Which magazine was started first Arthur's Magazine or First for Women?
Arthur's Magazine
The Oberoi family is part of a hotel company that has a head office in what city?
Delhi
Musician and satirist Allie Goertz wrote a song about the "The Simpsons" character Milhouse, who Matt Groening named after who?
President Richard Nixon
 What nationality was James Henry Miller's wife?
American
Cadmium Chloride is slightly soluble in this chemical, it is also called what?
alcohol
Which tennis player won more Grand Slam titles, Henri Leconte or Jonathan Stark?
Jonathan Stark
Which genus of moth in the world's seventh-largest country contains only one species?
Crambidae
Who was once considered the best kick boxer in the world, however he has been involved in a number of controversies relating to his "unsportsmanlike conducts" in the sport and crimes of violence outside of the ring.
Badr Hari
The Dutch-Belgian television series that "House of Anubis" was based on first aired in what year?
2006
What is the length of the track where the 2013 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was staged?
6.213 km long
Fast Cars, Danger, Fire and Knives includes guest appearances from which hip hop record executive?
Jaime Meline
Gunmen from Laredo starred which narrator of "Frontier"?
Walter Darwin Coy
Where did the form of music played by Die Rhöner Säuwäntzt originate?
United States
In which American football game was Malcolm Smith named Most Valuable player?
Super Bowl XLVIII
What U.S Highway gives access to Zilpo Road, and is also known as Midland Trail?
US 60
The 1988 American comedy film, The Great Outdoors, starred a four-time Academy Award nominee, who received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in what year?
2006
What are the names of the current members of  American heavy metal band who wrote the music for  Hurt Locker The Musical? 
Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett, and bassist Robert Trujillo.
Human Error" is the season finale of the third season of a tv show that aired on what network?
Fox
Dua Lipa, an English singer, songwriter and model, the album spawned the number-one single "New Rules" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album, released in what year?
2017
American politician Joe Heck ran unsuccessfully against Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto, a woman who previously served as the 32nd Attorney General of where?
Nevada
Which state does the drug stores, of which the CEO is Warren Bryant, are located?
Hawaii
Which  American politician did Donahue replaced 
Kelli Ward
Which band was founded first, Hole, the rock band that Courtney Love was a frontwoman of, or The Wolfhounds?
The Wolfhounds
How old is the female main protagonist of Catching Fire?
16-year-old
Chang Ucchin was born in korea during a time that ended with the conclusion of what? 
World War II
Who is the director of the 2003 film which has scenes in it filmed at the Quality Cafe in Los Angeles?
Todd Phillips
New Faces of 1952 is a musical revue with songs and comedy skits, it helped jump start the career of which young performer, and American actress?
Carol Lawrence
Were Pavel Urysohn and Leonid Levin known for the same type of work?
no
Are both The New Pornographers and Kings of Leon American rock bands?
no
750 7th Avenue and 101 Park Avenue, are located in which city?
New York City
Which actress played the part of fictitious character Kimberly Ann Hart, in the franchise built around a live action superhero television series taking much of its footage from the Japanese tokusatsu 'Super Sentai'?
Amy Jo Johnson
Who was born first, Pablo Trapero or Aleksander Ford?
Aleksander Ford
Are Jane and First for Women both women's magazines?
yes
What profession does Nicholas Ray and Elia Kazan have in common?
director
Where is the company that purchased Aixam based in?
Roseau, Minnesota, USA
Which documentary is about Finnish rock groups, Adam Clayton Powell or The Saimaa Gesture?
The Saimaa Gesture
Who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, David Lee Roth or Cia Berg?
David Lee Roth
Zimbabwe's Guwe Secondary School has a sister school in what New York cunty?
Nassau County
The Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking (1977–1979) or Woodward Royal Commission was a royal commission initiated by the New South Wales Government to investigate drug trafficking in New South Wales, Australia, especially links between the New South Wales Police and Mafia, The Honoured Society, is a Calabrian 'Ndrangheta criminal confederation, started in Melbourne and currently active in all of which country?  
Australia
The 337th Flight Test Squadron (337 FLTS) was most recently part of the 46th Test Wing and based at McClellan Air Force Base, a former United States Air Force base located in the North Highlands area of Sacramento County, in which US state?
California
The axial turbojet Pirna 014 was designed by engineers from this German aircraft and aircraft engine manufacturer based in which city?
Dessau
Which faith is designated to the University of Providence, private university accredited by the NW association of Schools and Colleges and located in a third largest city in Montana after being passed by Missoula? 
Roman Catholic
Pauline Henry was known as the vocalist of a very popular cover song. Which album was this song from?
The Joshua Tree
Guitars for Wounded Warriors is an album that was recorded in the village in which New York county?
Ulster County
What American country music singer-songwriter, born in May of 1942, sang a duet with her ex-husband the same year that he released the song "The Battle?"
Tammy Wynette
Who was born first, Francis Nethersole or Elizabeth Stuart?
Sir Francis Nethersole
What does the Hacker-Pschorr Brewery have to limit in order to comply with German regulations?
ingredients in beer
Don Barry Mason was the founder of the Psychedelic Shamanistic Institute (PSI), which other member that's Welsh, that died on 10 April 2016?
Dennis Howard Marks
What male actor starred in The Messenger?
Robert Sheehan
Are Gin and tonic and Paloma both cocktails based on tequila?
no
Who is older Glenn Hughes or Ross Lynch?
Glenn Hughes
In what year was the creator of the current arrangement of the "Simpson's Theme" born?
March 28, 1941
The Southern Railway runs from Vienna to Graz and the border with Slovenia at Spielfeld via the first mountain railway built in Europe to use what kind of track?
standard gauge track
In what show did Cynthia Nixon receive the 2004 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance?
Sex and the City
Lee Jun-fan played what character in "The Green Hornet" television series?
Kato
The 1895/96 Football League season was the eighth in Football League history with Everton, their Goodison Park home, is a football stadium located in Walton, Liverpool, in which country?
England
A Head Full of Dreams Tour is the seventh tour by Coldplay, and which had it's first show at a stadium that is known as Estadio Unico and is owned by who?
Province of Buenos Aires
Roger Avary (born August 23, 1965) is a Canadian film and television producer, screenwriter and director in the American mass media industry, he wrote the screenplay for Beowulf, a 2007 British-American 3D motion capture epic fantasy film, directed by who?
Robert Zemeckis
The American Pre-Code comedy film featuring an American actress, dancer, and singer, widely known for performing in films and RKO's musical films, was released in what year?
1932
An edited version of "Just the Two of Us" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 behind a song written and composed by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon which spend how many weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" hot 100?
nine
Which band has more members, Saint Motel or Curve?
Saint Motel
"Funnybot" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of which American animated television series, created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?  
South Park
Which private research university is located in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts Boston College or Stanford University? 
Boston College
What American stage, film, and television actor  who also appeared in a large number of musicals, played Samson in the 1949 film "Samson and Delilah".
Victor John Mature
Iqaluit Airport and Canadian North are based out of what country?
Canada
In what political party was the man who officially opened he Royal Spa Centre in 1972?
Conservative
Which Oscar-nominated film was written by the screenwriter who wrote a 1991 romantic drama based upon a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala?
Salaam Bombay
Are both Tim McIlrath and Spike Slawson American punk rock musicians?
yes
The Golden Globe Award winner for best actor from "Roseanne" starred along what actress in Gigantic?
Zooey Deschanel
The expert mentor to the celebrities that perform on "Splash!" won the 2009 FINA World Championionship in the individual event at what age? 
15
Still Da Baddest is the fourth studio album by American rapper Trina, following the poor chart performance, "I Got a Thang for You" featuring which American singer/songwriter, record producer, business woman, and television personality, and was born in Oakland, California?
Keyshia Cole
What profession does Am Rong and Alexandre Rockwell have in common?
filmmaker
El Nuevo Cojo and Golf Magazine are both special interest publications but which one is owned by Time Inc?
Golf Magazine
Who funds the bowling team that includes the school bus driver for Springfield Elementary School?
Mr. Burns
What city are George Washington University Hospital and MedStar Washington Hospital Center located in?
Washington, D.C.
what is the connection between Peter O'Meara and Norman Dike?
Band of Brothers
What author has contributed to such works as "New Statesmen", "The Nation", and "The Atlantic", among others, while also being being associated with Dysteleology?
Christopher Hitchens
Who developed the prototype pacemaker used by the 34th President of the USA?
R Adams Cowley
Which publishing company has published Bizarre and a sister publication devoted to the anomalous phenomena popularised by Charles Fort?
Dennis Publishing
Who performed the lead single on the album Friends in Low Places, No Fences, that reached #1 on Billboard?
Garth Brooks
Hate to Feel is the tenth track on what Alice in Chains' album that peaked as number six on the Billboard 200?
Dirt
The lead singer and guitarist in the Portland, Oregon rock band consisting of John Gourley, Zach Carothers, Kyle O'Quin, Jason Sechrist and Eric Howk, goes by what alias?
The Fantastic The
What year was the winner of the 2016 Marrakesh ePrix born?
1988
South Korean actor Kim Yool-ho starred in what 2016 movie directed by Yeon Sang-ho Yeon Sang-ho and starring actors Gong Yoo, Jung Yu-mi, and Ma Dong-seok?
Train to Busan
According to the 2006 census what is the population of the city in which James Iroha Uchechukwu was born ?
722,664
What actor in the film D.C. Cab also had a role in the TV series Barney Miller?
Max Gail
Which industry do Richard Hawley and Chicago's Catherine belong to? 
rock band
Are Pam Veasey and Jon Jost both American?
yes
Maurice Hines and his brother were famous for what?
dancer Gregory Hines
Are the New Orleans Outfall Canals the same length as the Augusta Canal?
yes
In which stadium do the teams owned by Myra Kraft's husband play?
Gillette Stadium
What southern California based band covered Blue Öyster Cult's Godzilla?
Fu Manchu
The Swedish-British entertainment studio executive and film executive producer, who was the Executive producer for a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Babak Najafi, currently serve?
CEO of Lionsgate UK & Europe
an Emmy Award winner and two-time Tony Award winner, was on the episode 15 of the third season of "Chuck". what is her name ?
Swoosie Kurtz
What is the current name of the Atlanta Mansion built for the daughter of the 41st Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia?
Lullwater Estate
Who invented the type of script used in autographs?
the Sumerians
Approximately what percentage of the global population is made up of the ethnic group Princess Fragrant was produced to improve relations with?
17%
The Boren-McCurdy proposals were partially brought about by which Oklahoma politician in 1992?
David Lyle Boren
The Thoen Stone is on display at a museum in what county?
Lawrence County
Is Children's National Medical Center or MedStar Washington Hospital Center the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C.?
MedStar Washington Hospital Center
Prince William, Duke of Gloucester and Prince George of Denmark, were eventually monarchs of which Kingdom?
Great Britain
The airline operating in Whitehorse, Yukon handled how many passengers in 2012?
294,000
What State has a Disney Resort & Spa that is a beachside hotel, resort and vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs and that Djuan Rivers was a General Manager at?
Hawaii
Are Wenling and Xinzheng both in China?
yes
What is the birth date of the coach of the 2014-15 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team?
February 5, 1953
Which organization presents the award in which Chris Noonan was nominated for his work in "Babe?"
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
Where is the base of one of the three main British intelligence agencies?
Cheltenham
When a Man Falls in Love, is a 2013 South Korean television series, starring Song Seung-heon, Shin Se-kyung, Chae Jung-an, and which South Korean actor, born on ? 
July 5, 1984
What retailer is the second-largest in the United States and has a commercial featuring the American artist who was 1st runner-up in the 2005 USA Weekend Magazine's songwriting competition?
Target Corporation
Which English actor of stage, film and television from the 1978 BBC drama "Pennies From Heaven" appeared in the 2006 BBC Four television play "Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa!?"
Cheryl Campbell
Who hosted both Miss USA 1968 and The Price Is Right?
Bob Barker
What video game published by Sierra Entertainment includes an antagonist figure who's mystery is the core of the series? 
F.E.A.R.
Close to the Enemy starred the English actor known as Ash Morgan in what BBC series?
Hustle
The Bass Rock Lighthouse was next to what Castle?
Tantallon Castle
Gülhane Park and Zografeion Lyceum, are located in which country?
Turkey
What is the name of the movie in which Edwin Brown plays a man that executed at least 400 people, including William Joyce and John Amery?
10 Rillington Place
What genre of music is the solo artist that contributed to Real Damage a variant of?
synth-pop
Jake David Shapiro was best know for being the screenwriter of a film directed by who?
Roger Christian
What book contains a poem which, along with "Beowulf" and the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", preserves a legendary list of the kings of the Angles?
Exeter Book
Norbert Holm was arrested and later demoted because of his Chief of Operations association with a military theorist popularly known as what?
the Desert Fox
What state does Sang-Wook Cheong work as a materials scientist?
New Jersey
What type of vegetation does Kniphofia and Baptisia have in common?
plant
Californian rock band Lit recorded A Place in the Sun in 1995, but what's their best known song?
My Own Worst Enemy
Gary Harrison, began his career in the 1970s and has written over how many major-label recorded songs including several number-one hits, another artist who have recorded his work include Bryan White, an American country music artist?
300
The 1976 German Grand Prix was won by a driver who retired in what year?
1979
What event at the Asian Junior Athletics Championships has men and women competing at the same time?
3000 metres steeplechase
Which 1999 French Open - Women's Doubles runner-up was born in Russia on 7 June 1981?
Anna Kournikova
What is the length of the River which has Wild Horse Creek as a tributary ?
375 mi long
Are Manhattan West and Singer Building both projects in New York?
yes
Who is the American internet entrepreneur who founded the company featured on 24 Hours on Craigslist?
Craig Newmark
Between two tennis players Kim Clijsters and Mary Pierce, who is older?
Mary Pierce
Which American college that has sent students to Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies was founded in 1874?
St. Olaf College
Hot Coffee, Mississippi sometimes shares a zipcode with a nearby city with what population at the 2010 census?
2,586
Jo Ann Terry won the 80m hurdles event at what Sao Paulo-based event from 1963?
Pan American Games
Pearl Lowe and Alison Goldfrapp, is of which nationality?
English
Which British company whose majority of its business interests are in Asia was related to the London Based Trading house Matheson & Company?
Jardine Matheson
What man, also known as mi Sde-Or, created a military self-defense system developed for the Israel Defense Forces?
Emrich "Imi" Lichtenfeld
Do musicians Robert Fleischman and Jimmy Barnes have the same nationality?
no
What is the name of this American multinational corporation that provides IT services, headquartered in New Jersey, that acquired Mirabeau?
Cognizant
When was Fannie Lee Chaney's son born?
May 30, 1943
The Canada Memorial in Green Park, London, United Kingdom, commemorates members of the Canadian Forces killed during the First and Second World Wars, the memorial was the result of lobbying and fund raising, much of it in Canada, by the former Canadian media tycoon Conrad Moffat Black, his title is what, of this British former newspaper publisher and author?
Lord Black of Crossharbour
WNP-3 and WNP-5 were constructed by the agency formed in which year?
1957
he Central Harbourfront is a waterfront site it is the result of Central and Wan Chai Reclamation, and it sits to the east of the International Finance Centre (IFC), a skyscraper and an integrated commercial development on the waterfront of the Central District, of which territory?
Hong Kong
What city does Bundestag and Reichstag building have in common?
Berlin
Which musician, Edwyn Collins or Jimmie Ross, played the bass guitar?
Jimmie Ross
what is the 3112 acre Pennsylvania state park that took over 11,000 to make due to the wave action of lake Erie called?
Presque Isle
 Teri W. Odom is a member of a scientific journal first published in 2007 by who?
the American Chemical Society
What forensic psychiatrist consulted on numbers cases including one for a contract killer associated with the DeCavalcante crime family?
Park Dietz
Which American singer-songwriter known as "the Caruso of Rock", recorded on the Monument Records label and had hits such as "Pretty One," and "Uptown"?
Roy Orbison
The central character of "The Adventures of Brer Rabbit" was later adapted into which 1946 Walt Disney Company motion picture film?
"Song of the South".
Abraham Weinberg was a suspect in the killing of which Irish-American hitman?
Vincent "Mad Dog" Coll
 Benjamin Halfpenny was a footballer for a club that plays its home matches where?
Select Security Stadium
The 2000–01 NBA season was the Jazz's 27th season in the National Basketball Association, and 22nd season in Salt Lake City, Utah, after the retirement of Jeff Hornacek, the Jazz signed free agents John Starks, and who?
Danny Manning
What was population of the city where the Dutch retired footballer Foeke Booy born?
108,249
In what year was the company that co-developed and distributed the BlackBerry DTEK60 founded?
1984
Who chaired the ceremony in which the film written by Canet and Philippe Lefebvre won the award for Best Film?
Isabelle Mergault
Mookychick is an independent daily online magazine and community with more than 100,000 readers a month and over 5,000 forum members, content includes analysis of current sociopolitical events, social and cultural trends, alternative fashion, movies, books, music and arts and crafts from a feminist perspective, in contrast with feminist publications and communities such as which women's lifestyle magazine that is published six times a year, and is published by Debbie Stoller and Laurie Henzel? 
BUST
Der Mond was composed by the man who was best known for what cantata?
Carmina Burana
Mackenzie Davis appeared in the 2013 Canadian romantic comedy film directed by whom?
Michael Dowse
The Developing Communities Project's first executive director was which former President?
Barack Hussein Obama II
Jane's Addiction and Weeping Willows, play which genre of music?
rock
Throne of Glass is a young adult high fantasy novel series, by which bestselling American fantasy author?
Sarah Janet Maas
The largest ship in the "Imperator" class ocean liners had how many gross register tons?
56,551
Axle Whitehead was a part of an American comedy-drama television series that is a remake of the British series with the same name set in what city?
Chicago
Were both Joseph Roth and Cid Corman authors?
yes
What was the event that Afghanistan competed in for the first time in 2017 officially known as?
the 23rd Summer Deaflympics
Who was the director of the 2001 American romantic comedy film written by Marc Klein in which Lucy Gordon had a small role?
Peter Chelsom
What hamlet and census designated place was the location of the only pay-per-view Bunkhouse Stampede?
Uniondale, New York
La Barredora was a gang that declared war on the leader of the cartel based where?
Sinaloa
What year did the chairman of the Jenkins Commission die?
2003
Who was born first, Odysseas Elytis or Cornel West?
Odysseas Elytis
 "Let Me Out" is a song released as the fifth single from what band's fifth studio album "Humanz" which was recorded in London, Paris, New York City, Chicago, and Jamaica ?
alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz
Up to how far off can the Deal Timeball be from Coordinated Universal Time?
0.9 s.
Superheaven and Oceansize, are bands of which shared genre?
rock
What nationality was a  historical drama film directed by?
Argentine
Who has more scope of profession, Richard Ford or Robert E. Howard?
Richard Ford
The American Aircraft Penetrator was modified from a helicopter produced by what nation's military?
United States
Canton Road Station was a planned railway station on the Kowloon Southern Link of West Rail Line, that was to run beneath a large shopping mall located where?
Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong
What South Korean sitcom starred a South Korean singer and actress who began her music career at the age of 15?
The Producers
Ghostbusters is a song written and recorded by Ray Parker Jr. as the theme song for a movie starring a Canadian-American actor who was an original member of the Not Ready for Prime Time Players on what show?
Saturday Night Live
Gelatine was an airship piloted on September 19, 1905 by a pioneer American aviator and what?
barnstormer
Which movie was released first, The Hunchback of Notre Dame or Saludos Amigos?
Saludos Amigos
In what country did the repression of citizens by a dictator during the period of 1973 to 1990 occur?
Chile
The mother of the vice chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign for President is the director of what institue?
Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs
Michael Ralph DeVito (born June 10, 1984) is a former American football defensive end, he  the National Football League (NFL), DeVito attended high school at Nauset Regional High School an NEASC accredited high school located in North Eastham, in which state?
Massachusetts
"Apocalypic" is a song sung by Lizzy Hale from which group? 
Halestorm
Ted Sutton plays Sergeant Cunningham in a2002 film that stars Mel Gibson as what character?
Graham Hess
Who is the former professional tennis player from Italy, Chris Evert or Mara Santangelo?
Mara Santangelo
Who directed a film that included Sarah Manninen?
Martha Coolidge
The republic with the smallest population of all the members of the Council of Europe is one of few places in Europe where a species of beetle cannot be found, that wew originally described in 1809 by whom?
Panzer
At the 2011 census, what was he population of the city where Kerry Saxby-Junna was born?
6,960
How many German scientists, engineers, and technicians, were recruited in post-Nazi Germany as a result of the clandestine operation where Arthur Rudolph became one of the main developers of the U.S. ?space program
more than 1,600
 Marion is approximately 50 mi north of a city that is the third-most populous what in the U.S.?
state capital
Jayantabhai Ki Luv Story includes a lead role for the film actress and model who is a native of what city?
Bihar
Which is currently more valuable, Temagami-Lorrain Mine or Meadowbank Gold Mine?
Meadowbank Gold Mine
St James Street appears as a segment of Whitecross Street on the 1610 map of the Monmouth by an English historian best known as a mapmaker of what perior?
Stuart period
The Pineground Bridge formerly carried Depot Road over the Suncook River into a town with a population of what?
2,523
Which city is the American rock band, that released their album on March 19, 2012, from?
Albuquerque, New Mexico
The Rossendale Free Press serves the town how far north of Manchester?
19 mi
Which american president's father was a farmer and he was a former US representative from NY?
Millard Fillmore
The End of the Innocence was a single by which former member of the Eagles?
Donald Hugh Henley
What suburban county on Long Island and the easternmost county in the U.S. state of New York is the location of a village called Lindenhurst?
Suffolk County
Which Lightweight division mixed martial artist founded the American Combat Association?
Kamal Shalorus
Which video game producers worked with an English film director to produce a film about sports?
Rockstar Games
Who won a Nobel Prize in 1943 and is associated with Max Volmer?
Otto Stern
Who was born first Neil LaBute or H. Bruce Humberstone?
H. Bruce "Lucky" Humberstone
Were Eatza Pizza and Your Pie founded in the same state?
no
Who is younger Mary Ramsey or Lee Ranaldo ?
Mary Ramsey
What type of species is a Boreo-arctic Montane species found in the most northerly of the abstract five major circles of latitude as shown on maps of the Earth?
beetle
What year was the thesis supervisor of Jocelyn Bell Burnell awarded the Eddington Medal?
1969
What musical genre was the song that, according to Annet Artani, inspired the Britney Spears song "Everytime"?
R&B
British band The Wanted's third album includes a song with a title about which Barbadian superstar?
Rihanna
Jonas Hummels is the younger brother of a German professional footballer who plays for the German national team, and who else?
Bayern Munich
How many test centuries did the grandfather of Fabian Cowdrey make for England ?
22
Anti-Semetism in the 21st Century: The Resurgence was hosted by a journalist and writer who is an anchor of what show?
PBS NewsHour
Which of the following is best known for publicly championing a terminal patient's right to die via physician-assisted suicide: Christy Canyon or Jack Kevorkian?
Jacob "Jack" Kevorkian
The plaintiff in the civil suit Paul v. Clinton was born in which year ?
1948
How long was the rule of the dynasty that was active when the Rosetta Stone was inscribed?
275 years
Sojourners and KO Magazine share what publication format?
magazine
At which stadium does the team, for which Baltimore's Marching Ravens is the official marching band, play its home games?
M&T Bank Stadium
The John Messer Barn is a historic structure within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Sevier County, Tennessee, this barn is a different Messer Barn in which valley, in the Great Smoky Mountains of North Carolina, located in the Southeastern United States?
Cataloochee
The NBC-affiliated television station, owned by an American telecommunications company whose founder is Julian Sinclair Smith, called WJAR is more commonly known as what?
NBC 10
What nationality is the actress who played the role of Sam Sloan's wife Trudy in the sitcom The Single Guy ?
American
What shopping mall is the largest in south Texas, Malle del Norte or La Plaza Mall?
La Plaza Mall
Who is the mother of the prince that had allegations made against him related to the lawsuit "Two Jane Does v US"?
Queen Elizabeth II
In between Memphis International Airport and Southwest Georgia Regional Airport which one is in Tennessee?
Memphis International Airport
Which airport is closer to Cleaveland, Ohio, Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport or Rickenbacker International Airport?
Rickenbacker International Airport
What profession do Kōbō Abe and Agatha Christie share?
playwright
What all female high school is located in a town in Sunyani West District  in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana?
Notre Dame High School
Jinchang and Liling, are located in which country?
China
What type of vegetation does Fothergilla and Clerodendrum have in common?
plants
What are the plants in the same genus as the Dendranthema boreale sometimes called?
mums or chrysanths
Who is the composer Howard Ashman worked with on his musical released in 1982? 
Alan Menken
What actor portrayed a character in a television series about a fictional race of superhumans appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics?
Kenneth "Ken" Leung
What comic book published the female superhero created by J. H. Williams III?
DC Comics
What country of origin does Nick Kroll and Get Him to the Greek have in common?
American
The character portrayed in "Giuliani Time" is a real-life informal adviser to the White House in which area?
cybersecurity
Thomas Harris is a novelist who is famous for creating which character?
Hannibal Lecter
Who founded the college attended by Thomas Balston, member of the Whatman paper-making family?
William of Wykeham
Joh Bruce Yeh founded a chamber ensemble who won a Grammy in 1985 for their recording of this work based on what Rusian folk tale?
The Runaway Soldier and the Devil
Which director is American, Mark L. Lester or Ken Loach?
Mark L. Lester
Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur is owned by a company that mainly sells what type or product?
dairy products
The USS LST-510 is a ferry between New London and Orient but what is the population of Orient?
743
Which band has more members, Muse or The Raconteurs?
The Raconteurs
Titus is the soundtrack to the film that starred which actors?
Anthony Hopkins and Jessica Lange
The producer of The Wreckage of Stars also produced albums for Texas in July, Everclear, and what other American metalcore band from Lancaster, Pennsylvania?
August Burns Red
What magazine an American monthly food and lifestyle magazine founded in 1987, Cooking Light or Hot Rod?
Cooking Light
Which tennis player has received a higher World singles ranking, Xavier Malisse or Virginia Wade?
Virginia Wade
Atoms for Peace are an English-American experimental rock supergroup comprising Radiohead singer Thom Yorke, is an English musician and composer, best known as the singer and principal songwriter of which band?
Radiohead
What was the year founded of the football team that Aaron Galindo is currently a part of?
1928
What is the nationality of the singer-songwriter who wrote the poetry collection Early Work ?
American
Where does Lance Stephenson of the Indiana Pacers basketball team play his home games?
Bankers Life Fieldhouse
Where did the father of Maria Brontë spend most of his adult life?
England
What is the name of the architect who designed the Lincoln Memorial dedicated in 1922?
Henry Bacon
Toronto's Insight Sports is partially owned by what Canadian businessman?
Lawrence M. Tanenbaum
Who was born first George Marshall or Allan Dwan ?
Allan Dwan
The 2005 documentary "The Aristocrats" was dedicated to a comedian that received how many Emmy Awards?
six
The Nike Mercurial Vapor is a football shoe worn by which Colombian striker?
Carlos Arturo Bacca Ahumada
Lendley C. Black is Chancellor of a university offering how many majors?
85
West Ridge and the ridge that has IndependenceAvenue/Liberation Avenue as its eastern boundary are separated by what road? 
Castle Road
What is the historical name of the acid that dissolves phenazine?
oil of vitriol
Who completed more books in their lifetime, Anne Frank or John Kennedy Toole?
John Kennedy Toole
Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg and Iphigénie en Aulide, are which type of music drama?
opera
What side of town is the Chicago Mayer-endorsed, 38th Ward of the City of Chicago alderman serving?
Northwest Side
What American professional basketball player born in 1986 was awarded the Dave Gavitt Trophy during the 2007 Big East Men's Basketball Championship? 
Jeffrey Lynn Green
Where is the company that built Woodvale Historic District located?
Rockhill Furnace, Pennsylvania
The Time: Night, is a novella by which Russian writer, novelist and playwright?
Lyudmila Stefanovna Petrushevskaya
From what country are both Maurice Newman and Macquarie University? 
Australia
Were Up and The Watercolor released in the same year?
yes
Which mentor in the 3rd Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge died in Kokilaben hospital?
Aadesh Shrivastava
What city is located in Gauteng, South Africa with a suburb called Kew?
Johannesburg
What electronic band's  song "Dangerous" was certified gold by the RIAA in May 2015?
Big Data
Are David Gordon Green and Larry Hagman both actors?
no
For which North American auto racing series launched by the Sports Car Club of America does Jack Baldwin drive a Porsche Cayman S?
Pirelli World Challenge
Are Calochone and Adlumia both plants?
yes
What year was the English actor and film producer born in who also starred in an adaptation with Renee Zellweger?
1960
Who's the Hungarian-born US film director renowned for adapting Stephen King novellas to the screen, including The Mist and The Green Mile?
Frank Darabont
 Which species, Cardwellia or Ochagavia, is native to South America?
Ochagavia
Are Grasshopper and Sake bomb both types of drinks?
yes
Donington School F.C. was an English football club, based in which large village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire, England?
Donington, Lincolnshire
Who achieved fame starring alongside John Richard Schneider in a television series?
Tom Wopat
Who was born first, Joe Manganiello or Kirk Kerkorian?
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian
Lee Il-hyung's first feature film was released by which company ?
Showbox
Rick Seibold has worked with what artist known for her role in "Big Time Rush"?
Katelyn Tarver
Where is the band that wrote "The Drug in Me Is You" based in?
Las Vegas, Nevada
Who wrote and directed the film in which Adam Beach played Slipknot?
David Ayer
Alamgir joined Meesha Shafi, Strings, Ali Azmat and Shahzad Hasan as a judge on which popular show?
"Music Icons"
What network is the reality TV Show that features American former professional baseball left fielder who played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Pittsburgh Pirates and San Francisco Giants?
ESPN
What is the name of the Los Angeles resident who directed a 2016 American superhero film about a surgeon who learns the mystic arts after a career-ending car accident?
Scott Derrickson
Emprise Bank has branches in a city situated along what river?
Neosho River
Who represents the district that Gawthorpe is in?
Julie Cooper
George Palmer Putnam, was an American publisher, author and explorer, known for his marriage to who, which American aviation pioneer and author, and was the first female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
Amelia Earhart
Emma Rose Kenney's roll in a Blue Sky Studios produced film earned how much money?
$268 million
The President of Egypt that changed the Hamayouni Decree was born in what year?
1928
Is Lysichiton and Ageratum geus in the same family?
no
A 2001 Indian epic sports-drama film starred an actor who was also know for his role in what 1999 movie?
Sarfarosh
Huddersfield Giants R.L.F.C. are an English professional rugby league club from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, the birthplace of rugby league, who play in the Super League competition, they play their home games at the Kirklees Stadium which is shared with Huddersfield Town F.C., is a multi-use sports stadium in Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, in which country?
England
Javier Mora, is a Mexican boxer in the Heavyweight division, he was defeated by Alexander Vladimirovich "Sasha" Povetkin, by a 5-round TKO, in which country?
Germany
Dixit Dominus is a psalm setting by who, which was a German, later British, baroque composer who spent the bulk of his career in London, becoming well known for his operas, oratorios, anthems, and organ concertos?
George Frideric Handel
Who is the Russian figure skater who danced with a Russian pair skater and in 1988 and 1994.
Ekaterina Gordeeva
It Takes a Family is a response to this 1996 book that was published by who
Hillary Rodham Clinton
The 2016 Washington State Cougars were led by the coach who previously helmed which other team?
Texas Tech Red Raiders
The San Diego Gulls are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League (AHL) which began playing in the 2015–16 season, the Gulls play their home games at which indoor arena located at Sports Arena Blvd in Point Loma, San Diego?
Valley View Casino Center
Which show connects Arthur Darvill and Matt Smith?
Doctor Who
The Acolytes Protection Agency consisted of what wrestler born November 29, 1966
John Layfield
Which K283BV artist is from Columbus, Ohio?
Twenty One Pilots
What host of The Voice UK was in "Doctor Who"?
Reggie Yates
What era was the man associated with Fanny Talbot the leading art critic of?
Victorian era
Who wrote the song that caused the Columbia Kingsmen to change their name to Sha Na Na?
Richard Berry
Which guest who appeared in the album "Animal Ambition" was born with the name Albert Johnson? 
Prodigy
In what city was the rock band formed which was paid tribute by Listen Without Distraction? 
Palm Desert, California
What is found in Prochlorococcus and essential for photosynthesis?
Chlorophyll
In which theatre in Los Angeles did the late-night talk show host of "Chelsea Lately" host the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards?
Nokia Theatre
Brian Keith "Herbie" Flowers, is an English musician specialising in electric bass, double bass and tuba, he has contributed to the recording Give My Regards to Broad Street is the fifth studio album by who, as well as the soundtrack album to his 1984 film of the same name?
Paul McCartney
The First Silesian war was fought against the King of Prussia who died in what year?
1786
The Chandrasekhar limit was named after an astrophysicist, what is the name of his uncle of which is also a novel laureate?
Sir C. V. Raman
What is the meaning of Trevor Prangley's other division the fought in aside from Light Weight?
refers to different weight classes
Who acted in "Shanghai Knights" and voiced Lightning McQueen in the "Cars" franchise?
Owen Wilson
Which event was a surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service while Magruder Hill Tuttle was a senior officer in the United States Navy?
attack on Pearl Harbor
Simone Kirby is an Irish actress, her credits include as Tracey Moynihan in which Irish dramatic television series broadcast, on RTÉ Television, the show aired between 2010 and 2014?
Love/Hate
Who did the professional tennis player currently ranked World No. 1 in men's singles defeat in the 2017 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell - Singles?
Dominic Thiem
Which league does the 2010 head coach of the SMU Mustangs football team currently coach in?
Canadian Football League
Device – Voice – Drum is the fourth live album by a band that produced how many gold albums?
eight
The band that released the album "Let's Cheers to This" is from what Florida city?
Orlando
Which breed of dog is now extinct: Chinese Crested Dog or the Chien-gris?
Chien-gris
Which African-American composer co-wrote Air?
Scott Joplin
Anil V. Kumar,  is a television and film director and producer in India, his production house, Flying Turtle Films co-produced the movie "Zanjeer" starring Priyanka Chopra and which actor, and entrepreneur, who works in Telugu cinema?
Ram Charan
On what date did a Canadian politician born January 2, 1979, succeed as leader of the New Democratic Party in Canada? 
October 1st
Which was available first the No Card or the Octopus card?
Octopus card
What is the phrase that is commonly used on the day which is observed on 25 April each year?
"Lest we forget"
Which band's song was used as the theme at the Pepsi Arena on January 8, 2006?
Disturbed
The Colts' first ever draft pick was a halfback who won the Heisman Trophy in what year?
1952
The Grand Lodge of the Republic of Liberia is based on a branch of North American Freemasonry founded on what date?
September 29, 1784
The first female board member for the Liberal Party, she was born in which county in Norway?
Vestfold
Mary Small served the county whose seat is what town?
Bath
What 1998 film with Arthur Nascarella was directed by Tony Scott?
Enemy of the State
In the draft of the 2017–18 Phoenix Suns season, The Phoneix Suns picked which player that played one season for the Kansas Jayhawks?
Josh Jackson
Which Byron Edmund Walker founded institution was originally controlled by the Church of England?
The University of Toronto
The weapon BFG is found in which game developed by id Software ?
Doom
Which court case concerned the president of the Foundation of Moral Law and a stone monument of the Ten Commandments?
Glassroth v. Moore
The 2016 Liberty Bowl was sponsored by a company based in what city?
Memphis
in the 2003-04 Wolfsburg signed a starlet from River Plate who plays in what position ?
attacking midfielder
American actor, Peter Hansen, best known for his role on General Hospital, also starred in The War of the Roses with American film and stage actress and director who has won how many Golden Globe Awards?
two
Arthur Noss won a Military Cross as the gunner of a soldier born in which year ?
1892
Who produced the movie that "Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos" is the sequel of?
DreamWorks Animation
On which former estate was the venue of Aloha from Hawaii Via Satellite located?
Ward Estate
Where is the record company based that was co founded by the frontman of Minor Threat and Fugazi?
Washington, D.C.
Kiawah Island, South Carolina was mentioned in "Porgy and Bess," composed by the man best known for which other 1924 orchestral composition?
Rhapsody in Blue
Richard Yates published a work by the name of "Eleven Kinds of Loneliness", one of Italo Calvino's best known works was of the same genre and named what?
"Cosmicomics"
Extras, is a British sitcom about extras working in television, film, and theatre, the series was co-produced by the BBC and HBO and was created, written, and directed by Ricky Dene Gervais, an English comedian, actor, writer, producer, director, singer, and musician, born on which date?
25 June 1961
Are Patrick White and Katherine Anne Porter both writers?
yes
Who directed a 2016 musical filmed in Howth?
John Carney
Son of Paleface starred the comedian and vaudevilian of what nationality?
American
What television series did the actor that Penny Layden performed with in The Libertine star in and subsequently became a teen idol?
21 Jump Street
What network did the show on which Kim Roberts played Neeva air on?
FX
Which rivalry were involved in the chant referring to the United Kingdom's Victories of the First and Second World War?
England and West Germany
Marpessa Hennink modeled fashions created by which two Dolce & Gabbana founders and designers?
Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana.
Formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad what sports event did Dirkie Chamberlain represent her country?
2012 Summer Olympics
"Touch" is a song from an album released under which labels ?
Syco Music and Columbia Records
When was the stadium Wollongong Wolves Football Club plays at opened?
1911
Irma Pamela Hall, an American actress who has appeared in numerous films and television shows since the 1970s, and is best known for playing matriarchal figures including in which 2004 American black comedy thriller film directed by Joel and Ethan Coen?
The Ladykillers
From an Andrey Zvyagintsev drama, which American city did the actual events upon which the drama is based take place?
Granby, Colorado
Alan Furst and Lee Child are what?
is a British author
Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out  is the second song on which of Bruce Springsteen's breakthrough album, that is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Bruce Springstee?
Born to Run
What New York county is Hartland Swamp Wildlife Management Area located in?
Niagara County
In what city did Duane Swank get his PhD?
Evanston, Illinois
Which publication is published more often: Modern Drummer or Bookmarks?
Modern Drummer
Which actress plays both Iris Carr in The Lady Vanishes, and Riley Blue in Sense8?
Tuppence Middleton
Mindless Self Indulgence and Tappi Tíkarrass are both what?
band
Tothill Fields was an 18th-century area of Westminster in the county of Middlesex, a historic county in south-east region of which country?
England
What quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons did Baker Mayfield win the starting job at Oklahoma over?
Trevor Knight
Terenzo is a city in the Province of Parma, which region of Italy is Terenzo located in?
northern Italian region
When was the  Prime Minister of India after which V. K. Krishna Menon was regarded as the second most powerful man in India born?  
14 November 1889
The Colombian airline that has been the national airline and flag carrier of Colombia since 1919 is wholly owned by a company headquartered in what country?
Brazil
What is the approximate population of the country that Koularo lies in?
1 million
What actor in Holding the Fort is also known for being a television presenter for shows "Game for a Laugh", "You Bet!" and "Stars in Their Eyes"?
Matthew Kelly
What other band was featured on the cover page of the Alternative Press magazine for the "100 Bands You Need to Know in 2010" alongside The Cab discography and Never Shout Never? 
Hey Monday
In what year did the English actor from the film The System die?
1999
One of the football forwards who plays for SC Pinkafeld is from which European country that borders Austria?
Slovenia
What is the birthdate of this Count of Luxembourg and King of Bohemia, who was father of Psalter of Bonne de Luxembourg?
10 August 1296
Are both Simon Wincer and Patrice Leconte film directors?
yes
Who wrote the song that was sung to the famous tune of the composer known as the Father of the Symphony?
Ottokar Kernstock
what the real name of the welsh electronic music producer DJ who have been visited the night club called Flex in vienna hundreds of times?
Lincoln Barrett
Nakayama Miho no Tokimeki High School included music by the composer best known for the games by what company?
Square Enix
What was the 2011 population of the unitary authority area that includes the village Eastoft?
167,446
Robinsons and Pocari Sweat are both what kind of product?
drink
 Rani Silautia is an Indian politician from a party having links with which Hindu nationalist organization ?
the Hindu nationalist Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
What is a resort and National Historic Landmark in Palm Beach, Florida, built from 1924 to 1927 by cereal-company heiress and socialite Marjorie Merriweather Post, that has Magazines available for free to members of the resort?
Mar-a-Lago
Did both Carl Boese and Franco Zeffirelli direct and produce film?
yes
Route 146, Interstate 890, and what other highway all run through Schenectady, New York?
I-90
Who won the election that ran concurrently with the North Dakota gubernatorial election, 2016?
Donald Trump
Who released the album with a single which originally reached number 60 on the UK Singles Chart in 1997?
Wiiija
What was the official name for the draft that Thomas E. O'Donnell was a public opponent of?
Conscription in the United States
The creation of Fontana Lake submerged Proctor, North Carolina and what other town?
Judson
Which air force base is the headquarters for the Eastern Air Defense Sector and located 12 mi east of Panama City, Florida?
Tyndall Air Force Base
What vehicle, introduced for model year 2006, does Patrick Carpentier currently drive in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series?
Ford Fusion
When was the company that publishes the journal Magnetic Resonance Imaging established ?
1880
Ian Hunter and Stuart Murdoch, have which musical occupation in common?
lead singer
Signet Jewelers owns what Delaware based retailer, along with Kay and Jared?
Zale Corporation
Since when has the automobile driven by Garrett Smithley for MBM Motorsports been sold?
1982
Who was the husband of the first olympic gymnast to be awarded a perfect score of 10.0?
Bart Conner
What other real life boxer did Mike Williams act with in Rocky V?
Tommy Morrison
Spaceballs is a 1987 American comic science fiction film co-written, produced and directed by Mel Brooks, the film also features which American actor, businessman, and animal welfare advocate, best known for his role as patriarch Tom Bradford on the ABC television comedy-drama "Eight Is Enough"?
Richard Vincent Van Patten
What Dutch DJ did Richard Bedford collaborate with on the album "Intense"?
Armin van Buuren
 Is Advanced Micro Devices or Level 3 Communications headquartered further west?
Advanced Micro Devices
Wayne's World featured the actor who was a member of what Chicago comedy troupe?
Second City Theatre
Tulapur is a village in which second largest city in Maharashtra?
Pune
Peter Bakovic played for which National Hockey League team?
Vancouver Canucks
Who is older, Vincent Walker or David Usher?
David Usher
Yukio Mishima and Roberto Bolaño, are Chilean?
no
What telenovela inspired the TV show that the band Eme 15 was formed on in 2012?
Quinceañera
Who released their second album with a band from Louisville, Kentucky?
Andrew Bird
Who is married to Jim Tomlinson and released an album entitled Raconte-moi?
Stacey Kent
What sport did Jack Sock and Raffaella Reggi play?
tennis
Heartbreak Express, Dolly Parton's 24th solo studio album, featured this re-recording of what song, originally recorded in 1973 and featured in the "Best Little Whorehouse in Texas Soundtrack"?
I Will Always Love You
In which theatre of New York City did a play, described as Marxism but using the figure from a Christmas pantomime in the United Kingdom, perform?
Adelphi Theatre
The university who was led to six national championships by Paul "Bear" Bryant, had its first ever Heisman Trophy winner drafted by what NFL team?
New Orleans Saints
Which actor starring in "Lisa Picard Is Famous" was born in Douglas County?
Laura Ellen Kirk
What is based in Sankt Ulrich bei Steyr, Austria? 
Steyr Mannlicher
What is the name for the regulatory body of over 25,000 football clubs in Germany?
The DFB Sports Court
Which was halted by a natural disaster, Camlaren Mine or Barton Mine?
Barton Mine
Where is the company based that sold Vodafone it's New Zealand operations?
Atlanta, Georgia
 "The Twentieth Century is Almost Over" was re-recorded five years later by Cash and Waylon Jennings,  Kris Kristofferson, and  Willie Nelson, one of the most recognized artists in what type of music?
country
Charles Hutchison and Reginald Barker, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Was Beyond the Gates of Splendor or Jesus Camp released first?
Beyond the Gates of Splendor
Tura Beach, New South Wales is a suburb of a town that had what population at the 2016 census?
3,544
How many stores are in the major shopping centre that is served by the Garden City bus station?
440
Padgate is a suburb of an english town on the banks of the River Mersey whose population was estimated to be 208800 in 2016 but in which unitary authority area is it located?
Cheshire
What band originally from Tucson, Arizona and currently from Albany, New York released their first album in 2000?
Hector on Stilts
Are Randal Kleiser and Kyle Schickner of the same nationality? 
yes
Barbara Jordan and Mark Knowles are both what?
former tennis player
Was the president who appointed Thomas C. Mann a democrat or a republican?
Democrat
Walter O'Brien was played by which English actor?
Elyes Gabel
What  teen sex comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz, starred an actor best known for her role as Jessica ?
American Pie
The Sia song "Never Give Up" is from the soundtrack of a film that is based on what non-fiction book?
"A Long Way Home"
What two skills do Lee Hong-gi and Dee Snider have in common?
singer-songwriter, actor
What area is the species of Spruce which can be found in Rensselaer Plateau native to?
eastern North America
United 300 and 300 were both made in what country?
American
1979, is a song by American alternative rock band, the Smashing Pumpkins, the second single from their third studio album, was released on October 23, 1995 in the UK, is titled?
Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness
Lookwell was a television pilot written and produced by Conan O'rien and Robert Smigel, and was a personal favorite of what American television executive who was president of NBC from 1980-1991?
Brandon Tartikoff
Where is the globe that succeeded the Globe of Peace as the world's largest rotating globe located?
Yarmouth, Maine
Bath School of Art and Design is an art college in Bath, England, it forms part of the Bath Spa University, a public university in Bath, England, with its main campus based at Newton Park on which location?
Duchy of Cornwall land
Are both Nasdaq, Inc. and Citrix Systems catering to the same customer bases?
no
Are George Avakian and Bobby Managoff both record producers?
Robert Manoogian Jr. (January 4, 1918 – April 3, 2002) was an American professional wrestler
Benji is an upcoming American drama film written, co-produced and directed by who, and is a reboot of the 1974 film of the same name?
Brandon Camp
The man that had a single titled "That's My Pa" played what character in the film "High Noon"?
Ben Miller
Barclay Henley was born in a city whose population at the 2010 census was what?
7,585
Tess Asplund fought against the Neo-Nazi movement that existed in which countries?
Sweden, Finland, and Norway
The Pantanal is a mid-size pickup truck made by the Brazilian off-road vehicle manufacturer Troller Veículos Especiais S/A, a manufacturer of off-road vehicles in which country, from 2006 to 2008?
Brazil
Where is the there a small medevial castle
Scotland
What is the name of this policy of favoring members of a disadvantaged group who suffer or have suffered from discrimination within a culture of which Black Economic Empowerment is a form? 
Affirmative action
The 32nd TCA Awards were hosted by a  Mexican actor best known for his roles as Fernando Mendiola in what?
La Fea Mas Bella
Are the documentaries Welcome to Durham, USA and The Agronomist both about Durham, North Carolina?
no
Which member of the band Bad Seeds was older, Anita Lane or Nick Cave?
Nick Cave
Which close friend of George Washington, Alexander Hamilton, and Thomas Jefferson, did a scion of the Huger family of South Carolina attempt to rescue?
Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette
John Severin was an American comics artist who had a 45 year stint with the magazine Cracked that was founded in what year?
1958
Rags Ragland died how many years after starring in Meet the People?
II
Do filmmakers Chris Carter and Theo van Gogh share the same nationality?
no
What genre is The Warriors Gate?
action
Brutti di notte is a parody of the film starring which actress?
Catherine Deneuve
What poem by this writer born in September 1872 was used in devotional and spoken word recordings?
Desiderata
Rhodochiton and Platystemon are both genuses of what kind of life form?
flowering plants
How much is the company that Jessica Alba is associated with worth as of 2015?
$1.7 billion
James Mulgrew is the star of which comedy sketch show?
And There's More
 Elkhan Mammadov is the project leader for the bid for which quadrennial competition?
UEFA Euro 2020
Q: What venue, also called the "Convent Garden," did Adrian Boult conduct for?
The Royal Opera House
Jess Weixler starred in what comedy-horror film directed by Mitchell Lichtenstein?
Teeth
Who directed he Paris Opera Ballet from 1983 to 1989 and its chief choreographer until October 1992, and he gave the tittle of étoile to a member of the Paris Opera Ballet from 1978?
Rudolf Khametovich Nureyev
Which airline founded by Frank Lorenzo was affected by a strike in 1989?
International Association of Machinists
What 2001 novel by Britney Spears is dedicated to an American author and mother of film and television producer Bryan Spears and country singer Jamie Lynn Spears?
A Mother's Gift
What county named for a hero in the French and Indian War and a general in the American Revolutionary War is represented by Assemblyman Kevin Byrne?
Putnam County
Rob Jenkins is an Australian actor, which of his movies, was a 2014 science fiction thriller film?
Predestination
What Carnegie library building located in the most populous city in Kansas was built in 1915, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987?
Wichita City Carnegie Library Building
The Centralia Massacre was committed by which pro-Confederate guerrilla leader?
William T. Anderson
What football club has won 3 UFEA Super Cups, and has also employed Scottish footballer Hugh "Hughie" Clifford?
Liverpool Football Club
Garth Jennings and Lee Cheol-ha shared what occupation?
film director
When was the record producer that produced Love Has Come for You born? 
22 June 1944
How many weeks did the lead single from Culture Beat's second studio album spend at number one on the "RPM" Dance chart in Canada?
ten weeks
Walloon Legion, a collaborationist volunteer unit, that served on the Eastern Front, in which war?
World War II
Before finishing her feature film, Something's Got to Give, when did American actress, model and one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s, Marilyn Monroe die?
August 5, 1962
Which was released second, Charley and the Angel or Planes?
Planes
Which of the following documents the issues of the LGBT community: Pride Divide or The Big Melt?
Pride Divide
Silent Möbius is heavily influenced by the movie directed by whom?
Ridley Scott
What number album of Taylor Swift did Colbie Marie Caillat win a Grammy for?
second
Who was born first, Martin Heidegger or Lydia Davis?
Martin Heidegger
Mike Gibbons won the middleweight championship after the previous champion was found murdered where?
Missouri
Are Thums Up and Mott's based in the same country?
no
What roles does American actress which  Manfish featured in  the motion picture debut of do play
comic roles
Which genus has more species, Fir or Chelone?
Firs
John Kassir and Tom Kenny both voice this one character?
Ice King
What year did the the German composer whose compositions are in The Individualism of Gil Evans die?
1950
At which laboratory was Carsten Olsen employed as an assistant to the Danish chemist who introduced the concept of pH?
Carlsberg Laboratory
What nationality is the male lead of the film Fishtales?
American
What German automotive marque does the high-performance aftermarket tuning company Brabus specialize in?
Smart
Which 20th Century Fox film cast Zazie Beetz as Domino?
Deadpool 2
Which American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone features a character called Butters who thinks up schemes to take over the world in its 86th episode?
South Park
Which stadium hosts the rivalry game between the all-male, historically African American College located in Atlanta and Tuskegee?
J. McClung Memorial Stadium
Do both Juniper and Indigofera belong to the cypress family Cupressaceae?
no
Who is the current world record holder in high jump and uncle of Lorenzo Sotomayor Collazo? 
Javier Sotomayor
What film director is from Great Britain, Miloš Forman or Alex Cox?
Alexander "Alex" Cox
What Category 5 hurricane cause the Sqannanoa River to flood?
Hurricane Ivan
Navarone Garibaldi is the half-brother of a singer who has been married how many times?
four
What was The original name of the Football club Samuel Johnson moved to in 1901? 
the club was founded as Newton Heath LYR
Both the Drever and Finnish Hound are two dog breeds that are bred for what purpose?
bred for hunting
Who has won more Grand Slam doubles titles, Elizabeth Smylie or Vasek Pospisil?
Elizabeth Smylie
In the 1990's, who built one of the three mills landmarks in California?
Petrie Dierman Kughn in 1994.
Which former lawyer and entrepreneur who was convicted for conspiracy and drug dealing was involved in a civil suit against Bill and Hillary Clinton?
Peter F. Paul
Girard city is located in a county with how many inhabitants ?
39,134
What year was the series published that recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley and published by Scholastic Press?
1908
The 1932 German football championship Final was played at a stadium that opened in what year?
1928
Dharmatama is a 1975 Hindi thriller movie, and the first Bollywood film to be shot in Afghanistan,the title character was based on matka, king Ratan Khatri, Matka" gambling or satta" is a form of lottery which originally involved betting on the opening and closing rates of cotton transmitted from where?
New York Cotton Exchange
What American composer who died in 1978 was associated with an American Opera Company located in Jackson, Mississippi?
William Grant Still
What occupation was shared by both John Frankenheimer and Tiffanie DeBartolo?
director
What is the population of the largest city in Iraq, who's 1956–57 Iraq FA Cup Championship was open to teams from the capital?
8,765,000
What wrestling promotion was formed by the current NEVER Openweight Champion?
Pro Wrestling Fujiwara Group
Which mine in California, lasting from 1873 to 1883, became one of the most noted mercury producers in the world?
Sulphur Bank Mine
Name the mother of Edward Stafford, 4th Baron Stafford, who was the daughter of the English nobleman and politician Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby?
Mary Stanley
Which author was born first, Lorraine Hansberry or Sandra Gulland?
Lorraine Vivian Hansberry
What is the Kaurna name of the river that runs along Mount Torrens in South Australia?
Ngangkiparri
What does the L stand for in Patriot Games star Samuel L. Jackson's name?
Leroy
Which movie was co-written by the person who directed "Blood"?
The Awakening
Are Kelly Jones and Martha Reeves both singers?
yes
Which professional American football team based in Ohio did Ivan "John" Jurkovic play for?
Cleveland Browns
Who is the oldest of the Van Dyke family?
Dick Van Dyke
Choi Min-sik, is a South Korean actor, he also starred alongside Scarlett Johansson in Lucy, an English-language French science fiction action film written and directed by who?
Luc Besson
Snow White is a Disney media franchise based on a German fairy tale by who?
Brothers Grimm
What connection does the private liberal arts college known for its distinctive curriculum centered on reading and discussing the Great Books of Western Civilization have to] EnVISIONing Annapolis? 
Important contributors and co-sponsors
The Prancing Horse was used by which top Italian fighter ace?
Count Francesco Baracca
What Bible college located in Louisville, Kentucky, was attended by Paul R. House who served for a time as president of the Evangelical Theological Society?
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary
Joan Jett & the Blackhearts covered a song by the first westerner to achieve pop start status in Japan.  When was that song first recorded?
1975
This Federation of Indian Airlines member is owned by what Indian business conglomerate?
Wadia Group
MindGamers is a 2015 Austrian science fiction film directed by who, the film stars Antonia Campbell-Hughes, a Northern Irish actress and former fashion designer, best known for appearing in Jack Dee's sitcom "Lead Balloon"?
Andrew Goth
When was Jordan Mintz whictleblowing publicized?
October 2001
Who played the onscreen husband of a variety show banjo player?
banjo player and former member of the television variety show "Hee Haw" gang having played the role of Ida Lee Nagger, the ironing, nagging wife of Laverne Nagger (Gordie Tapp).
The motorway reffered to as the Mid Wirral Motorway is located in a suburb known for which buildings?
Joseph Groome Towers
What suicide attack was located inside the Forward Operating Base Chapman? 
Camp Chapman attack
What principal dancer in the Bolshoi ballet, born in 1988, is a student of Valery Lagunov?
Vladislav Lantratov
what was the birth year of the fifth governor of a British colony in north America that existed from 1632 to 1776?
1626
What is a semi-professional football club in Hyde, Greater Manchester, England?
Hyde United Football Club
The pop singer in the lead role in "Tere Bin Laden" received how many Lux Style Awards?
five
What's Golden was included in an open world racing video game that was developed by Playground Games and published by who?
Microsoft Studios
Which  province in the north of the island of Ireland did Queen Medb of Connacht  made his invasion
Ulster
Jeremy Brock is the writer and director of this 2011 drama that was adapted from him and what other female?
Rosemary Sutcliff
Gabe Turner has collaborated with the actor and film director who won his first Academy Award in which 1995 crime thriller?
The Usual Suspects
Door into the Dark is a poetry collection by a man that received the Nobel Prize in Literature in what year?
1995
The author of the book "A New Kind of Science" designed a computer algebra system at which university?
Caltech
"Just a Lil Bit" is the third single from 50 Cent's second album, "The Massacre", released on which date?
March 3, 2005
Mark Rankin and Cedric Bixler-Zavala, band is what type genre?
rock
A Common Man is a 2013 American-Sri Lankan thriller film starring Ben Kingsley,  an English actor with a career spanning more than how many years?
40 years
Which highway that has a junction at Cairo Junction is 1286 miles long?
U.S. Route 51
Summit1g started streaming the battle royale game published by which company?
PUBG Corp.
Which documentary was released earlier, Almost Sunrise or 51 Birch Street?
51 Birch Street
Faugh a Ballagh, is a battle cry of Irish origin, meaning "clear the way", and today it remains the motto of which (27th (Inniskilling) 83rd and 87th and Ulster Defence Regiment) (R IRISH) is an infantry regiment of the British Army?
Royal Irish Regiment
Four Shores, is an album from the Latvian band Brainstorm, Lonely Feeling" is dedicated to which Swedish-born American film actress, during the 1920s and 1930s? 
Greta Garbo
When was the band for which Bob Welch was a guitarist formed ?
1967
 "I Saw Her Again" was co-written by what Canadian singer born in 1940?
Dennis Gerrard Stephen Doherty
What is the name of the character in Quantico played by the same actor who starred in Tower Block?
Harry Doyle
WHo is a Grammy winning American musician of Armenian descent, Armen Nalbandian or Arto Tunçboyacıyan?
Arto Tunçboyacıyan
Seoul Train and Making North America are both films in what style of cinema or film making genre?
documentary
War for the Planet of the Apes is a 2017 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves, a sequel to which 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
Which composer was Hungarian, Béla Bartók or Johann Christoph Pepusch?
Béla Viktor János Bartók
Enterprise Car Sales was established in 1962 by founder Jack Taylor, which American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis?
Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Which American guitarist and bluegrass musician from Danville, Virginia did Rebecca Rippy play or share the stage with?
Tony Rice
Borovička (also known as Juniper brandy), is a Slovak alcoholic beverage flavored with juniper berries, today's commercially produced borovička contains about 40% alcohol by volume, what is it called, also called alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and drinking alcohol, is a compound and simple alcohol with the chemical formula C2H5OH?
Ethanol
The 2016 Miami Dolphins season was the franchise's 47th season in the National Football League, the 51st overall and the first under head coach Adam Gase, with their Week 15 win over the New York Jets, the Dolphins clinched a winning record for the first time since 2008, and clinched a playoff berth the following week after which franchise's 47th season in the National Football League, the 57th overall and the fourth under head coach Andy Reid and the fourth and final season under general manager John Dorsey who was fired June 22, 2017?
2016 Kansas City Chiefs season
The Volkswagen Golf Estate is the estate/station wagon version a the compact car which was the best selling car in Europe in what year?
2001
What was the name of the band that starred Belinda Carlisle and released the album, Germicide in 1977?
The Go-Go's
Logan Lerman starred in which 2017 drama directed by Shawn Christensen?
Sidney Hall
Which plant, Buddleja or Burchardia, is an herb named after a German botanist?
Burchardia
What Brazilian professional footballer endorsed the Mercurial Vapor boot?
Philippe Coutinho Correia
Which film was released first, Roving Mars or The London Connection?
The London Connection
 Blake Alexander Carrington is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Dynasty", created by Richard and Esther Shapiro whose role was portrayed by John Forsythe, and also appeared as a guest on several talk and variety shows and as a panelist on what type of television show?
game shows
Knocked Up starred the actor and filmmaker of what dual nationality?
American-Canadian
What is the capital of the archipelago where Djoièzi is located?
Moroni
What is the capital of the state Curly Ray Cline is from?
Charleston
Fritz von Brodowski was killed during what global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945?
World War II
What state are both Wizzo and YG based in?
California
In what country are the cities Guilin and Ankang located?
China
Which genus has a name derives from Greek words, Micromeria or Pamianthe?
Micromeria
Are San Diego International Airport and McCarran International Airport located in the same state?
no
Are Manettia and Fragaria both edible?
no
The 34th Foot Regiment was sent to fight who?
Americans
Splendor in the Grass was a film directed by a Greek-American director described as  "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history" by who?
The New York Times
Sameera Perera is a cricketer from what island country located southeast of the Republic of India and northeast of the Maldives?
Sri Lanka
Abraham Bankier was one of the owners of the Rekord factory that was taken over by a German Industrialist, spy, and member of the Nazi Party who is credited with saving how many Jews during the Holocaust?
1,200
Sam Goody, who was run by Musicland Group, Inc., filed bankrupcy in which year?
2006
Kevin "Jack" Haugrud was the acting United States Secretary of the Interior, serving since the end of the Obama administration on January 20, 2017 until the swearing in of Ryan Zinke, an American politician and businessman, on which date?
March 1, 2017
Puklo srce is an album by a singer who lives where? 
Belgrade
Hall of Fame Racing is a team created by a joint venture of a number of players including the quarterback who was the #1 overall draft pick in what year?
1989
Who administers the federal law that the California Healthy Families Program implements?
the United States Department of Health and Human Services
Cyril Briggs was dedicated to advancing what  worldwide intellectual movement that aims to encourage and strengthen bonds of solidarity between all people of African descent
Pan-Africanism
When was the host that Renee Montagne succeeded born?
May 16, 1947
A combat flight simulator video game published by Konami and released in 2012 features missions including the attack on this location by the Empire of Japan on December 7, 1941?
Pearl Harbor
In what year did the submarine that sank the Tsushima Maru open to public tours?
1981
Where are the metalcore band from, that released second full-length album titled Rage?
Atlanta, Georgia
The actress that plays Amber in the sitcom "The Old Guys" received a BAFTA TV Award in 2014 for her role in what tv show?
"The IT Crowd"
What song recorded by Fergie was produced by Polow da Don and was followed by Life Goes On?
M.I.L.F. $
Which magazine is published in the United Kingdom, Bella or Al Jamila?
Bella
Who owns a licensed brand that seeks to engage the private sector in raising awareness and funds to help eliminate HIV/AIDS in eight African countries, who's partner is a Dutch sports and clothing company, which sells alpine sking and tennis equipment?
RED
Them Crooked Vultures and The Vines are both part of what music genres?
Rock
Who was the former wife of the American musician who led the band Kings of Rhythm?
Tina Turner
Are Mary Doria Russell and James Joyce both novelists?
yes
James Clark McReynolds (February 3, 1862 – August 24, 1946) was an American lawyer and judge who served as United States Attorney General under President Woodrow Wilson and as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, he served on the Court, during the presidency of which 30th President of the United States (1923–29)?
John Calvin Coolidge Jr.
Which star in The Pokrovsky Gate was also a director and occasional singer?
Oleg Menshikov
Who directed the movie that Olympia Dukakis won an Academy Award for?
Norman Jewison
Skyler Elizabeth Day (born August 2, 1991) is an American actress and singer, best known for her recurring roles as Maggie Ritter on the series "Gigantic", on TeenNick is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Nickelodeon Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom, aimed primarily at teenagers aged what span?
13-18
When was the English disc jockey who hosted "The Voice UK" born? 
18 March 1985
6 Interpretations included the songwriter who performed in what band from 1985 to 1995?
Requiem in White
What year did the namesake of Fort Davis, Alaska die?
1879
The Warlock in Spite of Himself is a science fantasy novel by American author Christopher Stasheff, published in 1969, the title is a play on the title of which French playwright and actor, known by what stage name?
Molière
What piece was composed in 1937 for the American Bandmasters Association and has a melody similar to Green Bushes?
Lincolnshire Posy
Feodor Chin voices the character of Zenyatta from a game by a developer an publisher based in what city and state?
Irvine, California
In what year did the Britain Burma Society founded under the distinguished patronage of  Earl Mountbatten of Burma, Sir Hubert Rance whose formal prefix Sir was strictly governed by law and custom as an honorific address?
1957
Pete Mount was the father of the American Basketball Player who was the first high school athlete on the cover of which publication?
Sports Illustrated
What is the best known song of the artist who originally recorded the song "A Thousand Times a Day"?
He Stopped Loving Her Today
Of the film directors Kenji Mizoguchi and Andrzej Żuławski, which one often went against mainstream commercialism in his films?
Andrzej Żuławski
What Indian politician hosted a Hindi language Indian television talk show?
Smriti Malhotra
 Jessica, is the second single from York-based rock band Elliot Minor, the band wrote this song out of their affection for which American actress and businesswoman?
Jessica Marie Alba
How many people were killed by a van bomb by the man Inga Bejer Engh prosecuted in a high profile 2012 trial?
eight
The Jargon Society has published books by the founder and primary theorist of what group of poets?
Objectivist
Restoration literature is the English literature written during the historical period commonly referred to as the English Restoration (1660–1689), which corresponds to the last years of the direct Stuart reign, it saw Locke's "Treatises of Government", the founding of the Royal Society, the experiments and holy meditations of Robert William Boyle, was an Anglo-Irish natural philosopher, chemist, physicist and inventor born in Lismore, County Waterford, in which location?
Ireland
John Martin & Co. is responsible for the pageant that has been known as what since 1996?
Credit Union Christmas Pageant
Who directed Revolver, the 2005 crime thriller starring the English actor Jason Statham?
Guy Ritchie
What sport does Pieter Nys and Fortuna Sittard have in common?
football
What British comedy film starred Robin Weaver?
The Inbetweeners 2
Whitney Williams has a chair on the board of a non-profit with Ben Affleck and what other company?
williamsworks
Which painter created the 'Beguiling of Merlin' and was closely associated with the later part of the Pre-Raphaelite movement? 
Edward Burne-Jones
Nikolaas Tinbergen shared the 1973 Nobel in Medicine with the zoologist who was of what nationality?
Austrian
In what conference is the University that had a coach born on September 9th, 1960?
the Big 12 Conference
Oliver Boot had a role in the Moliere-based film that was first performed in what year?
1664
 "Your Love Had Taken Me That High" is a song recorded by a singer that received a string of Country Music Association awards for duets with who?
Loretta Lynn
How far north from Salzburg is the Austrian village that shares a name with a controversial German Pilsner or pale lager?
33 km
The Grinch is a fictional character created by an author that died in what year?
1991
Were Nikos Koundouros and Curtis Hanson both film directors?
yes
Qwirkle and Evo, are which type of entertainment?
game
What Emmy Award winner worked on Miles from Home?
Gary Sinise
Who replaced the Peabody Award winner, made famous for his NPR flagship program, in 2004?
Renée Montagne
What show is an American-Canadian drama starring Scott Lowell playing Ted Schmidt?
Queer as Folk
"HMS "Sussex" was an 80-gun third-rate ship, of the line of the English Royal Navy, for which sovereign state on the island of Great Britain from the 10th century—when it emerged from various Anglo-Saxon kingdoms—until 1707, when it united with Scotland to form the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Kingdom of England
Arthur bell as an amateur cricketer player for what league known for employing professional players.
Lancashire League
In what year was the woman whose former chief of staff was Rachel Noerdlinger born?
1954
In regards to the album that had, according to Dave Grohl, his favourite song he has ever written, when was it released?
April 12, 2011
True Williams was the first to illustrate which title character of a Mark Twain novel?
Thomas "Tom" Sawyer
KKWQ-FM is a local radio station covering which area, that is a coextensive with Angle Township?
The Northwest Angle
Who worked for both the Security Service and the Secret Intelligence Service, and began writing novels under his pen name, Audre Lorde or John le Carré?
David John Moore Cornwell
When did the British/Irish digital television channel, which features Spliced, first launch?
22 July 2002
The Oxus cobra contains what kind of ions for their venom to be active? 
magnesium
The team Kevin Goldthwaite last played for play their home games at Providence Park since what year?
2011
Are Naser Mestarihi and Justin Sane both singer-songwriters?
yes
Abeliophyllum and Brillantaisia, are types of what?
plants
Which 2004 Nickelodeon show was created by Sue Rose and starred Molly Hagan? 
Unfabulous
 Charles Runnington was born in a country in southern what?
England
Chris Vance, is an English actor, and is the second actor after which English actor, and a former model and competitive diver, to play Frank Martin?
Jason Statham
In which school was the fictional character in "The Simpsons" which was voice by Marcia Wallace a teacher?
Springfield Elementary School
Kim Warwick and Matt Lucena both play what sport?
tennis
Which author is known for her "Anne of Green Gables" books: Lucy Maud Montgomery or Jan Karon?
Lucy Maud Montgomery
Which award did the star of The Nativity Story win at the 2004 Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards?
Best Young Actor/Actress
La Valentina starred the actress who was the second wife of which actor?
John Wayne
Effie Crockett is credited with creating the song that was based on what English ballad?
Lillibullero
Who was the director of the film which had "Held" on its soundtrack?
Stephen Frears
Björn Ulvaeus was a part of a Swedish pop group, formed in Stockholm in 1972, as well as co-producer on the film "Mamma Mia!" with who?
Benny Andersson
An American theoretical physicist who worked in particle physics and cosmology, she was also known as the Frank B. Baird, Jr., was a former guest on a podcast that was described as "a think tank promoting science, reason, and secular values in public policy and at the grass roots"; when was that podcast started?
2005
What was the 2013 population of the country Fujairah College is located in?
9.2 million
What town sends their students to Messalonskee High School and had a population of 1010 according to the 2010 census?
Rome
What is the instrument played by the instrumentalist with whom Taj Mahal and N. Ravikiran made Mumtaz Mahal?
Mohan Veena (slide guitar)
What year saw the founding of the baseball team where Hal McRae played from 1973-87?
1969
What is the Soninke language meaning of the name of the democracy that is home to Kumasi Airport?
"Warrior King"
Shere Khan is a fictional Bengal tiger that was the main antagonist in Rudyard Kipling's book titled what?
The Jungle Book
Biographic is a weekly comics feature by award-winning cartoonist and illustrator Steve McGarry, the feature is syndicated by Universal Uclick and appears in such publications as The Toronto Sun, an English-language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto, Ontario, in which country?
Canada
What other country was the queen who launched Dannebrog, also a queen for between 1918 and 1944?
Iceland
Makers: Women Who Make America featured an interview with what talk who host, who was dubbed the "Queen of all Media"?
Oprah Winfrey
What professor of mathematics authored the book Fashionable Nonsense?
Alan Sokal
Mathilde Ludendorff was the wife of the German General who was victorious at which two battles?
Battle of Liège and the Battle of Tannenberg
Seimas ("Sejm", "Sojm", Belarusian: Сойм ) was an early parliament in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, The Union of Lublin created a new state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and joined the Seimas of Lithuania with Sejm of Poland into one organization, the bicameral parliament of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is officially titled what?
Sejm of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Lee Mi-sook (born April 2, 1960) is a South Korean actress, one of the best-known actresses of 1980s Korean cinema, Lee's most famous films from this era include which of Lee Doo-yong's, 1986 South Korean drama filmLee Mi-sook (born April 2, 1960) is a South Korean actress, one of the best-known actresses of 1980s Korean cinema, Lee's most famous films from this era include which of Lee Doo-yong's, 1986 South Korean drama film, Mulberry, based on the eponymous classic story, by who?
Na Do-hyang
Elwyn McRoy is an American college basketball coach and current men's basketball assistant coach at Coppin State University, a historically black college located in Baltimore, Maryland, in which country?
United States
Who won an award first, the Brothers Quay or Alexandra Shiva?
Brothers Quay
Catherine Louise Sagal (born January 19, 1954) is an American actress and singer-songwriter, she's know as well for starring in the role of Cate Hennessy, on the show "8 Simple Rules", is an American sitcom, originally starring who as the father?
John Ritter
What was the nationality of Marco Garibaldi's former partner?
American
A theoretical explanation  of the Wien effect has been proposed by a man awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in what year?
1968
What tribe what American Horse a part of?
American Horse (Oglala Lakota: "Wašíčuŋ Tȟašúŋke" in Standard Lakota Orthography) (a/k/a "American Horse the Elder") (1830–September 9, 1876) was an Oglala Lakota warrior chief renowned for Spartan courage and honor.
Which is located in Hunan province, Huaihua or Qitaihe?
Huaihua
Which baseball player and manager was born in Ellisville, Mississippi, home of 4448 people?
Harry Francis Craft
 Hariharan Pillai Happy Aanu contains music by which arranger from Kerala?
Stephen Devassy
Xiaogan and Mingguang, are located in which country?
People's Republic of China
Which was founded first, Stellenbosch University or Wayne State University?
Founded in 1868, WSU consists of 13 schools and colleges offering nearly 350 programs to more than 27,000 graduate and undergraduate students
Are a Brandy Alexander and a Paloma both Tequila based?
no
Who is the current head coach of the basketball team for which Michael Beasley played for one year before declaring for the NBA draft in 2008?
Bruce Weber
What is the nationality of the actor who starred as Rene Russo's husband in the 1997 movie "Buddy"?
Scottish
Are the bands Tool and Capital Cities both from Los Angeles, California?
yes
What animal subject to the Foster's rule is the smallest North American deer?
Key deer
Who is Yulia Zagoruychenko's dance partner?
Riccardo Cocchi
In which year was this international arms smuggler who was the subject of the 2014 documentary film "The Notorious Mr. Bout" born?
1967
What was the franchise, in which Anton Šťastný played 9 seasons, renamed after moving in 1995?
Colorado Avalanche
The actor that uses the stage name "Li Ming" starred with Donnie Yen in a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by who?
Tsui Hark
Tripel was the strongest beer in their range, in 1956, served at a Trappist brewery in what country?
Belgium
What 1982 film, aired in 1983, was the seventh highest rated non-sports show and featured Kansas state highway K-10?
The Day After
Tressie Souders and Padmarajan, have which occupation in common?
film director
Who is an American journalist and has been Literary Editor of "The Weekly Standard,",  Philip Terzian or Derek Sherinian
Philip Henry Terzian
Who is an American musician, Peter Chelsom or Billy Bob Thornton?
"Billy Bob" Thornton
Did Terence Davies and Richard Wallace have the same nationality?
no
What year was the soundtrack to the Austrian-American comedy film, directed by Stephen Herek and starring Charlie Sheen, released?
1993
The author of "Evolution: A Theory in Crisis" is a Senior Fellow at what institute?
Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture
What college did the Chiefs all time leading rusher attend?
University of Texas
When was the American rapper from Atlanta, Georgia born who's song is "Sneakin'"?
October 22, 1992
The 1950 BRDC International Trophy included what entrant from Bourne, Lincolnshire, England?
Raymond Mays
Who was born in 1976 and co-wrote the teleplay for the first episode of "Black Mirror?"
Rashida Jones
If Cheung Kong Center were to host A Symphony of Lights, what aspect of the center would be necessary to do so?
coloured lights
Mark Geragos was involved in the scandal that took place in what decade?
1990s
What town does Bucklow and Trafford have in common?
Partington
What club did  a Swiss footballer primarily recognised as a right-back who signed for a professional football club in 2013 based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England ?
Saint-Étienne
Which board game was created by Reiner Knizia, Junta or Medici?
Medici
Statistician Walter Francis Willcox received three degrees from a local college in Massachusetts. Which college?
Amherst College
Brisingr is the third novel in the "Inheritance Cycle", is a young adult tetralogy of high fantasy novels written by which American author?
Christopher Paolini
Rakekniven was climbed in 1996 by a mountaineer that holds which nationality ?
American
Who was the head coach of the Duke Blue Devils football team when they played at Wallace Wade Stadium and has won multiple college football coach of the year awards?
David Cutcliffe
Dr Donald John Pinkava, is a botanist, specialising in cacti and succulents, and he is the discoverer of some of their varieties, at which public metropolitan research university on five campuses across the Phoenix metropolitan area, and four regional learning centers throughout Arizona, he has which position?
Professor Emeritus
Which 2017 Indian crime action film includes the song Zaalima written by Amitabh Bhattacharya?
Raees
Which jury member for Deutschland sucht den Superstar was an American model and choreographer born in 1957?
Bruce Darnell
Where was the film A Taxi Driver released?
South Korea
What was a single released in 1959 and peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, performed by an American country-influenced rock and roll duo, known for steel-string acoustic guitar playing and close harmony singing?
'Till) I Kissed You
Have Peter Cetera and Jeremy McKinnon both been members of a band?
yes
The 2010–11 Tour de Ski was the 5th edition of the Tour de Ski and took place from 31 December 2010 to which date, Swiss cross-country skier, Dario Cologna won the Men's class?
9 January 2011
What was the population according to the 2010 census of the census-designated place where Max Loughan created a crystal radio?
8,777
 Meg is an upcoming American film staring a former what?
MTV VJ
What year was Curious George released along with the record company that produced the soundtrack for the movie?
2006
What is a 2011 British action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre, that features a song by the band Primal Scream?
Johnny English Reborn
Are Ima Robot and Of Montreal music bands ?
yes
How long is the river on which Wilbur Dam is located?
78.5 mi
What is the busiest Amtrak route that does not stop at either Lortorn Station?
The Northeast Regional
K. Shivaram Karanth is what type of artist, which combines dance, costum, makeup, and dialogue?
Yakshagana
What year were trade unions legalized in Tony Blair's country?
1871
The 2006-07 New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets season was the team's 5th in the NBA, the Hornets split their games between the New Orleans Arena and the Ford Center, which multi-purpose indoor arena, located in the city's Central Business District, in New Orleans, Louisiana?
Smoothie King Center
What is the actor who starred in School Spirit best known for?
surgeon Major Frank Burns
In what country is both Faxe and Heineken brewed in?
Denmark
What is the nickname of the airplane model flown in Malaysian Airlines Flight 370?
"Triple Seven"
A radio comedy broadcast on BBC Radio 4 that satirizes the week's news, in its early days featured the voice of an English comedian born in what city in 1969?
East Dulwich
Which gold mine is located in the Bridge River District, Bralorne or Dome Mine?
Bralorne
 Portrait of Wally is a 1912 oil painting by a protégé of Gustav Klimt whose work is noted for its intensity and what?
raw sexuality
Stephen Williams is head coach of which Lutheran school located in Adelaide, South Australia?
Immanuel College
What is the birthdate of this former NASA astronaut and a retired captain in the United States Navy, who published the book Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13?
March 25, 1928
What is a small network appliance and entertainment device that serves as a the media player for the iTunes Store?
Apple TV
Abraham Roqueñi Iglesias (born April 16, 1978) is a Spanish welterweight kickboxer, he holds notable wins over Andy Souwer, a Dutch welterweight shoot boxer, a two time K-1 World MAX champion, in which years?
2005, 2007
Which part of SOKOM was formerly of the Royal Danish Army?
Jaeger Corps
Who developed the game with whom the man who created the C programming language was incorrectly cited as a co-author?
Bell Labs
What author who wrote "Jesus' Son" beat out Mischa Berlinksi for 2007 National Book Award?
Denis Johnson
What position did the former American first lady who employed Ann M. O'Leary during her husband's presidency hold in the Obama administration?
United States Secretary of State
Who directed the 2004 film that featured "Más" by Kinky?
Tony Scott
What king to whom Rev James MacGregor was made chaplain died in 1936?
George V
With which division of the Southeastern Conference the football program compete in which  Damontre Lamounte Moore played college football and earned All-American honors?  
Western Division
What is the best-seller by Ruta Sepetys?
Between Shades of Gray
What video game magazine was a part subsidiary of a Chinese-owned venture capital organization?
GamePro
This footballer played in the top divisions in Italy, Spain, England and Germany and is known for what?
his speed on the ball
Manchester City Football Club is a football club in Manchester, England, the club moved to the City of Manchester Stadium, in Manchester, England, also known as the Etihad Stadium for sponsorship reasons, in what year?
2003
Both Corydalis and Cedrus are what level of classification in the naming system?
genus
Have James Agee and Nelly Sachs both won a Nobel Prize in Literature?
no
On which station could you have watched the actor from "My Fair Lady" play a character in "I Can Hear Your Voice"? 
SBS
Allkpop is a blog based in what Bergen County, New Jersey borough?
Edgewater
What award did a single from the first Foo Fighters album to feature Chris Shiflett win?
Grammy Award
Moment by Moment was from the movie that starred which actress, comedian, and producer?
Mary Jean "Lily" Tomlin
Reagan and Give Us Our Skeletons were both which kind of films?
film
Which film director is younger, Del Lord or Wang Xiaoshuai?
Del Lord
The Messerschmitt Me 263 "Scholle" (plaice) was a rocket-powered fighter aircraft developed from the Me 163 "Komet" towards the end of, which historic event?
World War II
What music magazine ran from 1942 to 2008 and had a compilation album "The Wild Bunch" in 1984?
Hit Parader
Hunter Mountain is the second highest peak in the Catskills, in the south east area of which U.S. State?
New York
Are Fuling District and Qidong, Jiangsu both located in China?
yes
What dancer who died August 9, 2003 appeared in White Nights?
Gregory Hines
Steve Jones and Blag Dahlia, have which occupation in common?
singer
Diane Roark was wrongly suspected of leaking information to a New York Times reporter that has co-written two books about what agency?
Central Intelligence Agency
Alain Fossoul played this position whose primary role is to prevent the opposing team from what
scoring goals
The national flag of Ghana designed by Theodosia Okoh was adopted in which year?
1957
Who writes poetry such as Glaring Through Oblivion as well as leading the heavy metal band System Of A Down?
Serj Tankian
Which institute is this American football coach currently serving as head coach, who led 2013 Boise State Broncos football team?
University of Washington
Blondie is an American rock band founded by singer Debbie Harry, and guitarist Chris Stein, the band achieved several hit singles including which song by the American pop rock band Blondie, from their fifth studio album, "Autoamerican" (1980)?
Rapture
This American actor who starred in "Veep" was also in an action comedy film directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg heavily inspired by what?
a Vice documentary
Are Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport and Santa Barbara Municipal Airport both in the United States?
yes
What is the name of the Tindersticks' soundtrack for which the film, written by Denis and Jean-Pol Fargeau, is also named?
Trouble Every Day
What is the given name of the creator of the Album released on July 7, 2017 by Slaughter Gang and Epic Records?
Shayaa Bin Abraham-Joseph
What album did a Danish-born Montenegrin singer born in 1971 release in late spring 2008?
Kosači
Terry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic starred which star of Only Fools and Horses?
Sir David John White
For which film did, the composer who scored the music for Interview with the Vampire, win the Academy Award ? 
Frida
Which  British politician from Northern Ireland who is a Democratic Unionist Party Member of Parliament for East Antrim represents the constituency known as East Antrim?
Sammy Wilson
Doloroso, Mississippi rests on the US highway that runs for how many miles?
1400 mi
What type of a scholar was the rabbi who asked Rabbi Dovid Povarsky to join the previous two heads of the institute?
Torah and Talmudic scholar
A Suitable Girl is an upcoming novel by Vikram Seth, which is a sequel to his 1993 book "A Suitable Boy", Vikram Seth ( born June 20, 1952) is an Indian novelist and what ?
poet
Produced by Jay Joyce, Celabraison is the debut album for which band?
Sleeper Agent
The university where Peter Charanis was the Voorhees Professor of History is in what state?
New Jersey
Cohousing is a community designed around a shared space, an example being Sættedammen in which country?
Denmark
Which television show premiered in 2008 and featured a contestant who previously starred in "Hannah Montana"?
Dancing with the Stars
What is the name of the 3 Michelin Star Restaurant that is located in the second largest hotel in the United States?
Joël Robuchon
Who founded the knighthood in which Gino Cassinis was part of?
Luigi Einaudi
In what year was the actor who played Nathan Appleby in The Living and the Dead born?
1986
The ancient Roman town near Fusaro Lake is now the commune of what?
Bacoli
Do Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana and Sarpino's Pizzeria both sell pizza?
yes
The former 10th congressional district of Minnesota is now currently represented by whom in the US House of Representatives?
Erik Paulsen
Was Howard Hawks a screenwriter of more productions than Arthur Berthelet
yes
The 2017 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 will be held at the racing track with what two official names?
Mount Panorama and Wahluu
Which original attraction at Universal Studios Florida, featuring Yogi Bear and Boo Boo, was replaced by Jimmy Nuetron's Nicktoon Blast?
The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera
Roy Browns running mate in the 2008 Montana gubernatorial election won his current senate seat by defeating what democrat?
Amanda Curtis
Dumb Flesh is the third album by whom?
Blanck Mass
Are both the Aşiyan Museum and Sultan Ahmed Mosque located in Istanbul?
yes
Who was the drummer for the recording of "The Man Who Sold the World" released in the US in 1970?
Mick Woodmansey
What South Korean singer-songwriter, actor, writer, and fashion designer, was in the rock band F.T. Island that released their 5th album The Mood?
Lee Hong-gi
What major Albanian musical event did Aurela Gaçe win?
Kënga Magjike
Leigh Silverman was nominated for the 2014 Tony Award, Best Direction for a musical based on which short story ?
The Ugliest Pilgrim
In what year was the English actor that starred with David Hemmings and Douglas Wilmer in "Unman, Wittering and Zigo" born?
1945
Which Scottish singer, songwriter, and guitarist included calypso music in his influences and wrote the song Hey Gyp?
Donovan
Who directed the 2013 slasher film that Alexandra Daddario starred in?
John Luessenhop
The Abbey of Saint-Étienne was founded by a descendant of who?
Rollo
What nationality are Ralph Tresvant and Chad Smith?
American
When did the company that produced "Six Gates Far Away Mon Colle Knight" begin?
in 1986
Where does this Argentine sports club currently compete that Augusto Solari currently is a professional footballer for?
Primera División
who voiced the  cartoon character in the animated television series which , Pablo Aurrecochea wears kits adorned with its cartoon characters
Dan Castellaneta
Jordan Fished played the role of John Laurens in which Broadway production?
Hamilton
What is the name of the business that George Dayton founded and later Bruce Dayton expanded?
Target Corporation
Arlette Roxburgh is best known for singing a national anthem whose lyrics come from what poem, before every New Jersey Devils home game?
Defence of Fort M'Henry
Márcio Borges was from the second most populous municipality in what country?
Brazil
A Mars crater is named after the successor of who?
John Flamsteed
Which 2004 novel by Judith Guest recounts the murder committed by John Norman Collins known as the Michigan Murders?
The Tarnished Eye
Where is a place that has both Lano Estacado and Buda Limestone geological formations?
High Plains
Do Danny Shirley and James Dean Bradfield play in the same band?
no
What is the country whose capital and largest city is the birth place of this American musician and record producer Tomo Miličević?
Bosnia and Herzegovina
On which television show does Katie Cassidy play the fictional character, Ruby?
Supernatural
What British man was was wrongly convicted of murdering Jill Dando?
Barry George
In what year was the author of "Trading Christmas" born?
1948
Which is the progenitor of the dingo, the Indian pariah dog or the Anglo-Français de Petite Vénerie?
Indian pariah dog
What American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer did Jean Michel Schlumberger work at?
Tiffany & Company
How many stored does the American fast food restaurant franchise that sponsored Subway 400 have? 
45,000
What British rock band is responsible for bolstering Quiet Riot's hit "Mental Health?"
Slade
What mosaic inside the main church of Florence is attributed to Gaddo Gaddi?
Coronation of the Virgin
The boxer that won the silver medal in the men's super heavyweight event at the 2016 Summer Olympics was born in what year?
1985
What country are K. R. Kaushik and Narendra Modi from? 
India
Both Martha Stewart Living and Tall Timber Short Lines are considered what?
magazine
Which was around longer in 2010, Miss Universe or Miss Perú?
Miss Universe
The company that manufactured PDQ Chocolate is a registered trademark of what company?
Associated British Foods
What is the name of the widow of the earl who served as both Foreign Secretary and Prime Minster from 1955 to 1957?
Anne Clarissa Eden
Former player Darius Maskoliūnas coaches for which of the oldest Lithuanian basketball teams?
Žalgiris Kaunas.
"From Eden" is a number 2 song from the Irish Singles Chart that came from what album that was released on September 19th?
Hozier
Who is this retired American politician who was a U. S. representative of Oklahoma's 2nd Congressional District whom Oklahoma politician Jim Wilson ran against during the July 27 Democratic primary?
Dan Boren
What Famous play by shakespear have the phrase, "Et tu, Brute"?
Shakespeare's play "Julius Caesar"
Frederic de Hoffmann assisted which Hungarian-American physicist in the development of the hydrogen bomb?
Edward Teller
The metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft offers what kind of help to musicians?
software for singing training
What character did Pam Ferris play in the film based on a J.K Rowling novel?
Aunt Marge
The Office of the Federal Register is an office of the United States government within which independent agency of the United States government charged with preserving and documenting government and historical records?
National Archives and Records Administration
From which Metallica album does the song, used by Niels de Ruiter as walk-on music, come?
Metallica
To which film category are both Call Me Kuchu and That's Dancing! belong?
documentary film
In which films does Disha Patani who starred in M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story appear?
Hindi and Telugu films
Johanna Veenstra (1894–1933) was the first missionary of the Christian Reformed Church (CRC) to go to Nigeria,   was an ocean liner designed by Leonard Peskett and built by Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson for the British Cunard Line, on October 2, 1919, she left New York City on the RMS Mauretania, was an ocean liner designed by Leonard Peskett, and built by Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson, for which organization?
British Cunard Line
Who was born first, Tanya Donelly or Trace Cyrus?
Tanya Donelly
Are the bands "Halestorm" and "Say Anything" from different states?
yes
The Crocs River is a tributary of a river given what nickname?
"Rhine of North America"
Were Serguei Kouchnerov and Arvid E. Gillstrom both in the same industry?
yes
Are Clarence Brown and Peter Glenville of the same nationality?
no
The 2003 Seattle Seahawks season was the team's 28th season with the National Football League, following the season, which Hall of Fame defensive tackle who played for the Minnesota Vikings, retired?
John Anthony Randle
"Yaamirukka Bayamey" is based on which 1998 Korean film directed by Kim Jee-woon?
The Quiet Family
Between the two musicians, Peter Garrett and Ryo Kawakita, who has had more diverse job experiences? 
Peter Robert Garrett
What band from Savannah, Georgia did the singer singer John Dyer Bailey sing for?
Baroness
How long was the Underdog show presented by an English comedian Julian Clary?
six-week television series
What kind of activity are the niche-themed products Bookchase and San Marco?
board game
Born on the Fourth of July is a 1989 American biographical war drama film based on the best-selling autobiography of the same name by which Vietnam War veteran, and an American anti-war activist, writer, and former United States Marine Corps sergeant, who was wounded and paralyzed?
Ronald Lawrence "Ron" Kovic
What year was the composed of Lux Aurunque born?
1970
On which novel is the 1965 film with a character Agent Zeke Kelso based?
Undercover Cat
What Franklin county town did Bruce Bryant represent?
Jay
During Which debt crises did PIGS  used to refer to the economies of Portugal, Ireland, Greece, and Spain, four EU member states
The European debt crisis
Which series aired first, Auction Kings or Pawn Stars?
Pawn Stars
Were both Ted Tetzlaff and David Siegel film actors?
no
What film title does J. F. Lawton and Shawn Levy have in common?
producer
Jolen is a member of the race of what type of people created by Marvel Comics?
superhumans
What is the name of the album that was released by David Bowie that was recorded in secret?
Blackstar
What year was the Montgomery based school that Mabel Murphy Smythe-Haith's father taught at founded?
1867
As of 2016, which band released more albums, The Last Shadow Puppets or The Classic Crime?
The Classic Crime
What is the year of the event which occurred first, Vessel was released, or Debut was released?
1993
Otryadyn Gündegmaa, is a Mongolian sports shooter, she competed in 10 m and 25 m pistol events at the 1996 Summer Olympics, known officially as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad and unofficially as the Centennial Olympic Games, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Atlanta, Georgia, from July 19 to August 4, 1996, in which country?
United States
Ettore or Edoardo Ettore Forti was an Italian painter, who was prolific in depicting realistic Neo-Pompeian scenes of Ancient Roman life and events, these subjects were popular in the late-Victorian period, as exemplified by the popularity of Lawrence Alma-Tadema, born in Dronrijp, in which country?
Netherlands
Which band-mate of Joe Perry's co-wrote "Monkey On My Back" and is known as the "Demon of Screamin"?
Steven Tyler
What caucus is the current Representative from Texas's 6th congressional district a member of?
Tea Party Caucus
Vladimir Yaroshenko was a soloist with the choreographer who dominated Russian ballet for how many years?
30
Martha Graham was an American modern dancer and choreographer, her style, reshaped American dance and is still taught worldwide, the Graham technique, is a modern dance movement style, and pedagogy created by the American dancer and choreographer Martha Graham, born on which date?
May 11, 1894
Lacu is a dummer from a sovereign state in Norther Europ whose population in 2016 was what?
5.5 million
Who was the goalkeeper who blocked the most decorated English footballer player of all time?
Jens Lehmann
What is the French name of the bay into which the Big Salon River flows?
Baie de Fundy
In the 2016 romantic drama "Me Before You" directed by Thea Sharrock, Sam Claflin (who also appears in The Hunger Games) stars as which character?
Will Traynor
The Stage" is a song by Avenged Sevenfold and the first single from their seventh studio album of the same name, which was released on which date?
October 28, 2016
What type of vegetation does Cerastium and Pavonia have in common?
plants
Are A Tiger Walks and A Kid in King Arthur's Court both family films?
yes
Daniel Heartz is an American musicologist and Professor emeritus of Music at which public research university located in Berkeley, California?
University of California, Berkeley
When is the cast in The Guardians born that is a South Korean singer, actor, fashion designer and television presenter?
September 23, 1991
Are Sparta and King Charles both from the same country?
no
Ray Winstone appeared in what 2005 French-British computer-animated adventure fantasy that was based on a TV series?
The Magic Roundabout
Which actress had roles in the movies "Janie Jones" and "Signs"?
Abigail Breslin
What retired American soccer player is the head coach  of the team owned by Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures LLC?
Gregg Berhalter
Which city in China is a prefecture-level city Xinzhou or Guanghan
Xinzhou () is a prefecture-level city
South Somercotes is a village and civil parish 8 mi north-east from Louth and approximately 2 mi south from which coastal village in the East Lindsey district, and the Marshes area, of Lincolnshire, England?
North Somercotes
What number post-Beatles album of Paul McCartney did "No Words"  appear on?
fifth
What is the city that Victor Estrada was born in officially know as?
Heroica Matamoros
Highway 42 runs northwest from where Highway 24 crosses the BNSF Railway's Northern Transcon,  a route operated by what Railway?
BNSF
Who developed the game which Folkenstal features weapons and armors in a cosplay? 
ZeniMax Online Studios
How is Scott Speedman and Michael Corvin related?
Underworld
A 2005 French-language Canadian coming of age drama features artists including an American country music singer who died in the crash of a plane belonging to who?
Randy Hughes
Downton is a civil parish in Herefordshire, located in the north of the county and containing the village of Downton-on-the-Rock, in which manuscript record of the "Great Survey" of much of England and parts of Wales completed in 1086, Downton is referred to as "Duntune", meaning "hill settlement"?
Domesday Book
What high school did NFL quarterback, Heisman winner, and OU football player graduate from?
Putnam City North High School
What actress starred with James Franco in Palo Alto and played Kristina Jung in "Blow"?
Emma Roberts
Stainby is a hamlet in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, and is situated 2 mi west from the A1 road, the A1 is the longest numbered road in which country?
UK
In addition to A Bayou Legend, how many other works did William Grant Still compose?
more than 150 works, including five symphonies and eight operas.
Jim Keller is a microprocessor engineer most well known for his work at AMD and Apple, he was involved in designing which 32-bit package on package (PoP) system-on-a-chip (SoC) designed by Apple Inc. and manufactured by Samsung? 
Apple A4
Which television series did Deborah Ann Woll play in that was a spin-off of Marvel's Daredevil?
The Punisher
Where was the British singer-songwriter who composed The Princess Bride's soundtrack born?
Glasgow
Are Braque d'Auvergne and Griffon Fauve de Bretagne both breeds originating in France ?
yes
Amara Karan made her debut as the love interest in the film by the director of what nationality?
American
What Golden Globe nominated American actor from Juilliard School played a role in the 1986 romantic drama film, Children of a Lesser God, directed by Randa Haines?
William Hurt
Edwin van der Sar spoke to the crowd after the fireworks incident on April 20, 2014 during the KNVB Cup final match. Which team won that game?
Zwolle
Lynyrd Skynyrd lost three members in a crash of a plane that was chartered from which company?
L&J Company
Alvarezsauroidea was named after a physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in what year?
1968
The World's Best Prom and Shape of the Moon, are films of which genre?
documentary
 Jack Harvey was born in a civil parish that as of 2011 had a population of what?
1,425
What county in Nevada contains both the City of Las Vegas and the College of Southern Nevada?
Clark County
Who manages the station that serves a small town and civil parish in the Borough of Pendle Lancashire, England with a population of 8,200 as of 2011?
Northern
Who airs the cartoon developed by Nicholas Boshier?
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
The Genève-Servette HC competes in a league know by what name prior to the 2017-2018 season?
National League A.
Which Norwegian actress performed in Anton Checkhov's "Three Sisters" as well as a three-act play written by Henrik Ibsen set in Norway around 1879?
Gisken Armand Lillo-Stenberg
Are Monastery of the Transfiguration, Kinaliada and Süreyya Opera House both Greek Orthodox monasteries? 
no
Which of these has its entrance in Piyer Loti Caddesi, Hagia Sophia or Theodosius Cistern?
Theodosius Cistern
A major character in the 2000 novel "Storm Front" had her name changed to what when the novel series was adapted for television?
Connie Murphy
Reader's Digest and Scientific American are both what?
magazine
What do it yourself magazine does William Gurstelle write for?
Make
Andover, located in Essex County, Massachusetts, is an example of a basic unit of local government and local division of state authority in each of the six New England states, commonly referred to in other states as what?
cities
While both singer-songwriters have displayed incredible talent, what sets Robert Palmer apart from Wayne Coyne, causing him to gain populatiry in two continents?
eclectic mix of musical styles
Waht kind of music do the bands Nada Surf and Madina Lake play?
alternative rock
Which documentary, Crumb or Cancer, was produced first?
Crumb
the made for television biopic  Ishi: The Last of His Tribe based on  Alfred L. Kroeber is about what tribe?
the Yahi tribe
What language was the radio station which played oldies from artists such as Leopoldo Dante Tévez, broadcasted in?
Spanish
What was the screenplay novelist, Caroline Thompson, base in an Victorian era village for Victor and Emily?
Corpse Bride
What was the job title of this American engineer and former astronaut aboard Apollo 11, who inspired the musical Moon Landing?
Lunar Module Pilot
The song "Good Life" recorded by G-Eazy and Kehlani appeared on the soundtrack for what  2017 action film directed by F. Gary Gray?
The Fate of the Furious
When was the 15th pick of the 2011 NFL born ?
July 24, 1989
Which man, Ben Bagdikian or Eddie Mekka, is most famous for his role as Carmine "The Big Ragu" Ragusa on the sitcom "Laverne & Shirley"?
Eddie Mekka
Mfon Sunday Udoka, is a Nigerian American former professional basketball player and the new Assistant Coach of the Nigeria women's national basketball team the Lady Tigers, she's the sister of NBA player Ime Sunday Udoka, a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player, and current assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs, of which organization?
National Basketball Association (NBA)
Fred Mundee attended the public high school that was built in what year?
1909
Are Beyazıt Tower and Miniatürk both in Istanbul, Turkey?
yes
Which happened first Battle of Okinawa or Operation Nordwind ?
Operation North Wind
Ezhou and Yangzhong are both cities in what country?
China
The 2016 Baylor Bears football team were invited to what event when they defeated the 2016 Boise State Broncos?
Cactus Bowl
The sauce that fills a BiFi Carazza is referred to as what by Italians?
Salsa di pomodoro
What is the urdu name of Afghan citizens living as refugee in a country other than Iran?
Afghan Muhajreen
Which brand shop in Beverly Center is based in Maranello ?
Ferrari
Editors and Working for a Nuclear Free City, is of which nationality?
English
Into the Labyrinth was only was later shown in the United States as part of a program whose featurettes focused on characters with what?
psychic abilities
Talking Smack is an American talk show whose past hosts have included the current Intercontinental Champion in his what?
seventh reign
David J. Wineland was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with which French physicist known for a study of the particle of light?
Serge Haroche
When did the event Rue d'Alésia is named for take place?
September, 52 BC
In what Australian city did the United States ship supplies in 1943 as part of the Lend-lease policy during WWII
Sydney
Eric Jacobson performed the Muppet character who was part of what fictional band?
Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem
How many caps for England did Lee Devonshire's son win ?
eight
When was the by-election of a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by David Rutley held on?
30 September 1971
Lucy Elizabeth Fry played the lead in a television series that follows Eve who is a 19-year-old what?
American tourist
Jasminum multipartitum is native to what landlocked country located in southern Africa, between the Zambezi and Limpopo Rivers?
Zimbabwe
At which age Audrey Kathryn Lindvall's super model sister was discover by IMG scout?
14 years old
What is the fifth studio album by English musician George Harrison released as the follow-up to The album that was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America two days after release?
Dark Horse
What type of film are "Transparent" and "Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe"?
documentary
What year did the famous amusement park across the street from Axeltory open?
1843
What band was formed earlier, Better Than Ezra or the Melvins?
The Melvins
What is the nickname of the host for which "Winner Take All" is best known?
"Dean of Game Show Hosts"
Steve Peterson appeared as which character in a Shakespeare comedy written for the close of the Christmas season?
Aguecheek
Hoosier Lottery includes the sale of the lottery game offered by how many states?
44
Were the documentaries The Mosuo Sisters and Quantum Hoops released in the same year?
no
BLIZZARD! The Storm That Changed America was about the storm also referred to as what?
Great White Hurricane
Emilio Botin was a banker that ran an institution that merged with what group?
Santander Group
Which actress, model, and singer born in 1926 does the film Golden Hoofs star?
Jane Withers
What is the 2011 census population of this village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England, where High Dyke road runs between it and Colsterworth?
1,647
Morning glory and Sorbus are both a genus of plants? 
yes
Where is the Peace Palace Library located?
It is located in The Hague, Netherlands, and was established to support the Permanent Court of Justice
Where was the actress who starred in Trishna with Riz Ahmed born?
Mumbai, India
The song "Boom" features an artist born on January 17, 1971 with what legal name?
Jonathan Smith
Are Camassia and Chelone both native to North America?
yes
What type of band did a cover of a single that sold two million copies from 1969 to 1970?
English glam rock band
Are the University of West Florida and FH Joanneum both American Universities ?
no
When was the director of King of the Dancehall born?
October 8, 1980
WERT is a radio station that is broadcast from it studios on what transcontinental highway?
Lincoln Highway
What is a song from the 1966 Broadway musical with music by Cy Coleman, lyrics by Dorothy Fields and book by Neil Simon directed and choreographed for Broadway by Bob Fosse starring his wife and muse Gwen Verdon alongside John McMartin, in which  the character of Charity reflects on her marvellous luck as she spends time with Vittorio ?
If My Friends Could See Me Now
What type od dance music inspired the band, "The Kabalas"?
Polka
Plastic is a British-American action comedy-crime film starring an English actress best known for playing the role of Hannah Ashworth in what long-running soap opera?
Hollyoaks
What show created by Michael G. Moye and Ron Leavitt aired on May 2, 2006 in Chile? 
Married... with Children
In what year was the adventure film depicting the English sea captain and privateer of the Elizabethan era released?
1962
What film company produced The Littlest Outlaw and The Jungle Book?
Walt Disney
Westfield Culver City is owned by what Australian shopping centre company that existed from 1960 to 2014
Westfield Group
What country holds both Fetteresso Castle and Cowie Castle?
Scotland
Who was the two time Walter Camp Coach of the Year winner who led the 2000 Oklahoma Sooners to an Orange Bowl victory? 
Bob Stoops
The Chase is hosted by an actress who began her television career in what Spanish-American teen sitcom?
"Out of the Blue"
Bob Scucci was the former Assistant Race and Sports Book Manager at what casino resort located on 63 acres along the Las Vegas Strip?
Stardust Resort and Casino
The 1920 NCAA football season had no clear-cut champion, with the "Official NCAA Division I Football Records Book" listing California, Georgia, Harvard, Notre Dame, and Princeton as national champions, Notre Dame was led by its first Walter Camp All-American, nicknamed "The Gipper", who died before the year was over, his name?
George Gipp
Are Onew and Judith Durham both singers?
yes
Who co- satrred with the actor who starred in several television series over more than five decades, including such popular roles as Bret Maverick in a 1959 episode of the Western comedy television series where A mean killer becomes jealous?
Clint Eastwood
Shanghai Noon was the directorial debut of an American film director whose other credits include Showtime, Failure to Launch, and what other film?
Marmaduke
What Chicago gang were Charles "Chuckie" Anthony Nicoletti and Salvatore "Mooney Sam" Giancana, better known as Sam Giancana, apart of?
Outfit
Peter Thomas Ward played for a team that was offically renamed in what year?
1913
Which author of Superman: The Wedding Album is known for creating the superhero Booster Gold?
Dan Jurgens
Which musician was born first, John Tardy or Tom Barman?
John Tardy
The Wrekin is a hill that can be seen even as far as a landmark 47-storey mixed use skyscraper that is how tall?
554 ft
Party Never Ends is an album by the Romanian singer who studied at what college?
Ovidius University
Who is the artist of The Scarlet Letter and debdebuted on the music scene as Missy Elliott's protégée?
Cynthia Karen Loving
Ran Nakash, is an Israeli cruiserweight boxer, his only loss to date occurred on which date, against WBO Cruiserweight champion Marco Huck, a German professional boxer known for his aggressive style and punching power?
April 2, 2011
Which star of Don 2 was named by "Time" magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world?
Priyanka Chopra
Morrisson Kaye also spelled as Morrisson K, formerly known as Morrisson, is an American singer, songwriter, producer and musician from the San Francisco Bay Area, his earliest official releases were underground tracks of which subgenre of house music, and originated in the 1980s, initially fusing elements of Chicago house with 1980s jazz-funk and touches of soul music?
Deep house
What type of organism can both Bellis and Syzygium jambos be described as?
plants
Pandit Kishan Maharaj, was an Indian tabla player of Hindustani classical music, who belonged to which one of the six most common styles of playing of the Indian tabla? 
Benares gharānā
Who composed the original score and songs of the film based on the play "The Man Who Was Peter Pan" by Allan Knee ?
Jan A. P. Kaczmarek
Team Halfords Bikehut was the team of the British female cyclist who now works in what capacity?
environmental consultant
What was the royal title of the man whose German government backed the colonization of Poland by German settlers, one ofthe factors leading to the plight of rural Poland which was the focus of the novel The Outpost?
Prince of Bismarck, Duke of Lauenburg
A television show originaly aired on December 29, 1996 was written by a graduate of what University?
Harvard University
When was the American fitness guru, actor, and comedian born who is known for his eccentric, flamboyant, and energetic personality and also a star of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: The Movie?
July 12, 1948
Lewis Moran was murdered a week after the death of the hitman from what Australian city?
Melbourne
When was American actor who acted Spock in The City on the Edge of Forever born? 
March 26, 1931
Which dog is now extinct, the Tahltan Bear Dog or the Stichelhaar?
Tahltan Bear Dog
In which city was the American alternative rock band who released the single Blinded formed?
San Francisco
What 2014 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy adventure comedy film features a song recorded by British singer Leah McFall?
The Book of Life
John Gale, is from North Platte, Nebraska, and has served as the 26th Secretary of State of Nebraska since 2000, he is a member of the Republican Party, commonly referred to as the GOP, an abbreviation for what, is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States? 
Grand Old Party
Are The Million Dollar Duck and A Far Off Place both American films?
yes
Which stadium in Orlando opened in 1936 and is found west of the home venue for the Orlando City SC?
Camping World Stadium
Who was the director of the 2004 French action film for which Tony D'Amario is best known?
Pierre Morel
Whar did Sarfraz Ahmed do after Azhar Ali stepped down?
He took up the Test captaincy
The 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the sixteenth edition of the FIFA U-20 World Cup (formerly called FIFA World Youth Championship), hosted by Canada held during which span of dates, Argentine player Sergio Agüero was given the FIFA U-20 Golden Shoe?
30 June to 22 July 2007
What is the nickname for this United States drag racer who drove Brutus?
Jungle Jim
What Milan based company made the tires for the Minardi M190?
Pirelli
Where was the NFL draft held in which Kenyatta Walker was selected in the first round by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
Theater at Madison Square Garden
St Estevam is an Island in Ilhas, Goa, India, it is also known as 'Shakecho Juvo' - the isle of vegetables - known for its long, seven-ridged, light green ladyfingers, Okra or okro, known in many English-speaking countries as ladies' fingers or ochro, is a flowering plant in which family? 
mallow
Where was the captain that the USS Elrod is named after born?
Turner County, Georgia
Aspects of Andrew Lloyd Webber is the second studio album by a singer that played what role in theAustralian premiere of "The Phantom of the Opera"? 
Christine Daaé
In what year did Tim Gaines leave the band whose eleventh release was "The Roxx Regime Demos"?
2004
ND Črnuče was managed in the mid-90s by the football coach of what nationality?
Slovenian
"State of Grace" and "I knew You Were Trouble" were both off of Taylor Swift's "Red" album, which song was written by Swift, Max Martin and Shellback?
I Knew You Were Trouble
Which American distance runner who died in an automobile accident in Oregon had a trail named after him?
Steve Prefontaine
Manfred Moch was the featured solo trumpet player of the orchestra named after which German orchestra leader, music producer, and songwriter who died on June 21, 1980?
Bert Kaempfert
Canelo Álvarez vs. Amir Khan, billed as "Power vs. Speed" and also known as "Canelo vs. Khan" or by the portmanteau "Khanelo", was a professional boxing fight which took place on May 7, 2016, and was contested for the WBC, "Ring" magazine and lineal middleweight titles, it was the first major sporting event to be held at T-Mobile Arena is a multi-use indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise in which US state?
Nevada
An operatic commedia in three acts that is by an Italian Baroque composer who was famous for operas and chamber cantatas, was first performed where?
Teatro dei Fiorentini
What is a rare breed of dog that was derived as a variant of Rat Terrier, Shiloh Shepherd dog or American Hairless Terrier ?
American Hairless Terrier
Which TV show starring Will Smith was written by the creator of "The Borowitz Report"?
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
Are Guadarrama National Park and Teide National Park both in the Spanish mainland?
no
When was the man who was filmed by his brother and friend as he built a romantic relationship on Facebook born?
September 26, 1984
What genre does both the tragic hero as a protagonist and the film The Great Santini fall into?
drama
What city features Endem TV Tower, a 257 m tall tower which once included a revolving restaurant 154 m above ground as well as Cağaloğlu Hamam, the last of its kind public hamam built in 1741 to raise revenue by a library.
Istanbul, Turkey
What politician from New York served two terms representing New York in the United States Senate? 
Hillary Rodham Clinton
What disorder the man whose protege starred in Where Danger Lives have?
OCD
John Still was a British archaeologist known for his discoveries at an ancient rock fortress located in what country?
Sri Lanka
Tammy Lee Grimes was an American actress and singer who starred in a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV special first broadcast in 1973 on NBC called what?
The Borrowers
When did the politician who represented the electoral district in Sydney's West resign from his political party?
2015
What 2016 animated movie about birds, written by Jon Vitti, features characters also used in a pinball video game published by Rovio Entertainment in the same year?
The Angry Birds Movie
Florence MacLeod Harper covered World War I on the eastern front for a newspaper that was was founded in what year?
1855
Who was a successful artist at Philips Classics Records?
Alfred Brendel
Who was the original executive producer of the children's television series, produced by Sesame Workshop and created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett?
David Connell
What is the connection between Félix du Temple de la Croix and Early flying machines?
aircraft of any sort
Which topic in the Dear America series took place in New York City?
Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire
Who is best known for writing and directing science fiction films such as "Cube", "Cypher", "Nothing", and "Splice", Vincenzo Natali or Leigh Jason?
Vincenzo Natali
What country does Florida Board of Regents and State University System of Florida have in common?
United States
Tadesse Meskela is the General Manager of the Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union an was featured in a documentary film released in what year?
2006
Where was the Hockey League which drafted Niclas Bergfors based?
Newark, New Jersey
In which year did the team that Jonathan Spector joined in 2006 move to its new home ?
2016
Ivano Bonetti (born 1 August 1964 in Brescia) is an Italian football manager and former midfielder, he appeared for the English club, Grimsby Town Football Club is a professional football club based in the town of Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire, England, that competes in what?
League Two
Which person included in the label 300 Entertainment has a debut single "Trap Queen?"
Fetty Wap
Whitechapel is a series that depicted a killer who was copying the actions of which unidentified serial killer?
Jack the Ripper
What star of the 1994 film Krantiveer was born January 1, 1951?
Nana Patekar
Who publishes a horror game with protagonist Ellie?
Sony Interactive Entertainment
Federalist No. 7 was written by which of the Founding Fathers?
Alexander Hamilton
Which song is sampled in "Sugar", a song from the 2015 album of the same name by Robin Schulz?
Suga Suga
Which band was discovered by the man that recruited Peter Brown for their management team?
the Beatles
Which is a correspondent for NBC, Janet Shamlian or Mia Tyler?
Janet Shamlian
Who is older, Rohan Bopanna or Sherwood Stewart?
Sherwood Stewart
What was the number one single by the band that features a lead singer who won the season finale of a television reality game show that premiered in 2010 on NBC?
Every Rose Has Its Thorn
Which racing circuit is the venue for the FIA Formula One Canadian Grand Prix and is home to the first formula one race won by a black driver?
Circuit Gilles Villeneuve
What William Shakespeare play was written in 1599 and based on true events in Roman history?
Julius Caesar
What year saw the opening of the canal that runs thorough the western side of Little Bollington?
1761
This voice actor stared as Hanna-Barbera's cartoon character Space Ghost in its American adult animated parody talk show?
George Edward Lowe
Henry Gabriel Cisneros followed what Texas Revolutionary figure as a Latino mayer of a major American city?
Juan Nepomuceno Seguín
What hip hop group from Hollis, Queens, New York, founded in 1981 by Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and Jason Mizell, was brought out by  the first rap crew from Dallas, Texas?
Run-D.M.C.
Jimmy Rooney was on the Australia national soccer team and a member of what?
1974 World Cup squad
At what school is the "A Real Young Girl" director a professor at?
European Graduate School
How did the first movie of the series that spawned Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds do internationally?
It performed disappointingly
In what year was the 1958 movie starring Sofia Costanza Brigida Villani Scicolone set?
1941
Do both The Life and Times and Beth Orton originate from America?
no
How tall is a Struthio camelus?
2.75 m
Was Winnie the Pooh or The Jungle Book released first?
The Jungle Book
Which child actress began her career in 2006 and also stared in the television series The Emperor: Owner of the Mask?
Kim So-hyun
Silver City is a band that is an example of which genre, also known as avant-rock?
Experimental rock
Return to House on Haunted Hill is a sequel to a 1999 horror film directed by whom?
William Malone
Who is younger, Yevgeny Kafelnikov or Allan Stone?
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Kafelnikov
What were the Royal Navy Battleships, that were considered the first fast battleships and were used in WWI and WWII?
Queen Elizabeth"-class battleships
Harvey Milk is an American experimental rock/noise rock band that formed in Athens, Georgia in the early 1990s, one April Fool's Day gig at the 40 Watt in Athens, they performed R.E.M.'s "Reckoning" album from beginning to end, while which American singer, songwriter, musician, film producer, music video director, visual artist, and philanthropist, was in attendance?
Michael Stipe
What was the name of the Mafia faction headed by the person responsible for the assassination of Placido Rizzotto?
Corleonesi
What American composer who won the National Medal of Arts in 2007, also taught American composer Gregg Wager?
Morten Lauridsen
Who is the director of the upcoming Candian drama film in which the actress who made her film début as the love interest in Wes Anderson's "The Darjeeling Limited" is starring?
Xavier Dolan
What american actor who was in the film Like Mike, also played in 2012 American military science fiction action film loosely based on the board game of the same name?
Jesse Lon Plemons
What year did Pietro Ferrero introduce his famous hazelnut cocoa product?
1965
What country do both Kevin Kennerley and Nantwich Town F.C. have in comman
England
What were the professions of the host of the documentary "Anti-Semitism in the 21st Century: The Resurgence"?
journalist and writer.
What was the original name of the gazette that publishes Lytham St Annes Express?
The West Lancashire Evening Gazette
Derrick Delite's rap was featured on the remix and video version of a song by an American singer that  began her career as a cheerleader for who?
Los Angeles Lakers
Who has a wider scope of profession, Natalie Merchant or Marian Gold?
Natalie Anne Merchant
Who directed the 2017 film in which Kim Hyang-gi starred?
Lee Na-jeong
Where did Auguste von Müller play Dalila in 1877?
Grossherzogliches (Grand Ducal) Theater
Who won the Super Bowl that Big Bad Voodoo Daddy performed at the half-time show?
Denver Broncos
John D. Rockefeller III was the older brother of which chief executive of Chase Manhattan Corporation?
David Rockefeller
What member of Slam Creepers made a version of “Hooked on a Feeling”
Björn Skifs
Héctor Canziani  is best known for his directorship and production of the 1950 tango dancing film Al Compás de tu Mentira based on a play by a writer who passed away in which year ?
1900
Which episode of the HBO series that premiered on June 2, 2002 was written by Eric Overmyer ?
Misgivings
In what year did the railroad that built the High Bridge cease to operate?
1996
Walls Have Eyes was produced by a member of what band?
the Bee Gees
In which state is the Seattle Redhawks women's basketball team found?
Washington
Did the band Saosin form before the band No Devotion?
yes
What was the nationality of the defending champion at the Men's Singles tournament of the 2013 BWF World Championships?
Chinese
Who is the founder and head of brewing company based in Milton, Delaware?
Sam Calagione
Which form of plant is only found in Australia, Hakea or Blechnum?
Hakea
Which American actor, performance artist, and filmmaker directed  an American short slasher film That was released on October 31, 2011?
Shia LaBeouf
The Single Guy is an American television sitcom that ran for two seasons on NBC, from September 1995 to April 1997, the series starred Ming-Na Wen as Sam's wife, Ming-Na Wen is an American actress, born when?
November 20, 1963
In which decade was the Ivel Z3 and the Prológica CP-400 developed in?
developed by Ivasim in 1980s
Stagger Lee was developed in collaboration with the school of arts at what university founded in 1911?
Southern Methodist University
King of Queens is the debut studio album by Nigerian singer Yemi Alade, it features guest appearances and skits from which Ghanaian hip hop and hiplife duo from Tema made up of Faisal Hakeem "(Paedae da Pralem/Omar Sterling)", and Rashid Mugeez "(Mugeez)"?
R2Bees
Which album from the band with singer, rhythm guitarist and songwriter Ric Ocasek, singer and bassist Benjamin Orr, lead guitarist Elliot Easton, keyboardist Greg Hawkes and drummer David Robinson included the song "I'm Not the One"?
"Shake It Up"
The Curzon Ashton L.F.C. consists of which gender?
Ladies
Where does Irina Peltsin's character live in the show "The Sopranos"?
New Jersey
What network did the 2003 animated television show voiced by Jim Conroy air on?
NBC's Discovery Kids
What country was Daniel Awde born in?
United Kingdom
Which American singer appeared in music videos for R&B group B2K and also featured on the mixtape Detroit by American rapper Big Sean? 
Jhené Aiko
Yang Yun-ho has directed the 2004 South Korean film based on which Japanese book?
Karate Baka Ichidai
Who is the half-brother of the man whose mother was also known as M. Bible?
William "Bill" Murray
Which British aristocrat and politician born in 1945 served as the Chairman of the Council of King's College London before Christopher Geidt?
Duke of Wellington
Which novelist, Raymond Queneau or Peter Straub, has received the Bram Stoker Award?
Peter Francis Straub
Which film was produced first, Gay Sex in the 70s or Listen to Britain?
Listen to Britain
When was the Commissioner and former Governor of South Australia born who was also chancellor of the University of Adelaide?
4 May 1952)
In what year was the founder of 'the Chess Player's Chronicle' born?
1810
Duke is a fictional character who is portrayed by an actor who made his film debut in what 2005 film?
Coach Carter
Marguerite Coppin was a pioneer in women's rights along with the activist and suffragette leader of what nationality?
British
The 1981 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the largest university in which system?
the University of Nebraska system
Who was born first, Yakov Protazanov or Cynthia Mort?
Yakov Alexandrovich Protazanov
Which film came out later, Pocahontas or The Game Plan?
The Game Plan
What series does the American character actor best-known for playing General Hammond star in the first episode?
Twin Peaks
Buck Barrow is married to what fringe member of Bonnie and Clyde's gang born in 1911
Blanche Barrow
The End is an EP by English heavy metal band Black Sabbath, released on which date, it was only available at dates on their final tour The End Tour, the farewell tour of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath?
January 20, 2016
Which actress in "Raja Rajendra" was also in "Drishyam"?
Ishita Dutta
Heinrick Palmgren hosts a show called Red Ice Radio, which has featured David Of me. In what year was David Of me born?
1952
Who did Rayan Potter voice in Disney's 54th animated feature film?
Hiro Hamada
What genre are both Giant Drag and Chagall Guevara?
rock
Which financial service is headquartered in North Carolina, Jefferies Group or Bank of America?
Bank of America
Which lead actor from the movie Vox populi was born on 17 January 1980 ?
Tara Elders
Dicksboro is located Kilkenny which is administered buy a borough with a population of how much?
8,711
The Menu television series stars among others, Noel Leung, a Hong Kong actress known for her roles in what?
TVB television
What sport are Mary-Ann Eisel and Christo van Rensburg known for playing?
tennis player
The Washington Bullets player who missed the entire 1991-1992 season with a right knee injury was born in what year?
1956
How much money did the Oshoites borrow in 1885 from Helen Byron?
US$300,000
Savenac Nursery was created by Elers Koch, of the Forest Service, who also helped fight the Great Fire of 1910, commonly referred to as the Big Blowup, the Big Burn, or what?
the Devil's Broom fire
Will Penny was a western starring the actor and activist of what nationality?
American
Ho Mann Jahaan is a  2016 coming-of-age drama film with dialogues by a Pakistani actor from where?
Islamabad
What is the name of the former hotel in the Alps now used as an environmental research station which lies at the summit of the Zugspitze in Germany?
Schneefernerhaus
How many doors was the hatchback introduced in late 2000 by BMW in the former Morris plant?
three-door
Marley Shelton had a role in the coming-of-age baseball film directed by whom?
David M. Evans
In 2009, what 636000 sqft shopping mall connected to Caesars Palace was ranked as America's most profitable by US News & World Report
The Forum Shops at Caesars
Battle Born Studios is located in the unincorporated town that is part of what county?
Clark County
When was the English actress, writer, and comedian born who was a star in Girls on Top and in French and Saunders?
11 October 1957
Mandaluyong includes a shopping mall that is located in what shopping center?
Ortigas Center
Earl Dibbles Jr recorded a song titled Backroad Song which is included on which album?
Remington
Excuse My French was the debut album that features a guest appearance by the American rapper and actor from what Ohio city?
Cleveland
The Silver Nugget is a casino and arena located in a city that was incorporated on what date?
May 16, 1946
What was the 2010 population of Sarah Beth James's hometown?
24,841
Henry Ephraim Robins the the eighth President of a college in a state with what capital?
Augusta
Who wrote the screenplay for the American psychological thriller film in which Kimberly Beck played a role?
Jay Presson Allen
What multinational medical device, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886 is a notable client of global management consulting girm Amritt?
Johnson & Johnson
In addition to cooked and mashed beans accompanying Huevos a la mexicana what food is mixed in the eggs at the end of preparation? 
coriander leaves
Across the Moon stars Christina Applegate and another actress born in which year ?
1959
Are both Bunchosia and Onoclea genus of plants?
yes
In what year was the US naval gun designed for the battleships to help Argentina counter Brazil's two "Minas Geraes"- class battleships?
1910
Who founded both the Sapling Foundation and Future Publishing?
Chris Anderson
Which film director directed the internet video serial "God, Inc.", Roman Karmen or Francis Stokes?
Francis Stokes
Which director has won more Canadian Screen Awards, Sidney Olcott or Denis Villeneuve?
Denis Villeneuve
What is the nickname of the head coach on whose team Bill Walton played in the early 1970s?
Wizard of Westwood
Are Robin Hobb and Winston Churchill both American writers?
no
What actress was in both the films "Happy Mother's Day, Love George" and "The Day the Earth Stood Still"?
Patricia Neal
Which of the two Soviet mathematicians was born first, Alexander Gelfond or Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov?
Alexander Osipovich Gelfond
The Tri-City ValleyCats play at which stadium located on the campus of Hudson Valley Community College in Troy, New York?
Joseph L. Bruno Stadium
Who was hired in April 2010 to replace former head coach Cindy Stein of the team that lost in the second round of the SEC Women's Tournament to Auburn?
Robin Pingeton
Who won more competitions in tennis match, Dick Crealy or Mary Pierce?
Mary Pierce
Where is the headquarter of an American restaurant holding company who's chairman and chief executive officer was Jon L. Luther?
Canton, Massachusetts
What American businessman and guided the character Epick Mickey?
Bob Iger
Dicksonia and Hardenbergia, are found in Australia?
no
When was the fort commanded by George Armistead during the Battle of Baltimore first built?
1798
What occupation did Anja Salomonowitz and Wendy Toye share?
film director
Joseph Ward and Michael Tippett are both of what decent?
English
Buck Wolf is a former fashion editor from what weekly celebrity magazine?
Us Weekly
What Teaneck, NJ headquartered the multinational corporation featuring Betsy Atkins on the Board of Directors?
Cognizant
when was the American football player who starred in  Victor/Victoria born 
July 15, 1935
What is the name of a district of Buenos Aires, Argentina and the southernmost barrio in Capital Federal, and contains the Autódromo Juan y Oscar Gálvez, home of the Argentine Grand Prix, a round of the Formula One championship?
Villa Riachuelo
What is the name of the baseball park located in the historic warehouse distric of downtown Minneapolis and is home of the Minnesota Twins?
Target Field
"Lost in Space" aired on Fox's programming block on which day of the week?
Sunday
What is the birth date of a man who was presented with a performance that took place took place June 16, 1992, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center?
January 27, 1948
The AXIS is located in a casino that is owned and operated by who?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
Walkin' is the debut mini-album by which South Korean singer-songwriter and record producer?
Shin Su-ran
Were the bands  OK Go and The New Pornographers formed in the same city?
no
Cabalva made three voyages for which English and British joint-stock company?
East India Company
New Hampshire Route 31 begins in which Hillsborough County, New Hampshire town?
Mason
Who directed the film that Amanda Brooks starred in in 2007?
Shim Hyung-rae
Which Indian political party represented in the Indian vice-presidential election, 2012 has Narenda Modi as its leader?
National Democratic Alliance
The 2014–15 Kilmarnock F.C. season ended with a loss to what Glasgow-based team?
Rangers Football Club
Christelyn Karazin is an American writer, columnist, and blogger on the subject of interracial dating, particularly black women dating outside their race, she has written for which digital magazine, an American weekly marketed toward African-American readers, it was founded in 1951 by John H. Johnson of the Johnson Publishing Company in Chicago, Illinois?
Jet
 Argent Corporation was a company in Las Vegas that at one time controlled a hotel that operated when?
from 1956 to 1996
Xiaogan and Datong, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
Which contains more species, Stigmaphyllon or Aloe?
Aloe
By whom is employed now Sean McDonough who used to be a broadcaster partner of Peter Joseph Cronan, a former American football linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and the Seattle Seahawks?
ESPN
Kuk Harrell won his fourth Grammy for the song by Rihanna from what album?
Loud
Ken Lee is a businessman who co-founded a retailing company that is specialized in which products ?
consumer electronics, computer and telecommunication goods
Jessica Knappett (born 1984) is an English comedy writer and actress, known for playing Lisa in The Inbetweeners Movie, a British coming-of-age comedy film based on the E4 sitcom "The Inbetweeners", written by series creators Damon Beesley, and Iain Morris and directed by Ben Palmer, released in what year>
2011
The Making of the Representative for Planet 8 features an empire named after a star in what constellation?
Carina
Luke Day was known for his leadership role in an armed uprising in Massachusetts that ended in what year?
1787
Which band was formed earlier, Marilyn Manson or Walk the Moon?
Marilyn Manson
What nationality were both Richard Llewellyn and Saki? 
British
A Lady's Morals starred which English aviator and amateur boxing champion?
Reginald Denny
Which geologic formation is found in the northern edge of Patagonia?
Portezuelo Formation
what chain of British department stores was built in 1961?
Lewis's
In between Splash and Son of Flubber, which one was directed by Ron Howard?
Splash
Who is the cinematographer for the 1998  Indian romantic thriller film in the backdrop of insurgency in Northeast India, written and directed by Mani Ratnam, and produced by Mani Ratnam, Ram Gopal Varma, and Shekhar Kapur?
Deep Pal
Hiwassee Dam is the third highest dam in the TVA system, behind the hydroelectric dam in what two North Carolina counties as the highest?
Swain and Graham
Closer to the Sun is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Guy Sebastian, released on 28 October 2006 by Sony BMG Australia, some tracks that appear on the album were premiered at the free concert, on 27 September 2006, at Federation Square,  a mixed-use development in the inner city of Melbourne, it is located at the intersection of Flinders Street and Swanston Street/St Kilda Road in the city's Central Business District, adjacent which location?
Flinders Street railway station
 Christmas Bounty is a 2013 television film that stars an American actress who is most notable for her role in what?
The Secret Life of the American Teenager
Which nation shares Hispaniola with the country the United States intervened with, after which The Inter-American Peace Force (IAPF) was established?
Haiti
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is a 1986 American psychological horror crime film, the characters of Henry and Otis are loosely based on real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and which American drifter and serial killer who was convicted of six counts of murder?
Ottis Toole
The Battle of Tornavento was a feature of the Thirty Years' War, a religious conflict across which continent?
Europe
Where in England does Maxime Teremoana "Max" Crocombe play football? 
Greater Manchester
Are Youssef Chahine and Gordon Douglas both directors?
yes
The Palais Theater is located in what inner suburb, whose local government area is the City of Port Philip?
St Kilda
In which sitcom did future hobbit and sleuth's assistant Martin Freeman make his name?
The Office
A mythical forest creature that is seductive and from Sweden has the same being as what divine figure?
Huld
What level of education does Ateneo de Davao University offer that the University of Minnesota does not?
a grade school and high school
Afghan Hound and Rhodesian Ridgeback, are a type of which animal?
dog
What is the chemical formula of the kind of ash of which Middlewich Folk and Boat Festival celebrates the raw materials needed for the manufacturing?
NaCO
Who was the coach who left for Milan the same year that the first golden goal scorer was topscorer for Udinese Calcio?
Alberto Zaccheroni
What is a unit of measurement used in tabletop role-playing games to quantify a player character's progression through the game , used in the game that revolves around a leader who must lead an army in phalanx formation across a battlefield in real-time against overwhelming enemy forces while freeing and recruiting soldiers along the way?
experience point
"Happy Birthday to You", more commonly known as simply "Happy Birthday", is a song that is traditionally sung to celebrate the anniversary of a person's birth, the melody, comes from the song "Good Morning to All", which has traditionally been attributed to American sisters Patty and who, which was an American songwriter and musicologist?
Mildred J. Hill
Are Phacelia and Nymphaea both types of plants?
yes
On which stock exchange does the makers of Panadol night have a primary listing?
the London Stock Exchange
Where did the band that Billy Ray Latham joined in 1974 come from ?
Salem, Missouri,
What sport are both the 2015 City of Onkaparinga ATP Challenger and Happy Valley, South Australia known for?
tennis
Who directed the 2017 Indian thriller film starring two Filmfare award-winning actor from films such as "Border" (1997) and "Gandhi, My Father" (2007)?
Ravi Udyawar
What Canadian actor starred in Freeloaders?
Dave Foley
Come and Get It: The Best of Apple Records included recordings produced by the guitarist who had what nickname?
the quiet Beatle
Spaceballs, a 1987 American film, starred which actor that was best known for his role in "Eight is Enough"?
Dick Van Patten
Composer George Frideric Handel  played the glockenspiel and was influenced by what composers?
Italian Baroque
Cornell Iral Haynes Jr. had released how many studio albums as of 2013?
seventh
When was the military branch, for which Christian Roy Kaldager served, established?
10 November 1944
If you use the lyrics from Tom Lehrer and the tune of Major-General's Song The Pirates of Penzance, what list will you be able to recite?
all the chemical elements
Gareth Lewis's second short starred an actor best known for his roles in what Alan Bennett play?
The History Boys
 KBSO broadcasts a subgenre of American country music known for fusing what ?
traditionalist root sounds (similar to neotraditional country) with the outspoken, care-free views of outlaw country
In what country was John Howe a college chaplain?
Ghana
Kevin Quinn starred in a Disney channel series which was a spinoff of what show?
Jessie
What town in Mineral County is part of the area that Republican legislator Nicholas Schaderer represents?
Superior
Vincent Knesevich de Szent-Helena had troops march into the County of Tyrol in 1805 but what year was it crowned land of Austria-Hungary?
1867
Was Syd Barrett or Nate Albert born first?
Roger Keith "Syd" Barrett
This biographical crime film is fictionally based on the criminal career of an American former drug trafficker, who operated in what city?
Harlem
Who co-authored a 2003 biography of Muhammad Ali along with Don Atyeo, in which chapter on Ali's fight with a two-time world heavyweight champion and an Olympic gold medalist has been described as "an absolute classic"?
Felix Dennis
The professional ice hockey league that the Peoria Rivermen are part of is based in what state?
North Carolina
In which city is Swinburne University of Technology, home of the Centre for Astrophysics and Supercomputing?
Melbourne
The Ghost and Mrs. Muir was a film that was created by the studios located in what area of Los Angeles?
Century City
Who was a member of the IO theater and the host of a CBS talk program? 
Stephen Colbert
What is the book series, written by Cecily von Ziegesar, that the character Eric van der Woodsen appears in?
Gossip Girl
In what year did Frederick Chesson meet the author of "Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl"?
1858
NBA Access with Ahmad Rashad, an American sportscaster (mostly with NBC Sports) and former professional football player, is an American television program which initially aired on Saturday afternoons on which channel?
ABC
Which album came after "The Dutchess"?
"Double Dutchess"
Who died at an earlier date, H. P. Lovecraft or Timothy Leary?
Howard Phillips Lovecraft
In which American space drama film did Clint Eastwood star with the actor who played Bret Maverick in the 1950s western comedy series "Maverick"?
Space Cowboys
Which director did sound engineer Joseph Geisinger work with to be nominated for an Academy Award?
Sam Raimi
What's the difference between Texas Monthly nd Lucky?
first published in 2000
Moscow Water Dog and Bavarian Mountain Hound, are a breed of what?
dog
What actor in the Calendar Girl Murders was born in March?
Sharon Stone
Sandy Fox was a voice actress in King of the Hill, what else do they have in common?
American
Comedian Frank Gorshin was a member of The Kopykats, a group of comedians on which television variety show in 1972?
The ABC Comedy Hour
The short story from The Wind’s Twelve Quarters that won the Hugo Award in 1974 was published in what year?
1973
The winner of the first season of "Next Great Baker" would win an apprenticeship at the bakery owned by who?
Buddy Valastro
Alberto Noguera Ripoll plays for a team based in the autonomous community of?
the Region of Murcia
King of the Jungle was a song written by the girl group formed in what city in 1981?
London
What album, produced by John Leckie and engineered by Nigel Godrich, features artwork by the same person who did the artwork for another of the band's albums, Johnny Greenwood is the Controller?
The Bends
In what city was the theme park located that ran along the interstate that runs between Interstate 70 and Interstate 35 in Kansas?
Park City
Which English stage and film actress, born in 1981, starred as a ghost in the British supernatural comed-drama television series Being Human
Andrea Riseborough
What division is the most decorated in the US Army and commands the polish task force?
1st Cavalry Division
The band that produced the live album Return to Paradise is from what city?
Chicago
Ashley Hicks' mother is a great niece of what Empress of Russia?
Alexandra Feodorovna
What position does Hank Aaron, guest star of  "A Leela of Her Own", currently hold with the Atlanta Braves?
senior vice president
Robinson's Onion grows in Ferry County in a specific state; what is the capital of that state?
Olympia
What year was Rush's album released containing the track "The Twilight Zone"?
1976
Adrienne Maloof was a businesswoman who is part of a family from what city?
Las Vegas, Nevada
What is the birthday of the man who asked Andrés Thomas "Why would you even throw him a strike?"
April 2, 1945
When did the Soviet composer of French language title L'amour des trois oranges die?
5 March 1953
Svetlana Germanovna Parkhomenko, is a retired Soviet and Russian tennis player and tennis coach, she's the bronze medalist in women's and mixed doubles, in which titled event that took place in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada between July 1 and 12, 1983?
1983 Summer Universiade
What reality show did the co-hosts of the 2014 Much Music Video Awards star in?
Keeping Up with the Kardashians
What Republican previously served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and was elected in 2008 to the U.S. House of Representatives?
Erik Paulsen
Mick Napier has directed the host of which satirical Comedy Central program?
The Colbert Report
Do the documentaries Traceroute and War/Dance have the same director?
no
Who owns a mall in Youngstown, Ohio with a BAM! store?
Cafaro Company
Meirchion Gul was a King of which Brittonic-speaking region of Northern England and Southern Scotland?
Rheged
A character named Lance Rocke appeared in a 1970 film co-written by Russ Meyer and what other person?
Roger Ebert
The 1983–84 New York Knicks season included the retired basketball player at small forward who played a total of how many seasons?
14
What is the nickname of the first baseman who was traded by the Padres in 2010?
A-Gon
Who was born earlier, Gerina Dunwich or Erich Maria Remarque?
Erich Maria Remarque
When was the first solo art exhibition of the author of the book Comet in Moominland ? 
1943
Who was born first, Pavel Alexandrov or Grigory Margulis?
Pavel Sergeyevich Alexandrov
Did The Threepenny Opera and Macbeth have the same writers?
no
Are Dan McCafferty and Eddie Vedder both singers?
yes
Andrea Albert Pierre Casiraghi, is the elder son of Caroline, Princess of Hanover, and her second husband Stefano Casiraghi, and is the eldest grandchild of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco, and which American actress, who became Princess of Monaco after marrying Prince Rainier III, in April 1956?
Grace Kelly
Copenhagen Consensus was conceived by the author and visiting professor at what college?
Copenhagen Business School
What type of media does Seed of Chucky and Child's Play 3 have in common?
film
University of Maryland, College Park is the largest university in that state. In what state is Rutgers University the largest institution for higher learning ? 
New Jersey
The European Democrat Union includes the members whose ideology includes which ideology that is mostly based on ethical liberalism?
Liberal conservatism
What is a 2005 French-British computer-animated adventure fantasy film based on the television series "The Magic Roundabout, that had an English film and television actor well known as a voice over actor ? 
The Magic Roundabout
When did the coach of the Karachi Kings finish his time as coach of the Australia national cricket team ?
23 June 2013.
Extinction stars which Australian model and actress?
Emma Booth
In 2010 what was the population of the city in which the radio station WBZW is located ?
41,496
What band is Dimebag Darrell's brother best known for co-founding?
Pantera
Who principally owns the parent company of Hindustan Zinc Limited  ?
Anil Agarwal
Whitey Hilcher played for a baseball team that joined the National League (NL) in what year?
1890
Who was born more recently, Dean Koontz or A. E. Housman?
Dean Ray Koontz
What American actor and writer born September 10, 1969 is starred in the 2008 film Quarantine?
Johnathon Schaech
Steven Ernest "Steve" Sailer is an American journalist, blogger, and movie critic, a columnist for which online magazine of politics and culture published by the Greek paleoconservative journalist and socialite Taki Theodoracopulos?
Taki's Magazine
Which breed of dog is extinct, the Bracco Italiano or the St. John's water dog?
St. John's water dog
In what year was the author of the book series which had the character Opal Koboi born?
1965
Keith County, Nebraska is located over what 174000 sq mi aquifer?
Ogallala Aquifer
How many Americans are of the decent in which Peter L. Jensen is?
1,500,000
In which city was the composer of "Prima la musica e poi le parole" born?
Legnago
"The Little Sisters of Eluria" was included in which American author's collection "Everything's Eventual" ?
Stephen King
Who owns the upscale shopping mall known for luxury retail on Florida State Road 922?
Whitman family
Which boy band that was formed in Orlando, Florida in 1995 was featured on the soundtrack to the film "Light It Up"?
NSYNC
Edward Scobie is best known for research he did in which african immagrants in Europe are born from where?
born in Africa or are of African descent
Celeborn, is a fictional character in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium, Celeborn is an Elf, and the husband of who?
Galadriel
Which artist is in more bands, Stacey McClean or Hansi Kürsch?
Hansi Kürsch
Do we know for a fact that Alfred L. Werker directed more films than Jon Jost?
no
What year was the mother of Masako, Crown Princess of Japan born?
1934
Julian Marley is a believer in what religion that was developed in Jamaica?
Rastafari
Who has spent more time in the heavy metal music industry, Kevin DuBrow or Lance King?
Lance King
When was the American entrepreneur and venture capitalist born who created the Thiel Fellowship?
October 11, 1967
Deliver Us From Evil explores the life of what Irish priest who raped, molested and abused at least 25 children in what state?
California
When was the Australian radio and television presenter who was part of the host for 1 vs. 100 born? 
29 October 1964
Baseball All-Star Bo Jackson and Craig Erickson were both drafted twice in the NFL Draft. What team do they have in common?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
What song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna was written by Corey Chorus?
"Cheers (Drink to That)"
What was the nickname of the Brazilian heiress that signed the Lei Aurea?
"the Redemptress"
Katherine Bailess acted in what series that was originally title Bounce?
Hit the Floor
Kurt Julian Weillwas a German composer, active from the 1920s in his native country, and in his later years in the United States, with Brecht, he developed productions such as his best-known work, the Threepenny Opera is a "play with music" by Bertolt Brecht and who, adapted from John Gay's 18th-century English ballad opera, "The Beggar's Opera"?
Elisabeth Hauptmann
What cast member of "All That" is known for playing a talk show host on the recurring SNL sketch "What Up with That?"?
Kenan Thompson
Ubaydallah ibn Abdallah ibn Tahir was the last major Tahirid to hold high office in what dynasty?
Tahirid dynasty
Are Robert Florey and Geoff Murphy both in the film-making profession?
yes
Consider the eccentric Knoxville businessman with whom George Roby Dempster often staged politcal battles. In what year were they born?
1902
Eric Dane co-starred in a film directed by who? 
Garry Marshall
What secret program involved Georg von Tiesenhausen?
Operation Paperclip
What is included in the complex where the play Punk Rock was premiered?
the Royal Exchange Theatre and the Royal Exchange Shopping Centre.
Are eith Nicotiana or Encyclia genus of pine trees?
no
Are both documentary films The One Percent and Air Force, Incorporated from the same country?
no
Vaishali Samant appears on the soundtrack of a film directed by which person?
Manoj Kotian
X Marks the Spot was presented by the author and travel writer of what nationality?
English
which former lawyer previously held the seat held by Yuh-Line Niou
Sheldon Silver
Where is the football club that Michael Langer plays for originally from?
Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia
David Bell was a third baseman for which team?
Indians
Though Cherrie Ireland was born in Darwin, the capital city of the Northern Territory of Australia, she was on holiday in which city when she became paralysed by polio?
Melbourne
Which American actor and writer produced To Be or Not to Be
Mel Brooks
The artist Mathangi "Maya" arulpragasm's song Bad Girls once appeared on what free online mixtape?
Vicki Leekx
Are The Cribs and Mad Season from the same country?
no
Hurricane Beulah was the second tropical storm, second hurricane, and only major hurricane during which was the first Atlantic hurricane season to be included in the satellite era?
1967 Atlantic hurricane season
What is the former leader of the school of Soviet and Russian humorists's son the head of?
Moscow Satyricon Theatre
What was the population of the town where The Boulder Dam Hotel is located?
15,023
How many awards did the alphabetically first animator of The Country Cousin receive?
over 80
Rubi Lira Miranda Palmieri was born in a city whose name honors what Apostle?
Saint Paul of Tarsus
Are both Mariqueen Maandig and Pelle Almqvist from the same country?
no
What is the title of Erika Mitchell's novel that reached number 1 on the "USA Today" best seller list?
Fifty Shades Darker
Does the London Avenue Canal or  Riverside Canal run through the 4th ward?
London Avenue Canal
What was the school at a university in South Carolina that had a dean born in 1930?
School of Fine Arts
What is the name of Robert Dr Niros characters wife?
Ruth Madoff
A 1991 TV film starring an Irish born actress known for her role as Detective Sergeant Jane Penhaligon in Cracker, was based on a novel by what author?
Catherine Cookson
When was the singer who performed "I Should Be So Lucky" born? 
28 May 1968
Grassmann's law is named after a linguist born in which year ?
1809
Julien Duvivier and Andrew Adamson, have which occupation in common?
film director
Which of the movie in which Christian Slater starred was produced by Mark Gordon?
Hard Rain
When was the writer of the book She Walks These Hills born?
February 26, 1948
Rómulo Gallegos and Louis Bromfield, have a writing related occupation?
yes
"Bye Bye Bye" is a song by American boy band NSYNC, formed in Orlando, Florida in which year?
1995
Who created the National Gas Turbine Establishment and was credited with inventing the turbujeet engine?
Frank Whittle
Baga Sola is home to Chadians who fled a group who also refers to themselves as what?
al-Wilāya al-Islāmiyya Gharb Afrīqiyyah
Which footballing city beat the Netherlands in the 1974 FIFA World Cup Final?
Munich
The Mazda Roadpacer AP (Anti Pollution) is a full-size sedan that was sold by Mazda in Japan, it was introduced to compete with sedans, such as which large four-door limousine, produced mainly for the Japanese market?
Toyota Century
Of the two Universities, University of Wisconsin–Madison or University of Kansas, is located on Mount Oread?
University of Kansas
Hiroshi Hase is a the Minister of Education under which Liberal Democratic Party President?
Shinzō Abe
the rest of Shabbethai Donnolo's family was carried to what location that is over 2700 years old?
Palermo
Which device can air TVPlayer channels for free and allows users to play using a remote?
Amazon Fire TV
Guadarrama National Park and Teide National Park, are both national parks, in which country?
Spain
David Knox is the former Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of a company owned predominantly by nationals of which country ?
Australia
Kelly Fu Ka Lei is a Hong Kong-German actress and model born in Hong Kong, which class of names, are used by those from that location?
Chinese name
Evan Mecham was given a nickname of a man who was born in what year?
1907
What English operatic tenor sang the duet "O soave fanciulla " from Puccini's opera "La bohème" with Mary Plazas?
Peter Auty
This fast-food restaurant company was spun off from an American fast food company which was formerly named what?
Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc.
What was the nationality of the singer and co-writer of "Mr. Pitiful"?
American
One of John Candy's most renouwned onscreen performances was as Dell Griffith in an American comedy film from what year?
1987
What do Freedomland U.S.A. and Baychester both have in common?
formerly home to the amusement park
Which is a perennial plant, Chelidonium or Duranta?
Chelidonium
Are The Cure and Headstones from the same country?
no
Where is H. Frank Carey Junior-Senior High School?
Garden City South
What nationality is the author of the book Dark Slayer ?
American
What star of 68 Kill was born 6 March 1997?
Alisha Boe
 Who was a judge on the Sky1 talent show "Got to Dance", and is currently a judge on the British talent show, "Dance Dance Dance"? 
Ashley Banjo
What music subgenre that is influenced a lot by sounds from Texas and Oklahoma does Jason Eady represent?
Texas country music
Scarlet O'Hara won an Academy Award for Gone with the Wind because of her performance in a film based on a book by what author?
A. E. W. Mason
Matthew Perry's co-star in the film "Almost Heroes" appeared in what NBC comedy show?
Saturday Night Live
Where is the company that released Biricodar baseD?
Boston, Massachusetts
Which chalet-style building was demolished when construction began on the seventh Disney Vacation Club resort?
Walt Disney World Conference Center
How many episodes are in the 2014 American documentary about a band who's frontman is Dave Grohl?
eight
The 2003 Austrian Grand Prix was the last Austrian Grand Prix to be held until it returned in 2014 to a motorsport circuit located where?
Spielberg, Styria, Austria
What actor who starred in the film Steptoe and Son Rides Again also played Paul McCartney's grandfather?
Wilfrid Brambell
Which hotel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, US did Beldon Katleman invest in that closed on July 16, 2007?
Frontier Hotel
Anthony Jung currently plays for Brondby on loan from what German association football club that is based in Leipzig, Saxony?
RB Leipzig
What profession does Thornton Wilder and Richard Llewellyn have in common?
novelist
What singer replaced Diana Ross as the lead singer of The Supremes in January of 1970 and provided the lead vocals on the song "You Gotta Have Love in Your Heart" by the Supremes and the Four Tops?
Jean Terrell
The Stranger (Italian: "Lo straniero" ) is a 1967 film by Italian film director Luchino Visconti, based on which 1942 novel, by French author Albert Camus?
L’Étranger
Elmer Lincoln Irey (1888 – July 19, 1948) was a United States Treasury Department official and director of the Internal Revenue Service's lead investigative unit during the federal tax evasion prosecution of Chicago mobster Al Capone, Alphonse Gabriel Capone ( ; ] ; January 17, 1899 – January 25, 1947), sometimes known by the nickname Scarface, was an American mobster, crime boss and businessman who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss, of which organization?
Chicago Outfit
The 2005 Major League Baseball season included a suspension for which retired Cuban American left fielder for steroid use?
Rafael Palmeiro Corrales
The first recording of the Mahler Symphony No. 8 was conducted by which Jewish-Polish-Irish bandleader?
Leopold Anthony Stokowski
Who wrote and directed the 2002 horror film Hunting Humans which was found among the possessions of murderer Adam Leroy Lane?
Kevin Kangas
In which city was this rock band that released the song "Sunday Morning" formed in 1964?
New York City
Who is the boyfriend of the animated female duck voiced by Clarence Nash?
Donald Duck
Which retired British sprint and hurdling track and field athlete appeared on Bigheads?
Kriss Akabusi
The son of the The Marvel Comics Character created by Stan Lee and John Romita Sr in 1967 is what kind of character?
originally a villain
Are University of Minnesota and Baylor College of Medicine located in the same state?
no
Which occupation did Gareth Evans and Michael Winner have in common?
director
Between the Lime and the Exochorda, which can be expected to have more variety between individual plants?
Exochorda
What was the name of the entomologist and grandson of the Scottish-born scientist, inventor, engineer, and innovator who is credited with patenting the first practical telephone?
Alexander Graham Bell Fairchild
Which band For Against or Aaroh was formed first ?
For Against
Who wrote the lyrics of Portofino with a collaborator on "Fiddler on the Roof"
Richard Ney
Which is a higher level city, Yuxi or Lufeng, Guangdong?
Lufeng
Who inspired Megan Hart and wrote the novel The Stand?
Stephen King
When did the magazine Wallace Hester work for run?
1868 to 1914
The Kwahu East District with the capital of Abetifi is in which country?
Ghana
Luis Gianneo was teacher to what composer who died February 18, 2010?
Ariel Ramírez
The elachista canapennella moth is found in this region which name comes from the latin words for Finland and Scandinavian.
Fennoscandia
This catlike alien space pirate is arch enemies to Space Ghost. What is his name?
Brak
Margarita Lozano acted in which movie directed by Claude Berri ?
Manon des Sources
What player won the NBA All-Star Game MVP in 1985 and defeated the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1986 NBA Playoffs?
Ralph Sampson
In which country will you find the county-level city Gaozhou and the Jiangdu District which was formerly a county-level city?
China
Which singer also produced records, Eugene Hütz or Alex Chilton?
Alexander Chilton
What country in the Maghreb region of North Africa has the First Statement Stadium?
Libya
Seinsheim is known for its connection to the family that is extinct save for which Czech family?
House of Schwarzenberg
Paul Auster and Jodi Picoult, have which occupation in common?
writer
Are Marie Fredriksson and Bada both vocalists?
yes
When did the pawn shop, that Richard Benjamin Harrison owns, open?
1989
Live While We're Young is by the English-Irish boy band from what city?
London
Scrabble and Sentinels of the Multiverse, is which form of entertainment?
game
Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse is located at what property that is owned by Landry's, Inc.?
The Golden Nugget Las Vegas
Are Jesus Jones and The 77s both rock bands?
yes
Sarabande and Danse is a ballet made by Jacques d'Amboise to which song, by who?
Debussy
Which Walt Disney production was based on Jules Verne's 1868 novel "Captain Grant's Children," The Misadventures of Merlin Jones or In Search of the Castaways?
In Search of the Castaways
Are Viva and Ainslee's Magazine both periodicals?
yes
"Uncanny X-Men" #94, is a comic book starring the X-Men that was published by Marvel Comics in August 1975, with this issue, the magazine was revived, and all of the original X-Men quit, and are replaced by such "All-New, All-Different" X-Men as Nightcrawler (Kurt Wagner), a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by which company?
Marvel Comics
What year was Spar, the Dutch multinational retail chain served by Connoisseur's Bakery founded?
1932
The scholar who analyzed the Ben Sira scroll added portions to a book of the Bible  written by the author on the inspiration of who?
his father Joshua
Tibbers Castle is to the southeast of a country house in what parts of Scotland?
Dumfries and Galloway
The 1990 European Cup Final was a football match between Milan of Italy and Benfica of Portugal, played on which dater, The winning goal came in the 68th minute for Milan when Alessandro Costacurta passed the ball to Marco van Basten, who slotted it to Frank Rijkaard, who ran through the defense and scored, Franklin Edmundo "Frank" Rijkaard, is a Dutch former footballer and former manager who played as a midfielder or defender?
23 May 1990
Who is the president of Marvel Films and whose productions has a worldwide box office gross of $10 billion?
Kevin Feige
Girls Trip starred which actress who had a regular role on the Oprah Winfrey Network?
Tiffany Sarac Haddish
Are Manuel Orantes and Anna-Lena Grönefeld both tennis players?
yes
The 2013 Indiana Hoosiers football team were lead by which current offensive coordinator at Ohio State?
Kevin Reece Wilson
Who is Victor Li Tzar-kuoi brother and a Hong Kong philanthropist?
Richard Li
Happily was co-written by the One Direction band member who got is debut as a singer for what band?
White Eskimo
What was the nationality of the man who inspired the experimental work of the inventor of Moseley's law
Dutch
Which former Death Row Records co-owner featured Tha Dogg Pound on his 1992 album The Chronic three years before they released their own debut album in 1995?
Dr. Dre
The National Actors Theatre was founded by a man of what nationality?
American
What former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), replaced coach Neil Craig after round 18 of their 21st season?
Mark Bickley
What year was Dražen Dalipagić enshrined into a museum in Springfield, Massachusetts
2004
Which act did the band Twenty Twenty support who began her career starring in the children's television series "Barney & Friends"?
Selena Gomez
The second season of "The Office" was an adaptation of which other network's series?
BBC
in the 1975–76, Seattle SuperSonics lost to a team based in which US state ?
Arizona
Where did the olympic wrestler who defeated Elmadi Zhabrailov later go on to coach wrestling at?
Iowa State University
What date did Bagsecg die?
8 January 871
Miracle is a song by Julian Perretta, that was a collaboration with what Belgian DJ and record producer that is best known for "Are you with me" and "Reality"?
Lost Frequencies
Storm Large tours with a Portland-based band formed in what year?
1994
the 1989 Eurovision Song Contest took place in a city situated on the shores of which lake ?
Lake Geneva
What company owns both Mountain Dew and Tropicana Products?
the Pepsi-Cola company
Turn Coat is the 11th book in a series from which the first novel was published in which year ?
2000
What was the population as of the 2010 census of the city where Elston Hall is located?
66,135
The band Paramore released the song "Playing God" on which album released through Fueled by Ramen?
Brand New Eyes
The quarterback for the 2003 Tennessee Titans also played for what other NFL team?
Baltimore Ravens
What do Alessandro Scarlatti and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov have in common?
composer
From what famous soliloquy is the title What Dreams May Come derived from?
Hamlet's
What television show is the American comedian and actress that starred in a 2016 supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig known for?
Saturday Night Live
Horse Creek begins in which North American mountain range?
Cascade Range
Who has performed with more band, Trey Anastasio or Sarah Nixey?
Trey Anastasio
Raimond Aumann was nicknamed after a character in from a fictional book written by who?
Rudyard Kipling
 Peter Schattschneider is a cientist who has specialized knowledge in the exploration of the interactions of matter and energy across what?
the physical universe
What event kind of event named after a retired professional basketball player and rapper did Gary Owen perform at?
All-Star Comedy Jam Tour
Robert Sikoryak creates comic adaptations of literature classics like Waiting for Godot mixed with Beavis and Butt-Head becoming "Waiting for Go" under which series title?
"Masterpiece Comics"
For which movie did this American singer and actress of stage, film and television who appeared in "Raising Genius" (2004) and "The Music Man" (1962) win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Elmer Gantry
The youngest child of Mangue Cisse plays for what Swiss club?
Yverdon
What 1945-born actor starred in Tulips?
Gabe Kaplan
Debuting in the 2004 American teen musical comedy film Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, Megan Fox went on to co-star in what 2007 blockbuster action film?
Transformers
 The garden city movement is a method of urban planning in which self-contained communities are surrounded by "greenbelts", containing proportionate areas of residences, industry, and agriculture, the idea was initiated in 1898 by Sir Ebenezer Howard, (29 January 1850 – 1 May 1928), the English founder of the garden city movement, is known for his publication, in which year?
1898
What is the name of the sixth studio album by American rapper Future which contains the song titled Selfish?
Hndrxx
The star of the film that includes the song "Man on the Edge" on its soundtrack was born in what year?
1944
By how many days per decade has the melt season lengthened in the shallowest of the world's major oceans?
5 days per decade
Which film did Cliff Potts, and the actor who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Coming Home", both appear in? 
"Silent Running"
What is the name of the 40th president who was in office when the Job Partnership Act of 1982 was passed?
Ronald Reagan
What position does Bob Diaco hold with the football team hat has the most wins and the highest winning percentage of any program over the last 50 years?
defensive coordinator
The 2005 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season, the team was coached by Howard Leslie Schnellenberger, an retired football coach, of which nationality, with long service at both the professional and college levels?
American
What was the name of the downtown sports stadium that the Minnesota Twins played in beginning in 1982?
Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome
"They Saved Lisa's Brain" is the twenty-second episode of "The Simpsons"' tenth season, when which recurring character from the animated television series "The Simpsons", and is voiced by Dan Castellaneta?
Mayor Quimby
Are Puyang and Pu'er City located in the same country?
yes
"Yakety Sax" composer Boots Randolph was part of what musical style group during most of his professional career?
the "Nashville sound"
What is the title of the eighth studio album of the alternative rock/metal band who released the single "Through the Iris" in 2006?
(How to Live) As Ghosts
What scandal did the director of Syrianna direct a movie about in 2016?
the 1993 Bre-X mining scandal
When did the leader of the Confederate Army of Tennessee during Hood's Tennessee Campaign die?
August 30, 1879
Caroline Cruice Goodall, is an English actress and screenwriter, her other film appearances include which 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse, based on the novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham?
The Dressmaker
Which person cited by Pele as the greatest defender he had ever played was part of a British television series first broadcasting on 13 January 2017?
Bobby Moore
Which magazine has a higher circulation, Y'all or Motor Trend?
Motor Trend
Who was born earlier, Roger Taylor or Elizabeth Fraser?
Roger Meddows Taylor
Who directed the British-American black comedy-drama film produced by Ray Stark?
Stanley Kubrick
Are both  Adolfo Bioy Casares and Iris Rainer Dart authors?
yes
What airline headquarted in Immeuble La Rotonde in Douala took over Cameroon Airlines Corporation in March 2008?
Camair-Co
Do Jean-Jacques Beineix and John Ince have the same nationality ?
no
How long is this historic east–west, large-wheeled wagon route and emigrant trail in the United States on whch Barlow Pass is on?
2170 mi
Place Bonaventure is adjacent to a rail station that is used by how many passengers?
Nearly 11 million
Which university was founded earlier, Lehigh University or University of Iowa?
University of Iowa
Daniel Z. Freedman was born in a city that as of 2010 had a population of what?
124,775
Who is the bridge named for that spans the Narrows?
Giovanni da Verrazzano
Osho Times was a monthly magazine in the Hindi and English language on themes related to which spiritual teacher, that spent time in Mumbai initiating followers, and based on his talks?
Rajneesh
Are Monoral and Versus both rock bands?
yes
Are both Die Macher and Quoridor German board games?
no
What disease does Minkowski Prize and Oskar Minkowski have in common?
diabetes
What was the name of the Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won Australia's most prestigious annual Thoroughbred horse race in 1950?
Comic Court
What did the king of England, Scotland and Ireland create in 1652?
The I'Anson Baronetcy of Bassetbury
Joseph Morgan is best known for his roll in what CW show that eventually spun off into "The Originals"?
The Vampire Diaries
Pieter 'Piet' Klijnveld, was a Dutch accountant who started a practice that after several mergers would grow into which professional service company and one of the Big Four auditors, along with Deloitte, Ernst & Young (EY), and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)?
KPMG
Between the Lapageria and Satureja genus, which is the national flower of Chile?
Lapageria
What project did the namesake of 2752 Wu Chien-Shiung work on?
the Manhattan Project
The last champion of the FFB Open was an English professional snooker player from where?
Leicester
What animated car character was voiced by Paul Newman?
Doc Hudson
Cache is a city in Comanche County, Oklahoma, it is the location of Star House, the home of the Comanche chief Quanah Parker, was a Comanche war leader of the Quahadi ("Antelope") band of which people?
Comanche
Are musicians Paul Cotton and Cedric Bixler-Zavala both members of a band?
yes
What team did Boom Boom captain in 2016?
Peshawar Zalmi
Rishabh Shukla, is an Indian film and television actor and a voice-dubbing artist, who speaks Hindi as his mother tongue language, as a Hindi dubbing actor he is most known as the voice of which fictional character and the main antagonist, in J. K. Rowling's series of "Harry Potter" novels?
Lord Voldemort
Where is the American rapper born in 1973 that featured in a guest appearance in The People vs. from?
Detroit, Michigan
Which genus is more spread around the world Maytenus or Eucommia ?
Maytenus
South East Queensland (SEQ) is a bio-geographical, political, and administrative region of the state of Queensland in Australia, the area covered by South East Queensland varies, depending on the definition of the region, though it tends to include Queensland's three largest cities, including which coastal area in the Australian state of Queensland, approximately 66 km south-southeast of the state capital Brisbane and immediately north of the border with New South Wales?
Gold Coast
In what city is the complex uses a corporate organization in which its supply chain is totally owned by the company located?
Dearborn, Michigan
What generic medication is a non-selective betablocker used to treat congestive heart failure?  
Carvedilol
What Swiss agribusiness is a client of Martin Williams Advertising?
Syngenta
When was the  Mexican-American singer, songwriter, rapper, actress and model born who was the vocal for  "Oath"?
March 2, 1997
Which studio released the most recently released between The Shaggy Dog and Frozen 2?
Walt Disney Animation Studios
Are Huai'an and Qian'an, Hebei both Chinese cities?
yes
Does Lüliang or Fuxin have a larger population?
Lüliang
what does The Freedom Force and Isis have in common?
television
When did the football coach, who led the 2004 Oklahoma Sooners team,  announce his retirement?
June 7, 2017
The birth city of Irakli Nasidze lies on the banks of what river?
Kura River
Roark Capital Group is named after what character in the novel "The Fountainhead" who was considered to be the ideal man by the author?
Howard Roark
What is the nationality of this professional footballer who was sold to Chelsea during the 2004–05 Olympique de Marseille season?
Ivorian
Are Shiba Inu and Leonberger both large dog breeds?
no
Tom Lee was defeated for Chief Financial Officer of Florida in 2006 by a politician who lost by what margin in the 2010 Florida gubernatorial election?
1%
Metal band Crown the Empire, whose first album was called Limitless, are from which Texas city?
Dallas
Which city is the third most populated city in Pennsylvania and was apart of the film the Florentine? 
Allentown
The John Coltrane Home is a house in the Dix Hills neighborhood of Huntington, Dix Hills, New York Dix Hills is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) on Long Island in the town of Huntington in Suffolk County, in which country?
United States
which English actor was a supporting cast in Tristan & Isolde
Kevin
Who was a member of more comedy troupes, Doug Langway or Terry Jones?
Terence Graham Parry "Terry" Jones
What time period were people who inspired the Lyoness company trademark originally from?
Iron Age and Medieval Europe
The Waputik Mountains are a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies, named  in 1884 by George M. Dawson, "waputik" is the Stoney Indian word for which white large hoofed mammal endemic to North America?
white goat
What other professional created characters for "The Mooninites" besides the co-creator of "Aqua Teen Hunger Force"?
Dave Willis
is best known for a 2006 British drama film which story centers on young skinheads in England in what year?
1983
What is is a Japanese collectible card game that embody's the art of applying design and aesthetics to create a game for entertainment or for educational, exercise, or experimental purposes and was published by Konami  ?
Yu-Gi-Oh
The Naga Chili, closely related to the Bhut jolokia, also known as ghost pepper, ghost chili, U-morok, red naga, naga jolokia and ghost jolokia, is an interspecific hybrid chili pepper cultivated in the Indian states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland and Manipur, and is closely related to the Naga morich, of which country?
Bangladesh
Night Monster is a 1942 American black-and-white horror film featuring Bela Lugosi, he was a Hungarian-American actor, famous for portraying Count Dracula in the film from which year? 
1931
Fences is a 1985 play by an American playwright who died in what year?
2005
Who is the second youngest cricket captain to play in the 2016 Indian Premier League?
Suresh Raina
The colony Michel Sarrazin immigrated at age 25 to ended with the cession to Great Britain and Spain in what year?
1763
What to Autograph Collector Magazine and Linux Journal have in common?
monthly
What American actor and director starred in a 2002 American drama film directed by Gus Van Sant?
Caleb Casey McGuire Affleck-Boldt
The actor that playe Atticus Finch in the 1962 film "To Kill a Mockingbird" co-starred with Virginia Mayo and Robert Beatty in a 1951 film directed by who?
Raoul Walsh
What star of Common appears in Game of Thrones?
Michelle Fairley
Eric Musselman was an assistant coach for Orlando Magic Under doc rivers and what head coach that led United States men's Olympic basketball team  to the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Chuck Daly
In which state did John Flammang Schrank from New York attempt to assassinate Republican president Theodore Roosevelt in October 1912?
Wisconsin
Where is the public research university which Ottey spent several years coaching in located in 
El Paso, Texas, United States
The Magician's House is a quartet of children's fantasy books by who, the series featured Jennifer Jane Saunders (born 6 July 1958) is an English comedian, screenwriter, and actress?
William Corlett
Harper's Mansion is located in a village that is located along what highway? 
Old Hume Highway
When was the American painter and inventor died who after who's name Morse town named in southern Saskatchewan, Canada?
April 2, 1872
The American attorney, law professor and former member of the Texas House of Representatives who was portrayed by the actress known for "Love Child" (1982), "Places in the Heart" (1984), "Field of Dreams" (1989) and etc., is best known for which U. S. Supreme Court case?
Roe v. Wade
Who produced the movie in which Amr Waked played Pierre Del Rio?
Virginie Besson-Silla
Who was born first, Béla Bartók or Dmitri Shostakovich?
Béla Viktor János Bartók
What was the town that holds the Garth School originally named?
Lebanon
Kevin Bookout played college basketball that plays in which conference ?
the Big 12 Conference
Which actor, who describes himself as an ..."Everyman," wrote the film Above Suspicion? 
was written by William H. Macy
Violent Restitution is the fifth full-length album from the Canadian speed/thrash metal band Razor released in 1988, the album is dedicated to the late Charles Bronson, was an American actor, died on which date?
August 30, 2003
Do the magazines Femina and Take a Break have a similar readership?
yes
In what year was the Korean student scholarship established by South Korean business magnate and the chairman of Samsung Group?
2002
The Alliance Theatre staged its first production, a semi-opera with how many acts, at the Alliance in 1968?
five
Creedence Gold was a compilation album that was of what nationality?
American
Which American record label released the single, "Coffee Shop?"
Bad Boy Records
Le Chatelier's principle is sometimes named after what German inventor, physicist and Nobel laureate in physics? 
Karl Ferdinand Braun
Are Robin White and Kevin Ullyett both former professional tennis players?
yes
Were Lee Ji-hye and Shim Eun-jin in the same band?
no
The Sarah Jane Adventures is a British science fiction television programme, that was produced by BBC Cymru Wales for CBBC, created by which Welsh screenwriter and television producer whose works include "Queer as Folk"?
Russell T Davies
Which origin of werewolf legends was portrayed by Bela Lugosi?
Count Dracula
What is the name of the international exchange program established by this Democrat whom  Charles T. Bernard famously ran against in the Senate race as Republican nominee in 1968?
Fulbright Program
Is the Staffordshire Bull Terrier bigger than the Miniature American Shepherd?
yes
Gabriel Gustafson was in charge of the excavation of what well preserved Viking ship?
Oseberg Ship
Who succeeded 27th Chief of Army Staff Bipin Rawat in the Indian Army to be responsible for operation and army related tasks?
Sarath Chand
What is the capital of the only triply landlocked U.S. state wherein one can find Maianthemum canadense?
Lincoln
What purposes does Adailiya's public works park likely serve?
the distribution of potable water, and to provide emergency storage for fire protection
 In what year did the author who wrote "The 19th Wife" release his novel that was adapted into a Academy Award winning film starring Eddie Redmayne?
2000
What Kind of comapany headquartered in Saint-Denis comprises the technological and commercial institutions of filmmaking?
motion picture company
One of the natives of Reggiolo was last manager of what German football club?
Bayern Munich
 Beverley Knight MBE is an English recording artist heavily influenced by an American singer, songwriter, and what?
entrepreneur
Were both Alexander Hall and Jon Amiel both considered film directors?
yes
The Vengeance of Rome (2006) is a novel by Michael Moorcock, in this novel, Colonel Pyat, an incarnation of the Eternal Champion, goes to Italy and Germany, where he becomes involved in Fascism and Naziism, including sexual encounters with which German military officer and an early member of the Nazi Party?
Ernst Julius Günther Röhm
What county music artist first gained national attention as a winner on "You Can Be a Star" and wen on to provide background vocals in 199 on the 1992 release of the song "Take It Like a Man"?
Lari Michele White
Stephanie Sigman was an actress in the 2015 film produced by which company?
Eon Productions
Are Pylon and Team Sleep experimental bands?
no
The Princess and the Frog starred a man who is best known for playing who? 
Dan Conner
Matt Doheny ran in the Republican primary for New York's 21st congressional district, a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives that is currently represented by who?
Republican Elise Stefanik
Mary Soames' mother was born on what date?
1 April 1885
What character  did a cast member of the Apocalypse series play on The A-Team?
B. A. Baracus
The Fault in Our Stars had a starring role by which actress and activist from San Bernadino County, California?
Shailene Diann Woodley
What is the stage name of the singer who is starring in "The Underdog" alongside Park So-dam and Park Chul-min?
D.O.
What river is the location of the 68th World Science Fiction Convention next to?
Yarra River
What is the alternate translation for the honorary title of which Vladimir Basov and Inna Churikova were both recipients?
National Artist of the USSR
Which company released the movie series starring Adam Herz and David H. Steinberg?
Universal Pictures
What former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent is the film Breach based on?
Robert Philip Hanssen
What was the 2016 population of the county where the National Maritime College of Ireland is located?
542,196
Who was a professor of theology at the University of Leiden as well as a student of Theodore Beza?
Jacobus Arminius
The Kid in a candy store series follows the host of which other show?
FX Movie Download
This song that was released on August 30, 2009, was the fourth single off of the album for what singer who co-produced that album with Nathan Chapman?
Taylor Swift
Edwin Forrest's feud with William Charles Macready was the cause of what event that occurred on May 10, 1849, in Manhattan?
The Astor Place Riot
Mike Connors and Leon Danielian were both entertainers of what nationality?
American
What were the 2012 sales of the company for which Hubert Joly was a former president, CEO, and director?
$37.6 billion
Which Paul McCartney song did Del Davis sing on "Mellow Dubmarine."
World Without Love
In what state was the university Darryl Carlton played for?
Florida
Were both Memotech MTX and TEC-1 single-board kit computers?
no
Trax Colton appeared in two films as a contract player for an American film studio located just west of where?
Beverly Hills
how far away is the headquarters of PrivatAir from the city center?
4 km
What is the name of the person who was born on May 5, 1972 who is featured in Chocolate City: Vegas Strip?
Darrin Henson
Who has a cameo appearance in the film in which both Bo Kimble and a member of the New York Shakespeare Festival who has performed in many Broadway plays star in?
Rick Telander
From which team did the Denver Nuggets receive via trade the player who had been drafted fifth overall in the 2005 NBA draft?
New York Knicks
Vincent Cirelli is a special effects supervisor for what 2012 sci-fi film directed by Ridley Scott?
Prometheus
Merimbula Merimbula is a town on the Merimbula Lake, located on which location, that refers to the narrow coastal belt from Sydney in the north to the border with Victoria in the south in the south-eastern part of the State of New South Wales, Australia?
South Coast
Who is the American actor who starred as as Jim Dial in A Picture is Worth 1,000 Bucks ?
Charles Kimbrough
Who is the voice of the protagonist feral child in the sequel to the movie adaptation of some of Rudyard Kipling's stories?
Haley Joel Osment
Who did the 47th Governor appoint as a justice of the Supreme Court of Texas?
Judge Debra Lehrmann
Vala is a character that is mentioned in the world created by what English author?
J. R. R. Tolkien
Which magazine was published first, Who Put the Bomp or Curve?
Who Put the Bomp
David I. Arkin is the father of an American actor, director, screenwriter, musician, and singer, who performed in Popi and Catch-22, and who was born when?
March 26, 1934
What year did Emmy Rossum star in a film about a musicologist researching and collecting Appalachian folk music in the mountains of western North Carolina?
2000
What was founded in 1939 and first published in April 1939 in the United States, it was originally called "Glamour of Hollywood", El Nuevo Cojo or Glamour ?
Glamour
Which genus of flowering plant has more species Bulbophyllum or Bismarckia?
Bulbophyllum
The 2005 Houston Texans fired the only person to serve how many different NFL expansion teams as inaugural head coach?
two
Which prominent speaker was featured in the State of the Black Union annual event and is  the American Representative for 13th congressional district?
John Conyers
The Yellow Birds is a 2017 American war film directed by Alexandre Moors and based on the novel "The Yellow Birds" by Kevin Powers, the film stars which American actor, that made his feature film debut in Francis Ford Coppola's independent film "Tetro" (2009)? 
Alden Ehrenreich
What was the 1905 oligarchic dominance of Argentina known as?
Roquismo
The Darjeeling Limited is an American adventure comedy-drama film, released in which year, directed by Wes Anderson, the film stars include Bill Murray in a cameo role?
2007
The World War II hero whom the USS Elrod was named after, graduated from what two Universities?
University of Georgia and Yale University
In 1981 the European School, Munich moved to its current location in a borough that was built starting in what year?
1967
Where did the head coach of the 2016-17 Houston Cougars men's basketball team first work as a head coach?
Montana Tech
The man that hosted the 2012 and 2016 Primetime Emmy Awards started, with the help of two others, what American production company?
Jackhole Productions
WMCW is a radio station that carried an Adult Contemporary format with a man who retired when? 
2009
Which director has won an Oscar, Ron Shelton or Ken Mora?
Ronald Wayne "Ron" Shelton
Roy Hilton played in Super Bowl V against the Cowboys, what was his position?
defensive end
In what year did the historical film drama based on the true story of Charles Horman win The Palme d'Or?
1982
Which opera has more acts, The Bassarids or Don Quichotte?
Don Quichotte
how much of South Dakota is west of the longest river in North America?
over one-half of the land area
Which lasted longer, Korean War or Battle of Mindanao? 
Korean War
In which English town did Adam Chance Angus Rayner appear on stage in "Romeo and Juliet"?
the town of Stratford-upon-Avon
What actor born in 1934 starred in Me, Myself and I?
George Segal
What was the position of the player who's final match was the final of the 2003-04 Scottish Cup
striker
Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor replaced which 1992 film shown at three Disney parks?
The Timekeeper
Which film did Michael Keaton star in that had the song Scandalous! on its soundtrack?
Batman
"Scott v. Emerson" was part of of a case in which year ?
1857
What team selected the 2009 Pac-10 Offensive Player of the Year in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft?
Minnesota Vikings
What is the birth date of the author whose short stories inspired the film "Certain Women?"
January 1, 1972
Emory University and Syracuse University, are located in which country?
United States
KXI75 is an older NOAA Weather Radio station that serves parts of the north Georgia mountains with 300 watts on 162.475 MHz from a location near Blue Ridge, Georgia, it is now simulcast on newer station KXI22 located atop the highest point in the U.S. state of Georgia, near Young Harris is called?
Brasstown Bald
What was the cause of the death of this American professional wrestling manager who was married to Randy Savage?
drug and alcohol overdose
The white supremacist who wrote about serial killer Joseph Paul Franklin founded what major white nationalist organization?
National Alliance
In what New York county is a building in the shape of a duck, built by farmer Martin Maurer, located?
Suffolk County
William Lyon served at this air force base in Houston County, Georgia.
Robins Air Force Base
Decommissioning in Northern Ireland was a process in the Belfast Agreement as part of the Northern Ireland peace process, the Northern Ireland peace process is often considered to cover the events leading up to which year, Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) ceasefire, the end of most of the violence of the Troubles, the Good Friday (or Belfast) Agreement of 1998, and subsequent political developments?
1994
Which actor who appeared in Cooter also provides a voice in the animated series "Wander Over Yonder?"
Jack McBrayer
Who was the host of the Australian television quiz show for which Taylor Auerbach was the youngest winner?
Eddie McGuire
What award winning game designer and New York Times best selling author, designed "En Garde!"?
Frank Chadwick
The classic presenter of the paradox of value is a philosopher that died in this year?
1790
What was the population of the terminus of the Willunga railway line in 2011
2,416
In American football the air raid offense refers to an offensive scheme popularized by such coaches as which American college football coach, the head coach of the Washington State Cougars football team?  
Michael Charles Leach
Lou Ferrigno appeared in what 2009 American romantic comedy film that was directed by John Hamburg?
I Love You, Man
What year was the crossing that the Daily Mail Trans-Atlantic Air Race is commemorating?
1919
Celebrity Cooking Showdown was hosted by a Canadian actor who was best known for his role as Jason Seaver on what television series?
Growing Pains
Who was born first, Mikhail Kravchuk or Israel Gelfand?
Mykhailo Pylypovych Kravchuk
Which genus is aquatic, Phylica or Nelumbo?
Nelumbo
What role in their respective bands do Stephen Christian and Jonathan Davis share?
vocalist
How ling is the bridge to the main airport in Hong Kong?
1177 m
On what island is the country in which Malcolm Allen was born?
the island of Great Britain
Stefano Nava was a backup for which former right-back who now is the assistant coach for the Ukrainian national team?
Mauro Tassotti
A Simple Plan was a thriller novel that led to a film starring whom?
Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton and Bridget Fonda
Which movie came out first Snow Dogs or Sacred Planet ?
Snow Dogs
What is a similarity between the Cairn Terrier and the German Hound?
used for hunting
Which tennis player is older, Billy Martin or Pavel Složil?
Pavel Složil
Jo Lynn "Jody" Allen is the sister of which American business magnate, investor and philanthropist?
Paul Allen
Which actress is married to John Travolta and starred in a 1994 film about a pregnant woman who is stranded at a trading post during the American Civil War?
Kelly Preston
Were the films Victory Through Air Power and Encounters at the End of the World released in the same year?
no
The President of Egypt was know to call the Egyptian revolution of 1952 by what other name?
July 23 revolution
Air Vice Marshal Christopher James "Chris" Luckwas Commandant of a college that was established as the worlds first what? 
air academy
What town did the 2013 Maine Black Bears football team play their home games in?
Orono, Maine
Rocky Roe officiated in the World Series played by which American League team?
New York Yankees
When the Macanese general election took place, was the legislature elected on national level?
The 2017 Macanese general election took place on 17 September 2017 according to the provisions of the Basic Law of Macau.
What is the name of the engagement on the northern coast of France on 19 August 1942 in which the HMS "Calpe" participated?
Dieppe Raid
What American composer born in 1895 was married to his frequent collaborator Verna Arvey?
William Grant Still
What is Trolls (2016 the  computer animated musical comedy by South Korean animator, Yong Duk Jhun about?
two trolls on a quest to save their village from destruction by the Bergens, creatures who eat trolls.
The Sagittarius Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy, a loop-shaped galaxy of the Milky Way, is which type of the three main classes of galaxy originally described by Edwin Hubble in "The Realm of the Nebulae?"
An elliptical galaxy
Are Janus and The Lady both published in the US?
no
Who wrote the book Power in Earth detailing the connections between the Gambino crime family, the Vatican Bank and the Franklin National Bank?
Nick Tosches
What Miami Vice actor starred in Revenge of the Stepford Wives?
Don Johnson
Which BAFTA, BIFA and Golden Globe Award winning actress starred in the 2011 British drama film, Tyrannosaur?
Olivia Colman
What is the height of the tower that resembles the Business Central Towers in Dubai?
318.9 m
When was the movie that was a two-part made-for-television film adapted from a Lewis Carroll book, that was also a Disney movie was Natalie Gregory, who played Kathy in Spot Marks the X also appear in?
December 9, 1985
What was the second book written by the Daily Show host, after Naked Pictures of Famous People: Another Example of Blatantly False Advertising?
America (The Book)
One what date was the battle fought, that Simon Grundel-Helmfelt is most notable for?
December 4, 1676
The professor of bioengineering Valerie Daggett worked with which American-British-Israeli biophysicist and a professor of structural biology who has been professor at Stanford University since 1987?
Michael Levitt
Wonka Bar is from the novel written by this british novelist born in what year?
1916
Grégory Levasseur produced the 2003 horror film directed by whom?
Alexandre Aja
What nationality was the person who wrote the music for Soft Flowing Avon?
English
What is the actual first name of the director of the film Hollywood Ending ?
Heywood
Sir John Oldcastle, was an English Lollard leader, he escaped from which historic castle located on the north bank of the River Thames in central London, and it lies within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets?
Tower of London
What retailer of women's clothing, shoes and fashion accessories is located in an open-air shopping center which opened in September 2007?
Talbots
What is the name of the fourth-largest Korean-language wiki focused on amine and manga fandom?
Rigveda Wiki
Did Kazuo Ishiguro and Yukio Mishima both move from Japan to England?
no
This 2004 NCAA Division I-A team played its home games at a sports stadium that opened as a replacement for what?
Metropolitan Stadium
Which Lower Manhattan skyscraper, One Liberty Plaza or 1717 Broadway, is considered to be the tallest hotel in North America?
1717 Broadway
Which rock band was formed earlier, Hinder or The Fatima Mansions?
The Fatima Mansions
Which Writer started his own film studio, Gary King or Ivan Tors?
Ivan Tors
What is the name of the illegitimate daughter of the President involved in the Teapot Dome scandal?
Elizabeth
Which writer, Jorge Amado or Sarah Caudwell, remains the best known of modern Brazilian writers?
Jorge Leal Amado de Faria
What was the 2010 population on the city where Lave Tree State Monument is located?
945
The director of Mario and the Magician was born in what year?
1943
Which movie starring Kim Roi-ha is based on Korea's first serial murders in history?
Memories of Murder
Radical Axis (also known as "radicalaxis" or "Radical Axis, Inc.") is an animation studio headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States known for its diverse work in both episodic television and commercials, the studio's television credits include "Squidbillies", an American animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, called what?
Adult Swim
Which company produced the 1968 crime drama film in which the wife of Buck Owens played a role?
Dick Clark Productions
Craig Serling and Jeff Celentano, are of which nationality?
American
The 1982 NC State Wolfpack were led by the coach who is currently a defensive assistant at which college?
Florida Atlantic
Mary Pierce and Shelby Cannon, share which occupation?
tennis professional
For what genre of writing is the author of Saintspeak best known ?
science fiction
Who established the advisory board that developed the first ironclad warship? 
the Union
In which single by rap duo Mobb Deep was Curtis James Jackson III featured on?
"Creep"
Which was released first, The Plow That Broke the Plains or The Man Who Skied Down Everest?
The Plow That Broke the Plains
What peer-reviewed scientific journal published approximately monthly by Springer Science+Business Media was Zdeněk Švestka co-founder and editor of?
Solar Physics
Who was this British archaeologist and officer in the British Army contributed to the excavation of Stone Age and megalithic sites of South India with K. V. Soundararajan?
Mortimer Wheeler
Where is the headquarters of the company who launched the Fridge advertising campaign?
London, England
Are the Lancashire Heeler and the Glen of Imaal Terrier both listed by the Kennel Club (UK) as a vulnerable breed?
no
What is the main base of the airline co-founded by John Nicolaas Block?
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
The mud pie served by n.y.d.c. Café & Restaurants is likely to have originated in what U. S. state?
Mississippi.
Which was released first, Dangal or The Wild?
The Wild
Democracy Day is possible federal holiday proposed by a politician that represents which US congressional district?
13th
Which football team that was relegated to Tercera División in the 1962–63 Segunda División season was founded in 1958?
Sevilla Atlético
What is the birthdate of this American actress, television producer and director, singer/songwriter and author, appearing in Kids Incorporated and starring in Ghost Whisperer? 
February 21, 1979
What century was Konstantin Somov born into a family of a Hermitage Museum curator?
18th-century
Does Jack and Coke or Pink Gin use lemon rind as garnish?
Pink Gin
What Christian publication first published in 1971 has Brandan Robertson written for?
Sojourners
What is the 2010 population of the city to which WRHR-LP was licensed?
7,304
Abbottsburg was named for Joseph Carter Abbott, president of the Cape Fear Building Company and veteran of what war?
American Civil War
How many acts are in the opera based on an 1820 poem by Alexander Pushkinhave, in which Mariya Matveyevna Stepanova created the lead soprano role?
five
After releasing "Hail to the Thief" in June 2003, which band released the EP COM LAG in 2004?
Radiohead
What is the spiritual name of the philosopher who founded Amra Bangali?
Shrii Shrii Ánandamúrti
Which film nominated at the 39th Annual César Awards was directed by Alain Guiraudie?
Stranger by the Lake
Which The 'Burbs actor was also a writer and a comedian?
Rick Ducommun
Who released their debut album first, The Operation M.D. or Framing Hanley ?
The Operation M.D.
Which of the film in which Jeremy Irvine had a role is a 2012 British teen drama film directed by Ol Parker?
Now Is Good
Which actor plays the character Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer who fights for justice in the courtroom and on the streets of New York as a masked vigilante, in an American superhero movie which shares its name with the album released for it in 2003 by Wind-up Records? 
Ben Affleck
What was the man whom Dr. Diarmuid Whelan wrote his doctoral thesis on?
an Irish politician
Which community radio station moved to prevent interference with Australian Broadcasting Corporation?
5BBB
Who has been a member of more bands, Tom Petty or Bobby Gillespie?
Tom Petty
Fuck and The Celluloid Closet are both what?
documentary film
Are Jim Pugh and Laura Siegemund both professional tennis players?
yes
The New englands quarterback that has won 2 super bowls and is on what installment of of the Madden NFL series?
29th installment
Who is the forward who was part of the Run TMC threesome currently the head coach for?
St. John's Red Storm
Jacques Tourneur and Alex Cox, have which mutual occupation?
film director
The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA, the film stars RZA, and which actor, film producer and musician, and although a New Zealand citizen, he has lived most of his life in Australia?
Russell Crowe
Which network hosted a show on which Ron Howard serves as both an executive producer and the series' uncredited narrator?
Fox
Was Jan Egil Storholt born in the third largest city in Norway?
the third largest city in the country
Which magazine has a larger circulation region, Family Life or Newsweek?
Newsweek
Wilhelm Batz shot down 46 of one type of aircraft. How many of these aircraft were made during World War 2?
36,183
Farallon Capital was founded by a hedge fund manager born in which year ?
1957
What Hotcourses Group founder was born in 1966?
Jeremy Richard Streynsham Hunt
What is name of the company founded by George Weston in 1882 whose subsidiary company Weston Bakeries Limited produces Wonder Bread in Canada?
George Weston Limited
The 44th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 10 to 21,1994, which 1993 courtroom drama film, was awarded a Golden Bear?
In the Name of the Father
Latrobe Brewing Company in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, founded in 1839, was one of the largest breweries in the United States and the maker of "Rolling Rock" beer, which merged later in 2004, into which brewing company that resulted from the merger between Belgium-based company Interbrew and Brazilian brewer AmBev?
InBev
Ovida, Obida or Odiva, was the last Roman ruler of Dalmatia, and a general, of the western provinces, during which late period?
Western Roman Empire
Lugton and Dunlop are both villages located in what country?
Scotland
While the Culture of the United Kingdom is predominatly Christian religious life, what other religions exist in the United Kingdom?
Islam, Hinduism, Sikhism, Judaism and Buddhism
Name the Chinese peer reviewed journal which is edited by Li Fanghua, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the International Union of Crystallography?
Chinese Journal of Physics
This brand of Swiss watches is manufactured by a fashion designer founded in what year?
1984
The melody of "Baubles, Bangles & Beads"  was based on works by a composer that died in what year?
1887
Thomas "Tom" Lonie played for which team at the King Power Stadium?
Leicester City Football Club
John Maitland is a former American football running back, who earned what award that is given to winners of the Super Bowl?
Super Bowl ring
What does Wainscott and Wainscott, New York have in common?
United States
Executive Order 13765 was signed by a president whose middle name is what?
John
Who was the director of the 1988 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film in which Imran Khan appeared as a child artist?
Mansoor Khan
How is IBook and AirPort connected?
Apple
What artist painted the sets of watercolors that she made exploring a monochromatic palette with designs that were non-representational of specific objects, and was best known for her paintings of enlarged flowers? 
Georgia Totto O'Keeffe
Which BBC drama would be referenced in the biographical television film, Hancock and Joan?
Silk
Heartsounds was made into a 1984 film starring an actor who died in what year?
2014
Who has served in more film related job positions, Kay Pollak or Chester Erskine?
Chester Erskine
What does Georges Méliès and Alexander Kluge have in common?
film director.
Who makes the liqueur that Atholl Brose tastes like when made with cream?
Gilbeys of Ireland
Which genus contains two species of flowering plants in the family Hamamelidecease, Disanthus or Leucospermum?
Disanthus
Were Maurice White and Carol Decker both singers?
yes
Which record label released the tenth studio album by the rock artist who performed "The Lady in Red"?
A&M Records
Man from God's Country is an American Western film, released in which year, starring George Montgomery and Randy Stuart, born as Elizabeth Shaubell, was an American actress in film and television?
1959
Where did Beatrice Helen Beckett's husband serve as prime minister?
United Kingdom
Song of Love starred the actress who received how many Best Actress Academy Awards?
four
Where is Sabine Pedersen's handball club based in?
Ikast
What person wrote the song that inspired Marvel Comics' character Rocket Raccoon?
Paul McCartney
The Tulsa Golden Hurricane will join an American collegiate athletic conference, featuring how many member universities?
12
James Bridges co-wrote the script for what movie starring John Travolta? 
Urban Cowboy
E. Howard Hunt and Miguel Delibes, were in the writing industry?
yes
Which movie came out first, "The Book of Masters" or "A Tiger Walks"?
A Tiger Walks
What position did Dante primarily play during the 2012-13 FC Bayern Munich season?
a central defender
Are John Collier and Martin Amis the same nationality?
yes
What canadian author hit the New York Times Best Seller list in 2017, with a book published 10 year prior?
William P. Young
In which county did the Rob VanAlkemade born?
Bergen County
South Tyrone Empowerment Programme was founded by which Irish civil rights leader?
Josephine Bernadette McAliskey
Evil Con Carne is an American animated series/spin-off of "Grim & Evil" and sister show of which American animated television series created by Maxwell Atoms for Cartoon Network, and is the 14th of the network's Cartoon Cartoons?
The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy
Where was this the actor born in 1899 who starred in The Tuttles of Tahiti trained at?
London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
When considering Kelly D.Johnston and Bod Dole, which state was represented in the United States senate first - Oklahoma or Kansas?
Kansas
how is Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport and Mammoth Yosemite Airport related?
public
Were Trembling Before G-d and Zeitgeist both released in 2001?
no
Who has written more poems, David Ignatow or Margaret Mead?
David Ignatow
My New Sassy Girl is a 2016 South Korean-Chinese romantic comedy film, starring which South Korean actor, singer, television personality radio DJ and director?
Cha Tae-hyun
Bebe Rexha was a singer who guested on the David Guetta song that was produced by which Dutch DJ?
Afrojack
Tiendesitas is a part of an interim business district with an area of more than what?
100 ha
Basil LeFlore was governor of the Choctaw nation after it moved to what U.S. temporary land area?
Indian Territory
In what city is George Washington University Hospital and Psychiatric Institute of Washington located?
Washington, D.C.
Which road leading into Kentucky was near one of locales of the Green-Jones War and was turned down to become the National Road?
The Wilderness Road
The group that owns the luxury watch company Longines was founded in which year?
1983
What is the name of this village and civil parish in North East Lincolnshire, England, that is 1.75 miles from Welbeck Hill?
Laceby
Who was born in 1978 and starred in Star Wars: The Last Jedi? 
Gwendoline Christie
Which genus has more species, Cardiospermum or Chestnut?
Cardiospermum
The Wars of the Roses was a 1963 production starring an actor who won a Tony for a part in what musical?
A Moon for the Misbegotten
Riann Stelle appeared in what Royal Shakespeare Company production that portrays the events surrounding a former queen of the Amazons?
A Midsummer Night's Dream
How many expansion packs have been created for a game that Keith Baker, a game designer, created?
Four
Black Nativity is a 2013 American musical drama film directed by Kasi Lemmons, the film stars an African American ensemble cast featuring which American hip hop recording artist, record producer, actor and entrepreneur, better known by his stage name, called what? 
Nas
After competing in its first Winter Olympics, where will South Korea's national Ice hockey team make their World Championship debut?
The 2018 IIHF World Championship
In what year was the original performer of “Street Player”—the song sampled in “75, Brazil Street”—formed?
1967
Who played in the movie The Mint and also was on the TV show Jersey Shore?
Jenni "JWoww" Farley
What is the english name of the encyclical which was written by the Bishop of Rome and the sovereign of Vatican City?
Praise be to you
Which of these two board games had two designers, Abalone or Elfenland?
Abalone
Which band has more studio albums, Boy Hits Car and The Invisible?
Boy Hits Car
When was Boneland, the sequel to "The Weirdstone of Brisingamen" was written by English author Alan Garner in what year?
2012
Girlguiding North West England has headquarters in the city that is on the north bank of what river?
Ribble
What is the birth date of this American professional basketball player, who entered the league out of high school and was a recruit to the 2004-05 Duke Blue Devil men's basketball team?
September 11, 1985
Which vehicle that won the Auto Trader RAC British Touring Car Championship was marketed and produced by a Swedish manufacturer?
Volvo S40
Which 2005 Disney Channel Movie starred a girl who was formerly in the sitcom "Sister, Sister"?
Twitches
Bulawayo Railway Museum, is a railway museum located at Bulawayo railway station in Zimbabwe, formerly Rhodesia, its oldest exhibits date back to 1897, and include Cecil Rhodes' personal railway coach, he  was a British businessman, mining magnate and politician in which country?
South Africa
What branch of military was the governor, who Sarah Steelman is currently serving, part of?
Navy
The 1989 NBA draft produce the pro basketball executive of what nationality?
Serbian
What person born in 1982 did Sören Opti lose to at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Lee Chong Wei
What was the occupation of Manikanth Kadri's father?
saxophonist
who co-author remote sensing and is a meteorologist
Roy Spencer
Has Matt Willis or Bayside had more top 20 singles?
Mathew James "Matt" Willis
Renne Montagne and Steve Inskeep successed which Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame on NPR's Morning Edition?
Bob Edwards
What English actor appeared in the horror film The Ward?
Jared Harris
Who has been a member of more bands, Caleb Shomo or John Rzeznik?
Caleb Joshua Shomo
Caldera de Taburiente National Park and Teide National Park are located in which island chain?
Canary Islands, Spain
Makbule Atadan was the sister of a Turkish army officer whose policies and theories became known as what?
Kemalism
Which dog has more traits, the Norwegian Buhund, or the English Foxhound?
The Norwegian Buhund
Vanessa Kirby played Joanna Richard Curtis' movie released on what date?
4 September 2013
Who is the coach of the Karachi kings, owned by Salman Iqbal?
coached by Mickey Arthur
The 2011 Indian Grand Prix was held 40 km from what city? 
Delhi
What is the name of the world's largest people group whose customs and etiquette are the traditioanl behaivors observed while eating in Greater China?
The Han Chinese
In what year was the person whose trial Sorj Chalandon won the Albert Londres Prize for his articles about born? 
1913
Where was the creator of the duck who was impersonated in Little Quacker born?
Watonga, Oklahoma
What network named Norm Macdonald, the brother of Neil Macdonald, one of the 100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time?
Comedy Central named him #83 on the five-part miniseries "100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time" .
What multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip was the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards held?
MGM Grand Garden Arena
What American actor and producer, born 1963, did Blake LeVine collect an autograph from?
Brad Pitt
What FIFA World Cup did the referee of the 28 May 2011 football match at Wembley Stadium participate in? 
2010 FIFA World Cup
For what range of years did the Disney era that Tarzan was released during last?
1989 to 1999
City Centre and Melbourne City Centre is near what market?
Queen Victoria Market
Tim Lake is a news anchor currently at the ABC affiliate licensed to what city?
Albany, New York
Cincinnati Bearcats baseball, the varsity intercollegiate team representing the University of Cincinnati in the sport of college baseball, includes notable alumnus Sandy Koufax, who played what posiiton?
pitcher
Are the films Restrepo and Hoop Dreams both documentaries?
yes
How much money did the owner of the 165 acre drumlin or the mansion that sits on the hill donate to the construction fund for the Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital?
$145,000
Who was Nicholas II of Russia's father?
Emperor Alexander III
Are Morten Harket and Ian Curtis members of bands which have the same musical style?
no
What animation studio founded in 2002 produced the television series El Chavo Animado?
Ánima Estudios
Interstate 20 travels through what Rockdale County city in Georgia?
Conyers
Are Melissa and Darmera vegatables
no
Which takes place farther east, The Mosuo Sisters or The Silent Historian?
The Mosuo Sisters
What Garry Marshall movie contains a scene with flying escargot?
Pretty Woman
Were Yellowcard and For Against both American pop bands?
yes
Were the buildings at 270 Park Avenue and 100 East 53rd Street both designed by Natalie de Blois?
no
Which American film, Dragonslayer or Swiss Family Robinson, was shot outside London?
Swiss Family Robinson
Which of the two European Space Agency astronauts, Jean-François Clervoy and Thomas Reiter, has participated in missions with NASA?
Jean-François André Clervoy
Which entirely Canadian-born team scored 4 points in the 1975 Stanley Cup?
1974–75 Philadelphia Flyers
Who was born first, Chaka Khan or Randy Meisner?
Randy Herman Meisner
Which film director also appeared on screen as an actor, Dziga Vertov or Frederic Zelnik?
Frederic Zelnik
The Doll Squad features what actress that had a birthday on August 26?
Francine York
Ralek Gracie is the nephew of a retired mixed martial artist who was born in which year ?
1958
Hess Corporation and Intuit, are of which country nationality?
American
What is the name of an album that features cover versions of songs off of a 1991 record by an Anglo-Irish rock band formed in Dublin in 1983?
Yellow Loveless
 Arthur Machen was a Welsh author and mystic of the 1890s and early 20th century well known for his leading role in creating the legend of the Angels of Mons, a popular legend about a group of angels who supposedly protected members of what army?
the British Army
Who directed the 1997 comedy film Rya Kihlstedt was in?
Chris Columbus
Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale is an example of what type of motion picture that makes the illusion of motion and change by the rapid succession of sequential images that minimally differ from each other?
Animation
Tye White plays Kevin Satterlee in a drama series that premiered in what date?
June 21, 2016
What Irish actress starred in War Games: At the End of the Day?
Valene Kane
Jack Milsom (22 February 1907 – 1977) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for which professional football club, based in the town of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England, that competes in League One?
Rochdale Association Football Club
What producer who died in 1978 developed American television detective show Mannix?
Bruce Geller
Fairlane Village Mall is anchred by Boscov's, Michaels, and a company whose first department store opened in September 1962, and that went public in what year?
1992
T. Arthur Cottam received an Artistic Director Achievement Award from the Valley Theatre League for his role in this play believed to have been written in what year?
1603
An American statistician and writer who analyzes baseball cited Leip's Atlas as what?
"preferred source for election results"
Who is older, Peter Tscherkassky or Abel Ferrara?
Abel Ferrara
Who co-created the American live-action/animated TV series, co-produced by The Collective and the studios 14th Hour Productions, in which the American filmmaker, singer, and actor born in 1979 provides the voice of the title character?
Spencer Grove
Lucky Yates is known for his voice-over roles as Dr. Krieger on a spy sitcom created by who ?
Adam Reed
Johannes Megapolensis served for several years at the first permanent Dutch settlement in what town?
New Netherland
Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen and Toy Trawler Spaniel are both breeds of which animal?
dog
The Argentine city Crespo holds an annual beer festival based on a German festival that began in what year?
1810
Who's the husband of the writer of The Unknown?
Michael Grant.
This Is Animal Music is the debut studio album by Look Mexico, the album can easily be noted as a beginning for the band's commercial success, as it has sparked attention among major music news sources and has even got the band featured in Alternative Press as a band to look for in which year?
2007
What type of publication is The Nation, published in the United States with political and cultural news and Humbug edited by Harvey Kurtzman which features various artifacts of popular culture?
magazine
Who wrote a letter to Orville Browning where he recognized the importance of one of the four slave states that never declared a secession in the Civil War?
Abraham Lincoln
Which host of American Top 40 referred to Jon Peter Lewis as JPL?
Ryan Seacrest
What is the English title for a song written and recorded by an Argentine duo with more than 25 million records sold worldwide?
"Get Out of My Life, Now!"
The film, The Silent House (Spanish: "La Casa Muda"), starred which actress who was also nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress?
Elizabeth Olsen
When was the U.S. Senator representing Alabama died who's memoir was  When Hell Was in Session?
March 28, 2014
Which Rihanna album hosted the song c-written by Starrah?
Anti
Who is known for her research on Haitian voodoo and was a leading prose writer of the Harlem Renaissance?
Zora Neale Hurston
in 1927, Kansas Jayhawks football team played their home games in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
87,643
What is the nationality of the singer who beat out Pour Some Sugar on Me by Def Leppard for the top spot on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart?
American
Which member of the Beeba Boys died in 1998?
Bindy Johal
Which of the stars in  "Iron Jawed Angels" was born on 4 January 1965?
Julia Ormond
How many estates are there in Great Saint James, U.S. Virgin Island owned by registered sex offender Jeffrey Epstein?
one estate
In which town was CamCutter first revealed?
Paradise and Winchester
What United States Marine Corps air station which is the home to multiple squadrons of AV-8B Harrier IIs is located at the Yuma National Airport? 
Marine Corps Air Station Yuma
Georges Favre, the French composer, was a student of which composer of "The Sorcerer's Apprentice"?
Paul Abraham Dukas
Bossiaea and Ferraria are both plant genus. Out of the two, which is native to Australia?
Bossiaea
Are both Matt Willis and The Mekons British?
no
Did both movies, Alice's Birthday and Eleanor's Secret, come out in the same year ?
yes
Kamarinskaya was a folk dance that shares a name with the composer who was the first in his country to be recognized for what type of music?
classical
What was the nationality of the costume designer of Homage to the Queen
English
What year did the person James Matheson received an award named for in 2011 die?
1954
Which city is the training center that a forward for Spanish side Las Palmas of La Liga located in?
Lyon
Which university graduates more number of students in a year, California Institute of Technology or Boston College?
Boston College
In what year was Adam Wilcox's cousin born?
1987
The second largest convention center on its opening in 1990 is owned by what company?
Las Vegas Sands Corporation
Which football team who plays home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium was defeated by the Clemson Tigers at the Russell Athletic Bowl in 2014?
2014 Oklahoma Sooners football team
How many times has the titular character of LBJ, an upcoming American Political dram film directed by Rob Reiner, been nominated for the Academy Award?
two-time
Tata Movus is what type of high-roof vehicle?
Minivan
In what year was the artist who recorded "Sentimental Ol' You" born?
1956
What is the name of the pop band founded by one of the stars of Aisa Yeh Jahaan?
Euphoria
Who is an Indian film actor and producer that co-hosted the 57th Filmfare Awards ceremony in 2012?
Saif Ali Khan
When is the American professional poker player who won the 1989 World Series of Poker born 
July 16, 1964
This 72-78 passenger aircraft has parking spaces at Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport, which is how many square meters?
Total space, 2,902,400 square meters
Who was a non-fiction writer, Isaac Bashevis Singer or Alvin Toffler
Alvin Toffler
Which one of the Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales was produced by Lee Mendelson?
A Charlie Brown Christmas
When was the upper terminus of the Peak Tram funicular railway line located in a shopping complex at Victoria Gap opened?
1888
In Old Trafford, Manchester, the Ball of the Century included a cricketer by what name who is also known as a professional poker player?
Shane Warne
In what year was the president whose younger brother was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 6th congressional district from 1851 to 1853 born?
1795
The 2015 American gothic romance film, Crimson Peak was co-produced by which director who also directed "Pacific Rim"?
Guillermo del Toro
Are Antonio Machado and Miriam Toews from the same country ?
no
What is the name of the Spanish tenor who rereleased De Mi Alma Latina?
Plácido Domingo
What team did Luis Lopez play for that is based in Montreal, Quebec? 
Montreal Expos
What is a city that is set aside from the territory of any county or counties with exceptions , including a city built along the western bank of the Mississippi River, on the border with Illinois ?
independent city
What Canadian television newsmagazine series was hosted by a Muslim Canadian author, educator, and advocate of a reformist interpretation of Islam?
QueerTelevision
Who wrote "House of Cards" and Never Surrender?
Michael Dobbs
The Zhe School was part of the Southern School, which thrived during a dynasty that ruled for how many years?
276
Which genus of plants contains a larger variety of species, Paulownia or Dendromecon?
Paulownia
Maureen Starky married Ringo Starr in 1965 and would later have an affair with which Beatle band member?
George Harrison
The Jungle Book: Alive with magic and Rivers Of Light are both nighttime shows at?
Disney's Animal Kingdom in the Walt Disney World Resort.
What county is the Moscow Hemp Fest held in?
Latah County
What do both Aealo and Rotting Christ have in common?
Greek extreme metal band
"What About Us" is a song by American singer and songwriter Pink, it was written by Pink, Steve Mac and John "Johnny" McDaid, a Northern Irish singer, songwriter, musician and record producer from where?
Derry
Thomaz Koch and Sébastien Lareau, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
Ezhou and Quzhou are both cities located in which country?
China
The ballad with Sheryl Crowe that the album Cocky is known for was rerecorded with which country singer?
Allison Moorer
While Anatole Litvak and Kinji Fukasaku are both directors, were they both responsible for their own screenplays as well?
yes
Are the films Metropia and The Watercolor animated?
yes
Where did Jermaine Jackson's famous musical family group originate?
Gary, Indiana
Which movie starring Verna Bloom is produced by Ivan Reitman and Matty Simmons and is an American Comedy Film?
Animal House
Who was the producer of the studio album that was supported by Pearl Jam's Vs. Tour?
Brendan O'Brien
Which Walt Disney film premiered first, Secretariat or The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band?
The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band
Did the composer Charles Gounod or Mikhail Glinka live past the year 1875?
Charles-François Gounod
Henry Wilbur Palmer was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, he was the father of Bradley Palmer, a Boston lawyer known for his involvement with which brand of men's and women's safety razors, and other personal care products?
Gillette
Which breed was developed in the 1990s, Chippiparai or King Shepherd?
King Shepherd
Which professional football club known as "the Red Devils" did Ernie Hine play for?
Manchester United Football Club
Where is the company that bought the Claud Butler brand based?
Brigg, North Lincolnshire
This "New York Herald Tribune" and the "Chicago Daily News" figure had a Pulitzer Prize in the 1960s for what category that pertains to a type of two-dimensional illustration, possibly animated?
Editorial Cartooning
My big iron skillet was recorded and released by this american artist known as the "Queen of Rockabilly"
Wanda Jackson
Where is the headquarters of the designer of Apple Bandai Pippin?
Cupertino, California
Which American actor, director and producer best known for his distinctive supporting and character roles- typically lowlifes, eccentrics, bullies, and misfits – Hoffman acted in many films from the early 1990s until his death at age 46, did sister James indicate might have too much personal attention with the school's only black student Donald Miller (Joseph Foster)?
Philip Seymour Hoffman
Cannery Casino and Hotel is a locals casino in North Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, owned and operated by Boyd Gaming, Boyd Gaming Corporation is an American gaming and hospitality company based in which city in Nevada?
Paradise
The 2015 San Diego Padres season had a general manager of which former Texas Rangers assistant GM?
A. J. Preller
What mortgage and savings provider did Mr. Marks charge on Mrs. Hodgson freehold?
Cheltenham & Gloucester
Are both Tuberaria and Chimonobambusa genus of plants?
yes
Necropolis is a fantasy novel by English, novelist and screenwriter specialising in mystery and suspense writer, Anthony Horowitz, born on which date?
5 April 1955
What is the is the fourth studio album by Mexican pop-singer married to Governor of Chiapas, Manuel Velasco Coello?
Baby Blue
In what year was Gerald Ford's running mate from the 1976 United States presidential election the Republican presidential nominee?
1996
Vanessa Mesquita made the cover of a magazine established by who ?
Editora Abril
An example of one of more than 70,000 of the homes sold by Sears Catalog Home is located in what town in Arizona?
Laveen, Arizona
Are both Broken Bells and Cast considered rock bands?
yes
In what year was the magazine founded, which had Jean-Louis Comolli as its editor in chief from 1966 to 1978 ?   
1951
What is the nationality of the man who defeated Javier Mora in Max Schmeling Halle, Prenzlauer Berg, Berlin, Germany?
Russian
New Wave was later enhanced by this Russian superstar whose career started in what year 
1965
Miki Berenyi and Phil Anselmo, are in which industry?
musician
What ideas did this Italian philosopher, poet, essayist, and philologist, who wrote the poem L'infinito, come in touch with while living in a secluded town in the conservative Papal States?
Enlightenment
Who is the husband of lady which  Camilla Luddington played her role in the Lifetime TV film?
Prince William
I Am Missing You was a song that included a contribution by the session drummer of what nationality?
American
This "Gearing"-class destroyer was named after the first naval recipient of the Medal of Honor in what war?
World War II
Oksan Station is located in which East Asian country?
South Korea
What was the name of the keyboardist and songwriter who formed the electronic music group whose fifth studio album was Invaders Must Die?
Liam Howlett
What position did the chief strategy officer for the Cleveland Browns hold when he worked for the Dodgers?
General Manager
Martin Manley served as the Executive Director to a school name after whom?
Bertil Hult
Complicated" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fifth studio album "Loud", released on which date?
November 12, 2010
Who has more scope of profession,  PJ Harvey or Salt?
Polly Jean Harvey
Multiple medallists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom included cyclist Sarah Storey, a British road and track racing cyclist and former what (sport)?
swimmer
How often is the journal established by the 1954 recipient of the Bharat Ratna published?
monthly
Walter Iván Montoya is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for a club that was formed on what date?
25 January 1890
Which band was formed first, Loudspeakers or Marcy Playground?
Marcy Playground
Romy Ruyssen, is a French mixed martial artist, she headlined the first Invicta Fighting Championships event, against which retired Dutch mixed martial artist?
Marloes Coenen
WereMaurice Elvey and Arthur Lubin both from the USA? 
no
Who directed the 2013 comedy that the song "Problem" was in?
Rawson Marshall Thurber
Fireball is a song by an American rapper whose first recorded mainstream performance was on a solo track from what 2002 Lil Jon album?
Kings of Crunk
Which director was from a geographically smaller country, Éric Rohmer or Robert Stevenson?
Robert Stevenson
The Orford Express operates seasonally on a former line headquartered in what city?
Hermon, Maine
What was named one of the seven wonders fo the architetural world by the magazine that has won twenty-five National Magazine awards?
the Red Ribbon
The re-telling of the origins of the famous Korean folktale "Chunhyangjeon" stars Jo Yeo-jeong from what country?
South Korean
Which  equestrian weekly magazine of the United Kingdom is Mark Phillips a columnist in 
Horse & Hound
Darla is the name of an episode from what television spin off of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"?
Angel
Howard Knob rises nearly 1000 ft above the town of Boone and a campus also referred to as?
Appalachian, App State, App, ASU
What base is located west of "Birdshit Island"?
Marine Corps Base Hawaii
"V" Is for Vagina is the debut studio album by Maynard James Keenan's side project Puscifer, the album features a significantly different, electronic sound and arrangements than Keenan's other bands: the progressive Tool and alternative A Perfect Circle, is an American rock supergroup formed by Billy Howerdel and Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan, in what year?
1999
Which award did Jorge Calvo Dorado receive for the psychological thriller film, Mindscape?
Goya Award
Klitgaarden (lit."The Dune House") is a former summer residence of the Danish royal family situated just south of Skagen on the northern tip of Jutland, the house was designed by Ulrik Plesner, and completed in 1914, for King Christian X and Queen Alexandrine, Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (24 December 1879 – 28 December 1952) was Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Christian X, she was also of which title?
Queen of Iceland
Who was born first out of Rupert Julian and Robert Z. Leonard?
Rupert Julian
Where is the network that first aired Digimon Fusion located?
based in New York City
Which heavy metal band released As Ugly as They Wanna Be which is a parody of 2 Live Crew's 1989 album?
Ugly Kid Joe
What is the population according to the 2010 census of the town the Connor-Bovie House is located?
6,735
What is the NEASC accredited high school that Mike DeVito attended?
Nauset Regional High School
Where was the docmentary television show Inked located when filmed?
Las Vegas Valley
Dr. Karni Singh Shooting Range was first constructed for the an event where how many records were broken?
74
What nationality were the ancestors of the congresswoman who introduced WEEA?
Japanese
In what year was the host of the show "The Great Escape" born?
1969
A Place to Live and The Panama Deception are both what?
documentary film
Gloria Gaynor's cover of "I Am What I Am" is from a musical that it's title translates to what in English ?
the cage of mad women
What feudal domain did William Henry Harrison Seeley fight against?
Chōshū
Are both Hottonia and Othonna geniuses of plants?
yes
What is the Kissin U singer known for in the Guiness World Records book?
highest paid child actress
Non-Stop starred the English actress best known for what role in Downton Abbey?
Lady Mary Crawley
Harrods Creek, Louisville merged with what most populous county in Kentucky in 2003?
Jefferson County
Juan Carlos Ferrero and Stan Wawrinka, are both what?
professional tennis player
Watertown International Airport and Blue Grass Airport, are in which country?
United States
Which catherdral is located in London, Norwich Cathedral or St Paul's Cathedral?
St Paul's Cathedral
Which woman's magazine was published first, the Australian Woman's Mirror or Woman's Viewpoint?
Woman's Viewpoint
Pat Gorman was in the 1980 American historical drama film about whom?
Joseph Merrick
What is the name of the series starring Park Bo-gum that has music created by Second Moon?
Love in the Moonlight
The movies Coraline and Scooby-Doo! and the Samurai Sword were both released in what year?
2009
What is Meena Rana's connection to Music of Uttarakhand?
famous Uttarakhandi singer
What is the name of the songwriter who created "Time Takes Time" and occasionally sang lead vocals on one song on an album such as, "Yellow Submarine?"
Ringo Starr
An official ambassador of the United Dance Organisation, this actor made his film debut in Street Dance 3D.
George Sampson
What term was coined during World War II for knives in the Victorinox collection?
Swiss Army knife
Which decision occurred first, "Everson v. Board of Education" or "Rasul v. Bush"?
Everson v. Board of Education
Who commissioned the 1919 ballet written by the creator of the role of the Can-Can Dancer in "La Boutique fantasque"?
Sergei Diaghilev
Old Smokey is a euphemistic name given to the state prison electric chair in New Jersey, which is on display at which location, the chair's most notorious victim was Bruno Richard Hauptmann, a German-born carpenter who was convicted of the abduction and murder of the 20-month-old son of aviator Charles Lindbergh? 
New Jersey State Police Museum
What 2002 Walt Disney film starring Dennis Quaid features the single "Slow Turning"?
The Rookie
Who tracked down and arrested the longest-serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp?
Hanns Alexander
Bogjurgan Hill is part of a region that includes which 14th-century towerhouse?
Fetteresso Castle
Turbidimetric inhibition immunoassay is used in many commercial immunoassays, including this medication sold under which brand name?
Lanoxin
Apart from the founder of the Exclusive Brethren, what is the name of the second person who was sent by the Plymouth Brethren to investigate the outbreak of supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit in Scotland?
Benjamin Wills Newton
After succeeding Arnold Burns, how long did Edwin Meese remain in office?
1985–1988
For what other platform besides television did the actor who voiced a role in the animated DC Comics universe also voice roles for?
video games
Which country held the Olympics games where Robert Seguso won a gold medal with Ken Flach in the men's doubles?
Republic of Korea
Maurice Edward Dockrell was a politician from a party that has how many members ?
35,000
Barbara Linares is a model for what parent company of Aerie?
American Eagle Outfitters
What year was the ceremony hosted by a journalist and broadcaster from Northern Ireland born 3 December 1959?
1995
Patrick Stewart plays which character in the film series based on the comic books created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby?
Professor Charles Xavier
Another american singer Jack Splash wrote music for was ?
Solange
What former Governor of Santa Cruz won after a runoff was canceled?
Néstor Kirchner
Which Israeli folk song is featured on Scottish bagpipes for the soundtrack album from Monty Python's Life of Brian?
Hava Nagila
Hawaii v. Office of Hawaiian Affairs, 556 U.S. 163 (2009), was a United States Supreme Court case about the former crown lands of the Hawaiian monarchy, the Court, in an opinion by which Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and has served on the court since January 31, 2006?
Samuel Anthony Alito Jr.
Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc. and Michigan v. EPA, are related to which mutual organization?
United States Supreme Court
What breed besides the Xoloitzcuintli is specifically bred for alopecia?
Chinese Crested Dog
Is it true that both Miho Hatori and Daryl Braithwaite have roots outside of the United States?
yes
Are Finance and I'm the Boss! both based on cooperation?
no
Who directed the film that stars Jake Pratt as "Alfie"?
Debbie Isitt
Are Pierre Bouvier and Chantal Claret both singers?
yes
What year did Danish film director Thomas Vinterberg direct Dear Wendy?
2004
Are both Nick Bantock and James Jones authors ?
yes
Who did the warchief Red Cloud defeat in the Powder River War?
Henry Beebee Carrington
Alice Costandina "Dina" Titus is considered to be what?
American politician
Masakatsu Ueda is a MMA fighter who is a blue belt under the martial artist who teaches which two disciplines?
shoot wrestling and jiu-jitsu
The Irish National Caucus was founded during a meeting of an organisation that was founded in what year?
1836
In what year was the playwright, who wrote, The Assignation, made England's first Poet Laureate?
1668
Cocky represents a cartoon version of a gamecock after what term was used by George Wilson?
cock of the game
Was the date that the album on which "There's No Home for You Here" appeared was released?
April 1, 2003
The Swan of Catania was taught by what Italian composer?
Giovanni Furno
Who was the first illustrator for a comic book character later assigned to Carlo Pagulayan?
Jack Kirby
Which star from the European version of Jersey Shore was on Ex on the Beach?
Scotty T
What institute in Washington D.C. is Bryan Douglas Caplan an adjunct scholar for?
Cato Institute
Which two countries face each other in a cricket match every year?
England and Australia
Which tennis player is from Europe, Virginia Ruano Pascual or Andy Roddick?
Virginia Ruano Pascual
Were the bands Oasis and Oingo Boingo both American bands?
no
The coach for the 1993 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was born in what year?
1937
An album released by Ziggy Marley called Dragonfly featured Flea who is best known as a bassist from what rock band?
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Jimmy Yuill, is a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company and later joined the Renaissance Theatre Company, he has appeared in many of Kenneth Branagh's films, most recently as Corin in which 2006 film written and directed by Kenneth Branagh, and based on the Shakespearean play of the same name?
As You Like It
Oleanna is a 1994 drama film starring an American actor who has appeared in summer what?
action films
The company where Pablo Hidalgo currently works has been purchased by The Walt Disney Company for what amount of money?
$4.06 billion
John Price Buchanan, was an American politician and farmers' advocate, Buchanan's lone term as governor was largely marred by which early 1890s armed labor uprising in the southeastern United States that took place primarily in Anderson County, Tennessee?
Coal Creek War
While Sunkist is a soft drink, what type of beverage is Venom Energy?
energy drink
Raymond Andrew "Ray" Winstone, is an English film and television actor, he has appeared in films such as The Magic Roundabout, a French-British computer-animated adventure fantasy film based on the television series "The Magic Roundabout", released in what year?
2005
What nationality is the singer of the song Love Crime ?
English
Ricardo Delgado has worked on the 2004 superhero film directed by whom?
Brad Bird
Medfield College is a fictitious university used as the setting for several films by The Walt Disney Company, Among them are the two "Professor Brainard" movies, one is The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes is a 1969 American comedy film starring who?
Kurt Russell
Are Chilopsis and Austrocedrus both genuses of flowering plants?
no
The character Joe Manganiello played in "Spider-Man" played what sport?
football
Are both Print and National Journal periodicals?
no
Which city is both the county seat of Lumpkin County, Georgia, as well as the home of the Lumpkin County School District?
Dahlonega
Which is the largest non-Catholic Christian denomination in the United States headed by Russell D. Moore, an American evangelical theologian, ethicist, and preacher?
The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission
Where did the holiday that falls on the day of the 2013 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race originate?
United Kingdom
Which monarch was king of England during the era that the novel Tod of Fens takes place during?
Henry V
Hans Schlegel and Reinhard Furrer, are German, of which mutual occupations?
physicist and astronaut
Mia Hansen-Løve won the Silver Bear for Best Director for a film staring whom?
Isabelle Huppert
How many square feet is the shopping mall located in the tallest completed building in Nevada?
500000
Who was a reformed criminal and former member of the gang who's founder embarked on a life of crime after being maimed in an industrial accident as a boy?
Envoy Richard 'Darkie’ Hutton
What position at a university was held by the coach working with the Texas Longhorns during the 1932–33 season?
athletics director
The 2003 SEC Championship Game was played at a stadium owned and operated by who?
the State of Georgia as part of the Georgia World Congress Center Authority
The 2004-05 season saw Futbol Club Barcelona restructure, following the retirement of a Spanish former professional footballer, and a current manager, who was born on May 8th in what year?
1970
What English actor born in 1972 was part of the ensemble cast of Contagion? 
Jude Law
Sosarme was written by this German and later British composer who became a naturalized British subject in what year?
1727
The comedian who starred in "The Librarian: Return to King Solomon's Mines" made his debut during which 1960s show?
The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart
Alexis Sánchez specialized in the event that is included in the athletics program at what premier event?
Summer Olympic Games
When was the person who wrote The Sovereignty of Good born?
15 July 1919
What crossover hit was a song by the American Industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails?
"Closer"
André Jardin (1912 – 1996) was a French biographer and historian, best known for his studies of Alexis de Tocqueville and 19th century French history, translated into English as "Tocqueville: A Biography" in 1988 by Lydia Davis and Robert Hemenway—was acclaimed as the definitive account of the life and career of the author of "Democracy in America"/De La Démocratie en Amérique, is a classic French text by Alexis de Tocqueville, published in how many volumes?
two
Which Infantry Division from world war 2, had a twenty year old lieutenant?
99th Infantry Division
What address does Diana Ross live at?
211 Central Park West
Are Just, Melvin: Just Evil and Speaking in Strings both documentaries about musicians?
no
Which group did this musician from the rock band that released Zeitgeist join shortly after the its breakup?
Zwan
Which state is the university, in which Paul Hostetter was the director of the John J. Cali School of Music, located?
New Jersey
"Begin Again" was co-produced by Taylor Swift and another record producer working in which field of music ?
country music
What fraudulent company was listed on both the Alberta Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange?
Bre-X
"The Poor Kid" is the fifteenth season finale of a series created by who ?
Trey Parker and Matt Stone
"Plop, Plop, Fizz, Fizz, Oh What a Relief it Is!" was a jingle for a product launched in what year?
1931
In what region was Eddy Mazzoleni born?
Lombardy, northern Italy
Who was the bassist for Tool's song "Schism"?
Justin Chancellor
Who is the director of 1999 American heist film in which J. Paul Boehmer appeared and stars Pierce Brosnan, Rene Russo and Denis Leary?
John McTiernan
Gerry Bertier was known as being on the team that was portrayed in which 2000 sports film?
Remember the Titans
Do the Bully Kutta and Chinese Chongqing Dog breeds originate from the same region?
no
What university did the members of the duo who recorded A Moment Apart attend?
Western Washington University
What show premiered Season 13 on The CW on October 12, 2017?
Supernatural
Which DAF brand truck is produced by Leyland Trucks at their Farington plant?
The DAF XF
Which gulf touches both Anna Maria Island and Anna Maria the city?
Gulf of Mexico
Which member of Mission Mountain Wood Band, abbreviated M2Wb, was appointed to the Montana Arts Council by Governor Brian Schweitzer?
Robert Ernest Quist
Mark Huffam was a producer on a spy comedy film parodying what secret agent?
James Bond
The 2012 St. Louis Rams season was the second and final season for the quarterback who now captains which team?
Minnesota Vikings
 What home stadium that Caio Henrique Oliveira Silva plays as an attacking midfielder?
Cerro del Espino Stadium
which title that has been created twice, once in the Peerage of England and once in the Peerage of the United Kingdom did its family owned Exeter House
Marquess of Exeter
What Cleveland Ohio based department store was one of the original anchors for the Parmatown Mall?
Higbee's
Where was Friedrich Hayek, the author of "The Fatal Conceit" born?
born in Austria-Hungary
Famous for her role as Peggy Bundy, when was the wife of producer, writer, and director on "The Shield" born?
born January 19, 1954
In which battle did the Uncle of Henry Armstrong Reed and youngest brother of a US Army Lt Colonel and a two-time Medal of Honor Recipient get killed along with his brothers and his nephew? 
Battle of the Little Bighorn
What number president is the person who had a feud with Megyn Kelly in her book Settle for More?
45th
Where was Proof born and where did he end up dying?
Detroit, Michigan
To whom was the shuttle service that operates in the Northeastern region sold to under its former name in 1989?
Donald Trump
John Lasseter and Mikhail Kalatozov, share which mutual occupation?
film director
What is the name of the third largest East Asian stock exchange that once featured the New World Department Store China?
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
What year was the father of  James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Hamilton born?
1658
Style was the single that Taylor Swift released after which other song from her album 1989?
Blank Space
Gulliver Nunatak,  is a nunatak with a flat, ice-free summit, 575 m high, at the north side of Adie Inlet, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, it was named by who, for the fictional character in Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels"?
FIDS
Which court case, Gonzales v. Carhart or Lawrence v. Texas, struck down the sodomy law?
Lawrence v. Texas
Lada Negrul, is a Russian actress and poet, and is the author and producer of documentaries about which highly popular Russian actor who starred in fifty seven films including several TV serials, such as "Spetsnaz" (2002)?
Vladislav Galkin
The Port Noarlunga Reef Aquatic Reserve and the Onkaparinga River are both located in which state of Australia?
South Australia
The 2000 French crime thriller film starred what writer and director besides Coralie Trinh Thi?
Virginie Despentes
which Szombathelyi Haladas footballer wears pyjama-like tracksuit bottoms while playing?
Gábor Ferenc Király
Are Károly Makk and Marco Bellocchio both film directors?
yes
Which band describes themselves as a "minimalist rock trio", Sunrise Avenue or Shellac?
Shellac
Who is the director of the horror comedy that Josh Stolberg participated screenwriting?
Alexandre Aja
Kahibah FC is based is what country?
New South Wales, Australia
When was the deposition of the father of Charles Lennox Duke of Richmond?
in 1651
Are Shifty Shellshock and Alissa White-Gluz both death metal vocalists?
no
What country of origin does Adeyfield and Hemel Hempstead have in common?
England
Who is the director of the movie "The Magic Christian" in which Peter Sellers was acted?
Joseph McGrath
From which ethnic tribe hail the Catuvellani, a settlement of whose can be found near the city of St Albans in Hertfordshire?
Celtic tribe
The actress that played Rose Buck in "Upstairs, Downstairs" also played what chacter in the tv series "Doctor Who"?
Sara Kingdom
George Edward Entwistle (born 8 July 1962) was Director-General of the BBC during 2012, succeeding who, he current Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of The New York Times Company?
Mark John Thompson
In what year was Archduke Franz Ferdinand assassinated during the July Crisis?
1914
 What is the area of the place which is famous for the home of Frank A. Vanderlip and his family?
5.9 sqmi
What kind of technique does SpongeBob SquarePants and Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy have in common?
animated
In what fictional comic universe is the American web television series Iron Fist, with Alex Wise playing the character Kyle, set in?
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Who featured in a Tamil romance film in 2001 that was born on March 28 1954?
Moon Moon Sen
What is the name of the musical written by this English comedian, author, playwright, actor, director, and writer of "The Young Ones" and composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber with lyrics by Glenn Slater?
Love Never Dies
What is the title of the book written by the host of "Family Feud"?
"Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man"
When was the second extended play of the American singer and songriter best known as the clean vocalist in post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance released?
It was released on September 1, 2017 on Vital Records.
New England Patriots, who lost to the Baltimore Ravens in 2009 playoffs also lost to what team in 2010?
New York Jets
Unlike a certain secretive recipe, Open-source cola is published. Who founded the secret formula?
Asa Candler
What song by AIR was on their debut album "Moon Safari" and was featured in the film "10 Things I Hate About You"?
Sexy Boy
Peter Benchley and Ödön von Horváth, have which mutual occupation?
novelist
The actress that rose to prominence after appearing in Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines" video co-stars with Zac Efron in a 2015 film directed by who?
Max Joseph
Which director/actor was in a British comedy film directed  by Duncan Wood?
Eric Sykes
What year did Heinrich Himmler join the unit that used the concept of Wehrbauer to refer to soldiers designated as settlers for the lands conquered during the German invasions of the Soviet Union and Poland?
1925
What is the name of this South Korean musician, singer-songwriter, record producer and actor in the rock band CNBLUE, who wrote the song You, My Star?
Jung Yong-hwa
Are Frailea and Cyathodes both types of plant?
yes
What town with a population of 36,124 at the 2010 census, has the Suffolk County Veterans Memorial Highway on the Jericho Turnpike?
Commack
Scenestar was known to organise events at what hotel in what country?
Australia
When was the university founded which is in Baltimore, Maryland and Stephen J. Suomi served as a research professor?
1876
Abel Ferrara (born July 19, 1951) is an American filmmaker, known for the provocative and often controversial content in his films, his use of neo-noir imagery and gritty urban settings, a long-time independent filmmaker, some of his best known films include which 1990Italian-American crime thriller film, starring Christopher Walken, Laurence Fishburne, David Caruso, Wesley Snipes, Victor Argo, and Giancarlo Esposito?  
King of New York
Full Circle is an American soap opera that starred Dyan Cannon and Jean Byron, who portrayed Patty Lane's mother in what show?
"The Patty Duke Show"
Which recording artist put out the album that has, to date, it has sold over 25 million copies worldwide, was features the song, "I Would Die 4 U"?
Prince
What is the birthdate of this Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India and for which Netaju Bhawan was maintained as a memorial to him?
23 January 1897
What Scottish novelist created a character whose name is the title of a film starred in by Ozzie Devrish?
J. M. Barrie
Roger Vignoles has accompanied singer Sylvia McNair, what redister does she sing in?
soprano
Are Bobby Tench and Marilyn Manson both songwriters?
yes
Who created the studio album Big Fish Theory?
Vince Staples
The artist who recorded the October 2005 song Cheatin' was born in what month?
February
What band consists of rapper/vocalist MC Ride (Stefan Burnett) who's second album is entitled No Love Deep Webb?
Death Grips
British screenwriter John Hodge adapted The Beach for a movie from the novel by which author?
Alex Garland
Until which year did this Polish professional boxer who lost to Joe Smith Jr. in 2016 in a knockout victory hold the IBO light heavyweight title?
2013
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros and The Script, share which musical genre?
rock
What has made headlines in relation to the arrest of the British politician who has been the conservative member of parliament for Ashford since 1997 and the First Secretary of State nd Minister for the Cabinet Office since 11 June 2017?
the doctrine of Parliamentary privilege
Which island nation in the Indian Nation did Kate Kung Foo practice badminton in?
Mauritius
When was the second promotional single from the album that contained "State of Grace" released?
October 2, 2012
The Special Division was upheld in a case that decided which act was Constitutional?
Independent Counsel Act
What book was the first foreign language film to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture based on?
The Great Illusion
Nasty Gal is an American retailer that specializes in fashion for young women, founded in 2006, by which American businesswoman, that started it at age 23?
Sophia Christina Amoruso
What is name of the bureau in the United States Department of Treasury that sets revenue rulings?
Internal Revenue Service
Were Ronnie Van Zant and Mick Jones both lead singers of a band?
yes
Which nature reserve was established in 1969, Monfragüe or Doñana National Park?
Doñana National Park
Enola Gay was one of the bombers that targeted the largest city on what Japanese island?
Kyushu
Which of the following is usually garnished with a slice of lime: Old Fashioned or Gin and tonic?
gin and tonic
Which fictional character devised by Lewis Carroll did  Alice recited 
The Mock Turtle
Are Electronic Gaming Monthly and MetroSource both magazines?
yes
What is the name of the painting stolen on March 19, 1990 for which a museum initially offered a $5 million reward for information leading towards its recovery?
Landscape with Obelisk is painting by Dutch artist Govert Flinck
In what Russian city is the studio which employs Konstantin Eduardovich Bronzit?
Saint Petersburg
What mid-fifties Canadian golf event on the PGA Tour was sponsored by the largest brewer in Canada?
Labatt Brewing Company
When was the head coach of the 2009-2010 Texas Longhorn's men basketball team born?
July 17, 1954
Which of the following received the 1908 Nobel Prize for Literature: Howard Fast or Rudolf Christoph Eucken?
Rudolf Christoph Eucken
What American rock band formed in 2004 from Franklin, Tennessee was featured on the AbsolutePunk website?
Paramore
Would the competition Bundeswettbewerb Gesang Berlin be held for the genres of light opera in even or uneven years?
uneven years
Užupis has been compared to a district of Copenhagen that was temporarily closed by residents in what year?
2011
The Casey Jr. is a water play area across from which aerial carousel-style ride located in Fantasyland at six Disney parks around the world?
Dumbo the Flying Elephant
How many records have been sold by one of the writers of "Bachelor Boy"?
more than 250 million
What locations is the folklore which Huldra belongs to representative of?
Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Iceland and the Faroe Islands
What song that was on an album with State of Grace, was released as a promotional single on September 25,2012?
Begin Again
What North Lincolnshire, England village contains the Humber Ferry?
New Holland
Who directed the 2009 fantasy drama film which Max Records is most notable for his roles as Max in
Spike Jonze
What year was the first Eddie Kaye Thomas featured American Pie film released?
1999
Were Alfred Döblin and César Vallejo both German nationals?
no
What goalkeeper participated in a football game for the premiere of A Trip to Jamaica?
Peter Rufai
How long was the battle that Don Chafin was a commander in in 1921?
five days
The manufacturing conglomerate that Steyr Mannlicher was originally a part of was broken up in stages between which years?
1987 and 2001
What event, inaugurated in 2011 in Beijing, did Lubabalo Kondlo win a silver medal in 2012?
SportAccord World Mind Games
What is the name of the city that is home to the airport which is a terminus of the Central Link Line which includes Mount Baker station?
SeaTac
Leon Robinson had a part in the 1993 film directed by whom?
Jon Turteltaub
What was the score of the Super Bowl that Matt Ulrich won with the Colts?
29–17
What year was Virginia G. Madsen cast in the American epic science fiction film written and directed by David Lynch?
1984
The actress that plays Karen van der Beek on "Californication" plays what role on the series "Believe"?
Erica Gallagher
Who is the fictional character in the Transfer of Power book from 1999 and in the film adaptation of "American Assassin"?
Mitch Rapp
How much did the movie whose prequel is the novel "Jumper: Griffin's Story" make in its opening weekend?
$27.3 million
ConnectU was founded by Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra, and this professional rower?
Tyler Winklevoss
The 2012 World Indoor Archery Championships was contested at a hotel owned and operated by what man?
Michael Gaughan
What company sponsored the 2009 LA Women's Tennis Championships and also sells nutrition supplements, sports nutrition, and personal-care products?
Herbalife
What network are both Ghostshrimp and Stakes known for?
Cartoon Network
DysEnchanted is a short subject about seven storybook characters: Snow White, Goldilocks, Sleeping Beauty, Alice In Wonderland, Dorothy, a European fairy tale young girl and a Big Bad Wolf and which other fairytale character? 
Cinderella
What was a parody of French novelist Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve's work advertised as?
The Ultimate Social Experiment
Skepticality has featured interviews with one of the cast members of the entertainment program created by whom?
Peter Rees
Which has a distinct summit, Saraghrar or Trivor?
Trivor
What British painter and musician was the bass player included on Anthology 1?
Stuart Sutcliffe
Both Longburgh and Burgh by Sands are located in which English country?
Cumbria
Who is the operator of two malls in Quezon City, one of which on the EDSA corner near Ortigas Avenue?
Robinsons Malls
Phaeochlaena costaricensis is found in a country located where?
Central America
In how many states of the Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations is English either spoken as first or second language or at least widely used?
52
Giacomo Meyerbeer and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart shared what occupation?
composer
Bluebottle (formerly known as AOS and now as A2) is a modular, object-oriented Operating System with unconventional features, it has automatic and garbage collected memory management and provides soft real-time features and is developed at which science, technology, engineering and mathematics university in the city of Zürich, Switzerland?
ETH Zurich
Amber Calling are an Australian pop punk and emo band from Adelaide, which formed in 2005 as 919, during their career they have supported shows by Panic! at the Disco, an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in what year?
2004
In what year was the Ghanaian footballer who graduated from the SC Bastia Reserves and Academy born?
1982
What short story is referenced in The Simpsons when the popular character voiced by Hank Azaria stars?
The Tell-Tale Heart
Who wrote the screenplay for the 2012 film this American film director, screenwriter and producer directed, who also worked on the "Underworld" series, "Live Free or Die Hard?"
Kurt Wimmer and Mark Bomback
Main Line of Public Works and Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel, are in the United States?
West
The place where John Laub is an American criminologist and Distinguished University Professor in the Department of Criminology and Criminal Justice at was founded in what year?
1856
Who is the chairman of the company which developed EZ-Frame?
Anand Mahindra
Into the Homeland starred the actress of what nationaity?
American
In what city did the Penn State Lady Lions capture their NCAA Division I WNIT title against the Baylor Lady Bears basketball team in 1998?
Waco, Texas
Nich Yaka Misyachna has been performed by which Russian tenor soloist?
Evgeny Mikhailovich Belyaev
Hong Kong Macau cultural exchange was a trip that tested which law who's purpose was to fulfil Article 23 of the Macau Basic Law?
Macau national security law
Kesektan is to be the center of the newly created Hesa Duwum Kohistan District in a province in the north-east of Afghanistan, and whose capital is what?
Mahmud-i-Raqi
What is the name of the book written by Otto Weininger which was published in 1903?
Sex and Character
What university was founded on rented premises in 1942, and grew to meet the needs of returning World War II veterans and later became Ontario's first private, non-denominational college, Carleton University or Duke University?
Carleton University
What actor born in 1945 starred in the show "Trial & Error"?
John Lithgow
Which long-time mistress of King Charles II of England occupied a townhouse in Pall Mall, London?
Nell Gwyn
What town does the Mount Agamenticus region covers has the summer resort's name means "beautiful place by the sea"?
Ogunquit
George Johnston was a key figure in putting down what rebellion by convicts against colonial authority in the Castle Hill area of the British colony of New South Wales?
Castle Hill convict rebellion
The Eek! segment Klutter was created by David Silverman and a man that manages what studio?
Savage Studios Ltd.
Who wrote a work that described European history until the dawn of the age of the longest serving monarch in European history?
Voltaire
Kazuhito Kosaka, is a Japanese comedian, better known by his stage names Daimaou Kosaka, and which name, used by his fictional singer-songwriter identity, and is best known for his single "PPAP (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen)"?
Pikotaro
 Michael Edward Curry served as head coach for an American Professional basketball team that has won how many NBA championchips?
three
When was the King of Hungary and Croatia  who transferred Schottenkirche to German-speaking Benedictine monks born 
10 August 139727
Sparganium and Cyperaceae, are which type of entities?
flowering plants
China Marine was source material for which 2010 American television series?
The Pacific
What  is a low-cost airline headquartered at Gurgaon, that is the largest airline in India, the third largest domestic airline being the flag carrier airline of India ?
IndiGo
Which city is in the Western area of Ireland which is also the home of Sean Smyth?
Galway
Who is affiliated with the University of Engineering and Technology, Taxila, Center for Advanced Studies in Engineering or Temple University?
Center for Advanced Studies In Engineering
Which English actor starred in “Hollywood Goes Classical" which was performed at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion?
Michael York
 "Wij zijn Ajax" features rap parts from a Dutch footballer who plays for what Turkish club?
Beşiktaş
What section of the canal that passes through Yealand Redmayne was never completed?
The section around the crossing of the River Ribble
Where are the headquarters of the league the Denver Pioneers play in?
Elmhurst, Illinois
Space Ducks features songs from the band started by Ruben Nielson, who was formerly of what group?
The Mint Chicks
Which of Chan Yung-jan and Svetlana Kuznetsova has appeared in more Gland Slam finals?
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova
Who was the mother of the man who was King of England from 1483 to 1485?
Cecily Neville
Rhiwallon ap Cynfyn, was a Welsh King, following the 1063 invasion of Wales by Harold and Tostig Godwinson, he was an Anglo-Saxon Earl of which location, that overthrew Gruffydd, Rhiwallon and Bleddyn jointly?
Northumbria
What ethnicity are both Befikra and Aditi Singh Sharma?
Indian
When does the nephew of Bradley James Orr made his debut in the Premier League club Liverpool?
11 April 2011
Who drafted the compromise which followed the admission of California as a state?
Henry Clay
 The O'Hara Watercolor School was burned down during fires that killed how many people?
16
What college that was chartered in 1829 did Chester C. Dillian coach at for one year from 1929-1930?
Georgetown College
Where were the deployment locations of an American football player who was the subject of a biography written by Jon Krakauer?
Iraq and Afghanistan
What country is the movie Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II and singer Shibani Kashyap from?
India
Are both MOD Pizza and Zpizza franchises?
yes
Robert Bozic fought and lost to a professional boxer with what nickname?
Easton Assassin
Which Nirvana album featured The Vaselines, Dave Grohl, and Chad Channing?
Incesticide
Carlo Prater holds a notable win other what American mixed martial artist born March 30, 1983 who competes in the Welterweight division
Melvin Guillard
Serving from December 1, 1994- November 30, 2000, which Mexican President headed the San Andres Accords?
Ernesto Zedillo
"Bass Down Low" is a single made by Dev as a follow up to a Far East Movements song from what album?
Free Wired
Which actor, who stars in the 1926 silent film comedy directed by William A. Seiter, was an amateur boxing champion?
Reginald Denny
What is the birthdate of this English musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer, who began his career in the early 1970s, and whose seventeenth studio album was All This Useless Beauty?
25 August 1954
The San Quentin Six were six inmates at San Quentin State Prison in the U.S. state of California, they were accused of participating in an escape attempt, on which date, that left six people dead, including George Jackson, a co-founder of the Black Guerrilla Family?
August 21, 1971
What Prince Regent likely stayed in Carlton House in 1811?
George IV
What company did Dave Thomas found who also founded the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption, the non-for-profit organization dedicated to find adoptive homes for children waiting in North America’s foster care system that was named for Melinda Lou "Wendy" Morse, who is also the namesake and mascot of the company?
Wendy's
Which has a greater population, Changchun or Huainan?
Changchun
In what year did an English professional snooker player from Leicester win the China Open?
1997
Who was born first, John Woo or Joseph Santley?
Joseph Mansfield Santley
The Roots of Coincidence is a 1972 book by Arthur Koestler, an introduction to theories of parapsychology, including extrasensory perception and psychokinesis, it is influenced by Carl Jung's concept of synchronicity, Jung, was a Swiss psychiatrist and psychoanalyst who founded analytical psychology, as a notable research scientist based at the famous Burghölzli hospital, under who?
Eugen Bleuler
Which actress starred in the Disney Channel series "Shake It Up" and released a modified version of the "Down Down Baby" clapping game?
Bella Thorne
What American quarterback for the Vikings worked with Terry Shea?
Samuel Jacob Bradford
Who acts as an analyst for a TV network for Kansas Jayhawks women's basketball team?
Brenda VanLengen
What style of film is the Office Christmas Party, a 2016 American production directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck and starring and ensemble cast including Kate McKinnon; a cast member on Saturday Night Live and The Big Gay Sketch Show.
comedy
What was the population in 2010 of a town that is represented by Nancy B. Sullivan?
10,798
What "spoken singing" style did Carl Hancock Rux use in his debut album "Rux Revue"?
Sprechgesang
What was the population in 2016 of the city that houses the Mtual Musicians' Foundation Building? 
481,420
Who was born first, Jon Ramer or Karen Armstrong?
Karen Armstrong
Are Michael Crichton and McG both authors?
no
Are Waris Hussein and Mathieu Kassovitz both actors?
no
Sarah Solemani is an award winning English actress, writer and activist, best known for starring in the BAFTA winning sitcom "Him & Her", a British television sitcom about a lazy twenty-something couple with what names?
Steve and Becky
Which Disney Film was released first, Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N. or The Apple Dumpling Gang?
Lt. Robin Crusoe USN
Tanhaiyan Naye Silsilay is a program aired on what Pakistani television network?
ARY Digital
What is the alternate name to the roadway which A5103 road ends at junction 3?
North Cheshire motorway
How many hotel rooms are in the Las Vegas hotel which hosted the 38th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards in 2011?
2,956
Saumya Tandon currently acts as the lead character in a tv series that premiered on what date?
March 02, 2015
The racer who finished second in the 1964 French Grand Prix was this nationality?
British
how is Tinsley Viaduct and A631 road connected?
England
Where is the hotel which  Gideon Putnam built it's city located 
Broadway
Which English couriter was married to the daughter of Gilbert Talbot, 7th Earl of Shrewsbury?
Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel
Marilyn Buck participated in the prison escape of what Black Liberation Army member?
Assata Shakur
Ranjhay Hath Gandasa is a comedy film starring which Pakistani-American singer-songwriter
Nadia Ali
Are Sherwood Stewart and Ekaterina Makarova from the same country?
no
Which rock band has more members, Skillet or Portugal. The Man?
Portugal. The Man
 The Golden Turkey Awards is a 1980 book by a film critic born in which year ?
1948
Ernst John von Freyend was adjutant to which Chief of the Armed Forces High Command during WWII?
Wilhelm Keitel
In between Irving Cummings and Jacques Feyder who adopted French nationality in 1928?
Jacques Feyder
What inventor of the snowmobile founded a transportation company based in Montreal?
Joseph-Armand Bombardier
After the worst rail disaster in Australian history, who was legislated as the combat authority for responding to major structural collapse incidents within the state of New South Wales?
Fire & Rescue NSW
The person who released "Sun Arise" was born in what year?
1930
Who directed the 2016 Pakistani romantic drama film produced by the CEO of ARY Digital Network?
Mehreen Jabbar
 Moisés Solano helped fund his racing career by playing a sport that is a variation of what game? 
Basque pelota
What mutant character is played by American actress Brianna Caitlin Hildebrand in the 2016 film Deadpool?
Negasonic Teenage Warhead
Joie Susannah Lee, is an American screenwriter, film producer and actress, and has appeared in many of the films directed by her brother, Spike Lee, including which 1986, American black-and-white comedy-drama film written, edited and directed by Spike Lee?
She's Gotta Have It
What band is the the owner of a label, currently working with many artists known for israeli trance music, a member of? 
Skazi
Paul S. Denam is a member of the band Sade but he is also a member of what other English band?
Sweetback
Tome Sizemore had a role in which movie that starred Wesley Snipes and Bruce Payne ?
Passenger 57
What type of art does Flatland Cavalry and Turnpike Troubadours have in common?
music
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring which organizations character Superman, it is a reboot of the "Superman" film series that retells the fictional character's origin story?
DC Comics
Ralf Zumdick pioneered the practice of the penalty-taking-goalkeeper when he scored against a German former football goalkeeper who was in the German squad that won the 1990 what?
FIFA World Cup
Which character did Margot Robbie win two Logie Award nominations for her portrayal of?
Donna Freedman
Wellingrove, New South Wales is northwest of the parish and town in what region of NSW?
New England
Are both Toy Story and Tarzan animated films?
yes
The president that signed a new Railway Labor Act in 1926 was a lawyer from what state?
Vermont
Which rock band was formed in Arizona, Sleep Room or Jimmy Eat World?
Jimmy Eat World
Which canal is the largest and most important drainage canal in the city of New Orleans, the 17th Street Canal or Champlain Canal?
17th Street Canal
Which Russian music project that refreshes on Wednesday featured the song "Feel It Still" at number one on their airplay chart and 
Tophit
What technology used to be how the school that Adelaide Miethke conducted classes?
radio
Are Kemess Mine and the Temagami-Lorrain Mine both located in Ontario?
no
The political party that Kayithi Narsi Reddy associates with was founded in what year?
1885
Are Racing Extinction and Incident at Oglala both documentaries
yes
Which is a condominium building, Central Park Place or World Trade Center?
Central Park Place
Who has won more Pulitzer Prizes, Thomas Friedman or Colson Whitehead?
Thomas Loren Friedman
The Kenwood Collection shopping center is located between Kentwood Towne Centre and a highway with a northern terminus in what city?
Cleveland
Which actress from The Andy Griffith Show was also part of the 1949 film Father Was a Fullback?
Betty Lynn
Who was found guilty of killing 22 villagers and originally given a life sentence but was released after a ruling by federal judge found their trial has been prejudiced by pre-trail publicity?
William Calley
Which enclosed shopping mall was formerly named for Benjamin Franklin and is next to the Millbrook, Philadelphia neighbourhood?
Philadelphia Mills
Mukhabarat el-Jamahiriya, (Intelligence of the Jamahiriya) was the national intelligence service of Libya under which Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist?
Muammar Gaddafi
Broken Bridges is a 2006 film that starred an American actress who appeared in Twins and Jerry Maguire, and is married to who?
John Travolta
The Highland Park and Lake Burien Railway runs from Everett to a city in what county?
Pierce County
Jamie Bell stars a 2008 American science fiction action film that is loosely based a 1992 novel written by whom? 
Steven Gould
Does the OPUS card use close physical proximity or WiFi networks to make payments?
close physical proximity
The 2011 Texas Longhorns football team was led by their 14th year head coach who is currently what for ESPN?
a college football commentator
Which Dutch-British CGI animated television series originally aired on KRO in the Netherlands is based on the "Miffy" book series by Dutch artist Dick Bruna?
Miffy and Friends
What former Congressman served five terms in the United States House of Representatives?
Harold Ford Jr.
What types of aeronautical machines are described above?
jet
The 1965 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big Eight Conference, was a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA)-affiliated Division I-A college athletic association, and was formed in which year?
1907
The Haringvlietdam is part of a construction project that is located in what country country?
the Netherlands
The recording of a musical released as an album on April 2 starred an English actress, singer, and what?
author
What profession is practiced by both Craig Serling and Zhang Yimou?
film director
Hi Fly Malta is a subsidiary of a charter airline located in what city?
Lisbon
Was Nam Woo-hyun or Eddie Vedder born first?
Eddie Vedder
At which battle, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, did King Harold defeat King Harald of Norway?
Battle of Stamford Bridge
Which American actress, model, and author depicted Miss Rita Desjardin in the adaptation of Stephen King's "Carrie?"
Judy Greer
The 2012 Spengler Cup was held in Davos, Switzerland between 26 and 31 December 2012, all matches were played at HC Davos's home known as Vaillant Arena, an arena in Davos, in which country?
Switzerland
The Great Escape is a 1963 American World War II epic film based on an escape by British Commonwealth prisoners of war from a German POW camp during World War II, starring which American actor, called "The King of Cool"?
Terence Steven "Steve" McQueen
KQRC-FM is a radio station with studios located in what city with a population of 9,323 at the 2010 census?
Mission, Kansas
In what state are the headquarters of this American multinational automaker, which has a 50:50 joint venture with Changan Automobile?
Michigan
Were Simone de Beauvoir and Bob Monkhouse both comedians?
no
Angel Eyes is a 2014 South Korean television series starring this person, that's better known by his stage name Seungri ?
Lee Seung-hyun
Forgotten Voices of the Great War is part of the oral archive at a British national museum organisation founded in what year?
1917
What country are Brockton High School and Dufferin Mall in?
Canada
Which film released in 2009 starring Kim Dong-Wook was the second most attended film of the year in South Korea?
Take Off
 Sheila Mullen is a Scottish painter whose works are in the permanents collection of the senior patrilineal descendant of who?
James, Duke of Monmouth
Which city that publishes the Marathi daily newspaper 'Loksatta' is titled "The City of Gates"?
Aurangabad
What was the name of the 2009 book about the US Coast Guard's most daring rescue about a T2 tanker, originating in the Coast Guard Station of Chatham, which had broken in two during a storm and inspired a 2016 film?
The Finest Hours
How many times has the driver, who won the Nation's Cup with Petter Solberg, in the 2014 Race of Champions, won  the 24 Hours of Le Mans ?
nine
George Juskalian took part in the invasion of what area during WWII?
French North Africa
Run Fatboy Run is a 2007 British-American comedy film directed by an actor who graduated from where?
Northwestern University
What is the third track on the Rolling Stones album that was the first to feature the same track listings in both its UK and US versions?
"In Another Land"
Buddymoon was written in part by a German actor who appeared in a number of TV shows was named one of The Hollywood Reporter's top 25 digital stars in what year?
2015
Did the authors Isaac Asimov and Jean Giono write their fictions in a similar setting?
no
Which Chinese professional tennis play lost in the first round of the 2013 ASB Classic to Jamie Hampton?
Zheng Jie
What nationality was the player acquired by the Milwaukee Bucks from the Charlotte Bobcats in the offseason before the 2004-2005 NBA season?
Georgian
What baseball team was co-owned by the president who was discussed in the 2004 Black on Broadway comedy special?  
Texas Rangers
which retired American basketball player and a sports show host  is one of the owner of Atlanta Hawks
Grant Henry Hill
The Sikorsky S-1 was the first fixed wing aircraft design by Igor Ivanovich Sikorsky, a Russian-American aviation pioneer in both helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft, first success came with which aircraft?
S-2
The 2010 FIFA World Cup Final had a single goal by a player who plays for what team?
FC Barcelona
What Pulitzer prize winning, American composer known for exploring addiction and homophobia, wrote "Tick, Tick...Boom!"?
Jonathan Larson
The 99p Challenge is presented by an English comedian who was born in East Dulwich, south London, and who came to prominence through her comedy partnership with Mel Giedroyc in what?
Mel and Sue
Barry Ricardo Forde (born September 17, 1976) is a Barbadian track cyclist, he was banned for two years and two months after testing positive for Testosterone on October 28, 2005, Testosterone is a medication and naturally occurring what?
steroid hormone
Francine McDougall directed what 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie whose soundtrack was released on June 7th?
Go Figure
Which is a comopany that provides human resources management software, United Continental Holdings or Automatic Data Processing?
ADP, LLC.
What entertainment venue was a part of the Northern Soul movement?
Blackpool Mecca
What is the name of the 1972 film based on Nicholas Monsarrat's novel and stars Colin Blakely?
Something to Hide
Mile 81 contained an excerpt from what Stephen King novel that was published November 8, 2011?
11/22/63
Who directed the black comedy film for which Jacques Mathou was best known? 
Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc
The lead vocalist of rock band Drug Restaurant is also a member of the cast of a South Korean variety show that airs on what network?
KBS2
That's My Mommy, released in which year, is an one reel animated "Tom and Jerry" short directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera?
1955
Which film became a defining film of the French New Wave movement and is the first series of five films in which Jean-Pierre Leaud stars? 
The 400 Blows
Has Alek Keshishian been the writer for more films than Mark Krikorian?
yes
What is Chinese name for the science fiction prequel to an American neo-noir science fiction film directed by Denis Villeneuve?
2048: No Escape or 2048: Nowhere to Escape
The inner urban neighbourhood Eureka Tower is in had a population of what in 2011?
11,235
A Seattle Illustrator and editorial cartoonist, who was the first illustrator to show a public market that overlooks the Elliot Bay waterfront, was the son of what other cartoonist?
John Hager
Are Roy Rowland and Víctor Erice both film directors?
yes
Are the magazines, Me Naiset and Today's Housewife, catering to female readers?
yes
For Which team did the second man to win a championship in three different decades play ?
San Antonio Spurs
Who was the editor of the book Grand Canyon : A Different View that Kurt Patrick Wise contributed to ? 
Tom Vail
The film To Hell and Back stars a combat solider that received the Medal of Honor at what age?
19
This British scholar who attended the oldest English-speaking university in the English speaking world was president of the British academy for what length of time?
from 1971–74
HeroClix is a collectible miniatures game where players construct teams from various video games such as a fighting video game franchise developed and published by who?
Capcom
In what year did Brian Hugh Warner perform on MTV Europe Music Awards?
1999
Who wrote Peter and Gordon's biggest hit, "A World Without Love"?
Paul McCartney
What technique, taught by Nelly Ben-Or, is an educational process that attempts to develop the ability to avoid unnecessary muscular tension by retraining physical movement reactions?
Alexander Technique
Which western swing musician, known as the "king of western swing", helped write the song "Time Changes Everything"?
Bob Wills
Aleksey Petrovich Yermolov, was a Russian Imperial general, of the 19th century who commanded Russian troops in the Caucasian War, he distinguished himself during the Napoleonic Wars at which event that was fought on March 30–31, 1814 between the Sixth Coalition—consisting of Russia, Austria, and Prussia against the French Empire?
Battle of Paris
Are Sorghastrum and Calocedrus both a genus of grass
no
Which American musician who participated in the "Nashville sound" for most of his professional career covered the song "I'm Gonna Be a Wheel Someday?"
Boots Randolph
Peter Julian Curtin appeared in "The Plough and the Stars" with an Australian actress whose biggest role was in what 1982 film?
Lonely Hearts
Who is the voice actor for the main character of the Pixar film which received a Golden Globe Award in 2008?
Patton Oswalt
What number president was the most notable Congressman from Massachusetts Congressional District 11?
sixth
Which American actor has been featured in the movie Avengers: Infinity War and  has been nominated for four Academy Awards?
Bradley Charles Cooper
Which film featured the song, Zenzenzense, and was produced by CoMix Wave Films?
Your Name
Who started the Swiss Reformed Church and initially promoted the Reformation in Switzerland?
Huldrych Zwingli
Jeremy J. Ford and Randal Kleiser are both what?
film director
In what city did Tom Kibler coach baseball, basketball, and football teams?
Chestertown, Maryland
Who did Henry Seymour believe wrote Shakespeare's plays?
Sir Francis Bacon
the head coach of the LSU Tigers football team is Ed Orgeron, who is currently the head coach at what university?
Louisiana State
Die Hard 2 co-starred the actor who played James Evans, Sr. on what CBS series?
Good Times
On what date was the album first issued whose outtakes provided the first four tracks on the album The Unissued Johnny Cash
November 3, 1958
What German national anthem was reinstalled after Ich hab' mich ergeben?
Deutschlandlied
Batman: Knight Gallery was a comic book that featured art from the artist best known for work on what two other comics?
"Starman" and "Robin"
Joy Franz, is an American actress and singer, born in which year, best known for her stage work, she played Susan in the original 1972 West End production of company, by Stephen Sondheim, an American composer and lyricist known for more than a half-century of contributions to musical theatre?
1941
What project was finished at a later date, Panzer VII Lowe or Panzer VII Maus?
Panzerkampfwagen VIII Maus
The first recording of Piano Sonata in B minor was made by a pianist who passed away in which year ?
1982
In what television show did the Life Under Water actress win two Emmys for in 2001 and 2004?
Sex and the City
When did the arena that hosted the 2017 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials open?
January 1996
The Social Contract, or Of the Social Contract, or Principles of Political Law, by Jean-Jacques Rousseau, is a book in which Rousseau theorized about the best way to establish a political community in the face of the problems of commercial society, which he had already identified in what is commonly known as the "Second Discourse", this work by this philosopher is titled what?
Discourse on Inequality
How much profit has the logo of the American athletic shoe and clothing manufacturer who has trademarked the slogan "Just Do It" made?
$26 billion
How many years of service must be performed to receive the ribbon created by the first United States Secretary of Defense?
ten years
 when is the American basketball coach which Boston Celtics hired in  2004–05 born 
October 13, 1961
When was the Australian television and feature film producer born who voiced in Johnny Swank for the  secret agent's sidekick K2?
25 November 1961
Puddleglum the Marshwiggle is a character from a novel published in which year ?
1953
On what year the Pakistani drama could've been nominated for the Hum Awards?
2014
Life of Kylie is an American reality television series starring Kylie Jenner,  best known for starring in the E! reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" since what young age?
nine
Do both Lionel Barrymore and Jorge Olguín work as a film director?
yes
Who has been a WWE  star Seth Rollins or Jirair Hovnanian?
Seth Rollins
Who was born first, Dickran Tevrizian or Christy Canyon?
Dickran M. Tevrizian Jr.
Who is one of the highest paid actors in the industry and is the recipient of several awards including a Filmfare Award, who left Entity Paradigm before the release of "Strange Circus" ?
Fawad Afzal Khan
Who won more Pulitzer prizes, Sylvia Plath or Michael Cunningham?
Michael Cunningham
What Danish director is the director of Oslo, August 31st distantly related to?
Lars von Trier
What type of media does A Separate Peace and George Segal have in common?
film
When was Elspeth Campbell And Menzies Campbell born?
born January 1940
Who is the grandmother to the famous poet from Joplin Missouri?
Mary Patterson
Hsieh Su-wei and Manuela Maleeva, have which mutual occupation?
tennis player
What British ship did Dr. James A. Mcllroy voyage on that was crushed by ice causing her to sink 1n 1916?
Endurance
Breakout Labs is a grant-making body operating as part of the Thiel Foundation, a philanthropic organization created by which American entrepreneur, venture capitalist, philanthropist, political activist, and author?
Peter Andreas Thiel
What hotel did the influential National Crime Syndicate member found with David Berman?
Flamingo Hotel
What country was Joseph Eccles born in?
England
The 1932 Maccabiah Games were in commemoration of the 1800th anniversary of a revolt that historians also refer to as what?
Second Revolt of Judea
Jonathan Freeman worked on the 2008 drama film that was taken from a script by whom?
Sharman Macdonald
Abu Hajal Muslim ibn Awsaja was a companion of what prophet who was the founder of islam, and who united Arabia into a single Muslim polity?
Muhammad
Where is the brand and buying group which  Filco foods has 8 stores and operates as part of located 
the United Kingdom
What arena built in 1987 do the Melbourne Vixens play home games at?
Margaret Court Arena
Which series of Playstation games spawned a feature film and has a latest instalment called "Deadlocked"?
Ratchet & Clank
Between Ray Wilson and Nick Carter, who has released more solo albums?
Nick Carter
What year was the Voivodeship, where Anna Maria Borowska was born, created? 
1926
Which musician, Jaret Reddick or David Sylvian, plays a Music Man Axis that has a flag of Texas design on it?
Jaret Ray Reddick
Lee Min-ho stared in his first leading film role in 2015 in a film which was set in which part of Seoul? 
Gangnam district
Sir William James Ingram, 1st Baronet (27 October 1847 – 18 December 1924) was Managing Director of "The Illustrated London News", appeared first on Saturday 14 May 1842, as the world's first illustrated weekly news magazine, it appeared weekly until which year?
1971
Dean McCarthy played a boy becoming what in an adaptation of Billy Elliott? 
professional ballet dancer
The character Igor Dmitriev played in "Hamlet" was summoned by what king to distract the prince from his apparent madness?
King Claudius
Which Navy facility was next to NAS Quonset Point and is now listedd on the National Register of Historic Places?
Camp Endicott
Are David Draiman and Kip Winger both musicians and vocalists?
yes
What restaurant is located in more states, Pizzeria Venti or Pizza Schmizza?
Pizzeria Venti
The horse-collar tackle technique is most closely associated with a football player who played college football for what school?
University of Oklahoma
The 2001–02 Calgary Flames season was the 22nd National Hockey League season in Calgary, in how many separate draft-day trades, the Flames dealt goaltender Fred Braithwaite and forwards Jason Wiemer and Valeri Vladimirovich "Val" Bure away, a Russian-American former ice hockey right winger?
two
What was the nickname of the General of The Twelfth United States Army Group?
Brad
What country is the man, with whom John Spencer beat in a 2006 primary, slated to become the next United States Ambassador for?
Singapore
In which city was this global energy and commodity trading company larger than Trafigura as an oil trader formed?
Rotterdam
Tevin Sherard Elliot played for a university football team that is a member of which conference ?
the Big 12 Conference
Wall Street is a 1987 American drama film, directed and co-written by Oliver Stone, the film tells the story of Bud Fox (Sheen), a young stockbroker who becomes involved with which wealthy, unscrupulous corporate fictional character in the 1987 film "Wall Street" and its 2010 sequel?
Gordon Gekko
Are Don Henley and Morrissey both singers and songwriters?
yes
Where is the band from, that the heavy metal musician who is known by the nickname "133" is a member of?
Des Moines, Iowa
Which 1961 book was written by one of the founders of the Creation Research Society?
The Genesis Flood: The Biblical Record and its Scientific Implications
Matthew Pettinger's birth place is on the which river?
North Saskatchewan River
How far from Sydney was Marie Cornish born at?
362 km
Do Bellevalia and Pear belong to the same family?
no
On which semi-autobiographical film is based the 2009 romantic musical drama, which features an ensemble cast including the English actress who made her debut with the Old Vic Company?
8½
Are both TD Securities and Wachovia Securities investment banks?
yes
What disease was Kyle Broflovski infected with by one of his three friends?
HIV
Were Kotiliesi and Lear's published in the same country?
no
How wide is the location of the Battle of the Sound at its narrowest point?
4 km
The actor who played Ann Perkins on NBC's "Parks and Recreation", was the executive producer of which romantic comedy television series ?
A to Z
Both Grinderman and Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are a rock band based out of where?
Melbourne
,John Kassir, is an American actor, voice actor and comedian.Kassir is also known for his role as Ralph in the Off-Broadway show "Reefer Madness", a musical satire of which year?
1936
Willie the Kid appeared on the mixtape tha was part of what pentalogy?
Gangsta Grillz
What Sudanese-born Australian professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA) held himself back a year in high school before declaring for the NBA Draft?
Thon Maker
Jeanette Miller is an American character actress who appeared in a Christmas-themed romantic comedy film produced by who?
Spyglass Entertainment
Edlira Dedja Bytyçi is an Albanian Artist of piano, art critic, municipal councilor, and the creator and leadership of the cultural foundation Opera sans frontieres -Opera without borders, promotes famous Opera artists like which Albanian soprano? 
Ermonela Jaho
What is the title of Jung Ji-hoon's first single from his third album? 
"It's Raining"
What genre of television are the shows Buried Treasure and Pawn stars?
reality television
Which studio album released in 2014 has this song that is featured in "Now That's What I Call Music! 56?"
1989
Charles Orme was part of the directing team on which 1951 Technicolor film?
The Tales of Hoffmann
What is the name of the film released in 2001 which starred the actress who played the role of Jackie Burkhart on "That '70s Show"?
Get Over It
Elvira Madigan's father was born in what year?
1850
The fictional character "2-D"'s singing voice is provided by a musician that is the principal songwriter of what virtual band?
Gorillaz
Are Jennifer Lynch and Martin Scorsese both directors?
yes
What was the name of the debut album of the Hertfordshire-based rock band was signed to record label Infectious Music?
Young for Eternity
Alice Greeley Dewey (1928 – June 11, 2017) was an American anthropologist who studied Javanese society, among her doctoral students was Stanley Ann Dunham. who was an American anthropologist who specialized in the economic anthropology and rural development, of which country?
Indonesia
What character did the star of the Irish film directed by Paddy Breathnach play in the HBO drama series "Rome"?
Marcus Agrippa
Battletoads/Double Dragon is a game that can be played on this company's Game Boy?
Nintendo
Who appeared in more television shows, Larry Hagman or Nagisa Oshima?
Larry Martin Hagman
What life member of The Actors Studio often portraying military or authority figure roles stared in a film that  was directed by Richard Wilson?
Robert F. Simon
What were the major dance styles during the era that was roughly from 1600-1750?
noble court dances
When was the retired Indian track and field athlete coached by O. M. Nambiar born? 
27 June 1964
Are Terry Zwigoff and Pavel Ruminov both American film directors?
no
The Bee Gees were a music group that was formed in 1958. Where was their album released in?
South America
Who was nominated for more Academy Awards, Vittorio De Sica or Robert Altman?
Robert Bernard Altman
What award by Patient Privacy Rights is named after an associate justice on the Supreme Court?
Brandeis Award
What is the approximate area of this country where Lobelia columnaris can be found (other than Cameroon)?
28000 km2
What shopping centre located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia does KLCC District Cooling provide district cooling for?
Suria KLCC
Where was the host of Pressure Pad born?
Glasgow, Scotland
Dan Laustsen was in what movie that was directed by Stephen Norrington?
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
What are Echinacea and Bamboo?
plant
What is the name of the sequel to the novel written by an Indian novelist and poet who has also written "Mappings" and "Beastly Tales"?
A Suitable Girl
When was the college headed by William Drea Adams in 1997 founded?
1846
Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act is proposed by Chris Smith, who is the chairman of Congressional-Executive Commission on China, Christopher Henry Smith (born March 4, 1953) is the U.S. Representative for New Jersey 's 4 congressional district , serving since which year?
1981
Are Beyond the Call and King Gimp both documentaries?
yes
The runner-up in the 1999 World Drivers' Championship appears on the front cover of a racing video game developed by what company?
Studio 33
How many novels are in the C.S. Lewis series that the Brazilian series "Sítio do Picapau Amarelo" has been compared to?
seven
what Newark NHL team selected a Canadian professional ice hockey player in 2008?
New Jersey Devils
 The Kansas City Power & Light District includes the headquarters of what tax prep company?
H&R Block
Who is the American bass guitarist known for his work in a virtual death metal band featured in "Metalocalypse"?
Bryan Beller
What is the name of the battle in the American Revolutionary War that François de Fleury served in during June of 1778?
Battle of Monmouth
Which magazine is published more frequently, Fucsia or Pronto?
Pronto
Aaron Goodwin is a sports agent who represented a client who was born when?
August 7, 1989
Kim Coco Iwamoto appointed who as the seventh governor of Hawaii?
Neil Abercrombie
Felix Salmon is a financial journalist, formerly of an English-language magazine first published in what year?
1969
Roddy Woomble and Kelli Ali, have which mutual occupation?
singer
What year was the artist who released the album, The A-Z Recordings, born?
1955
Tony Carr, an English sports coach and former Director of Youth Development, coached the 2010 England squad which included which player that plays as a striker for Premier League club Bournemouth and the England national team?
Jermain Colin Defoe
Are Ulrich Seidl and Amir Naderi both directors ?
yes
Procopio Franco Hernández, competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics, for which sport of running on a measured course over an established road (as opposed to track and field and cross country running)?
Road running
When did the reign end of the Queen for whom the TV series "Reign" is based on? 
24 July 1567
What position does Tobias Schweinsteiger's brother play for Chicago Fire?
midfielder
The writer of "God Bless Our Homeland Ghana" was also the conductor of what orchestra?
National Symphony Orchestra in Ghana
Craig Thomas's scriptwriting credits include the sitcoms "How I Met Your Mother" and "American Dad!" In which year did both series premiere?
2005
What car replaced the Ferrari Type F129 and was replaced by the Ferrari F430?
Ferrari 360
What occupation did Eugene Dynkin and Anatoly Maltsev both have in common?
mathematician
What rock band performed the second single from the 2008 vampire movie starring Kristen Stewart?
Mutemath
"Cook of the House" is a song written by Paul and Linda McCartney, and released as the B-side to the number 1 single "Silly Love Songs," written in response to who accusing him of writing only "silly love songs"?
music critics
Who did the singer of "All Gold Everything" sign a recording contract with in 2012?
Def Jam Recordings
yphoon Oliwa was one of a record eleven super typhoons in a season with how many Category 5 storms?
ten
William Aulton Kennedy was a pitcher for the Cleveland Indians, St. Louis Browns, Chicago White Sox, Boston Red Sox and Cincinnati Redlegs, what US city are the Cleveland Indians based out of?
Cleveland, Ohio
In what county is the bridge that provides direct access to the Rockaway Peninsula via Seagirt Boulevard located?
Nassau County
Who is an English actress who starred in "The Truth About Charlie?"
Thandie Newton
 When was president of South Korea which  The Presidential Council on Nation Branding, Korea  lies under his direct control born 
24 January 1953
Who is the former Secretary of Transportation at the state government organization in charge of maintaining public roadways of the U.S. state of Kansas?
Deborah Miller
Where does the current PFL Welterweight Champion train?
American Kickboxing Academy
Who was born first, Claude Debussy or Gian Carlo Menotti?
Claude Debussy
Norman Crider held an exhibition on which creator of the rule "The Dying Swan".
Anna Pavlova
Which magazine YM or Midwest Living was founded first ?
YM
What beauty contest did one of actresses starring in The Menu take runner up in, in 1990?
Miss Hong Kong
What below an influential music venue which changed little until its closure featured an American folk singer-songwriter who has had a music career spanning more than fifty years ?
a 400-year-old wine cellar
Oumar Tchomogo who was born in Cotonou, where is this city located?
Benin
Are Thomas Keneally and Peter Straub both novelists?
yes
What is the current home stadium for the California football team which formerly included John David Crow?
Levi's Stadium
Which artist also had a solo career, Jeff Martin or Mark Rankin?
Jeffrey Scott Martin
Cloud Nine featured the Irish band originally known by what name?
21 Demands
What country does Shayang County and Mengzhou have in common?
China
Parrot Carrot, in ebook form, is voiced by the Australian singer known for which song?
The Elephant Song
Were both Hal Hartley and Mervyn LeRoy producers?
yes
Oberth effect is named after a physicist who passed away in what year ?
1989
Who directed the 1973 Argentine romantic musical film starring the Argentine Elvis?
Julio Saraceni
What county do both Edward John Primeau and Rochester Hills, Michigan have in common?
Oakland County
Which is older Bowdoin College or Brown University?
Brown University
Total: From Joy Division to New Order is a compilation album of material from Joy Division and which English rock band formed in 1980, currently comprising Bernard Sumner, Stephen Morris, Gillian Gilbert, Phil Cunningham and Tom Chapman?
New Order
Beatty Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of which unincorporated town along the Amargosa River in Nye County in the U.S. state of Nevada?
Beatty
Which university is the third-largest university campus in the United States, Indiana University or Ohio State University?
Ohio State University
Which Shakespeare play did the actress cast in Rogue One appear in for the Oxford University Dramatic Society?
The Comedy of Errors
Where did the fairy Queen Mab orginate?  
William Shakespeare
Fox–Wisconsin Waterway and Alexandria Canal, are forms of waterways?
yes
 Green on Red and Hollywood Undead are both what?
rock band
The Devotions released a song in 1961 about a short story written by whom?
Washington Irving
How are Lago and Emila related?
husband of Emilia
McLeod's Daughters is an Australian television drama program, created by Posie Graeme-Evans and Caroline Stanton, Initially, the series starred which Australian actress, best known for her role as the main character of Tess Silverman McLeod, on the television drama series "McLeod's Daughters",as one of two main protagonists?
Bridie Carter
The 3852 Democratic National Convention nominated Franklin Pierce over what American military officer who represented Michigan in the United States Senate?
Lewis Cass
Wicked Games is featured on the soundtrack for the film directed by whom?
Antoine Fuqua
Surinder Sodhi composed the music for special 26, when was it relieced. 
February 5, 2013
What is the NATO reporting name of the supermaneuverable fighter aircraft produced by Sukhoi Aviation Corporation that carries the OFAB-100-120?
Flanker-C
Liz Rose co-wrote the Taylor Swift song released on which date in 2007?
February 19
The real life person that James Woods' character is based on in the television film In Love and War was awarded what medal?
Medal of Honor
How to Survive a Plague includes footage of a demonstration at a cathedral in what city?
New York City
Which diesel powered passenger train is served at the Jacksonville Amtrak Station in Jacksonville, Florida along side the "Silver Star"?
Silver Meteor
Which American running back played for Oregon State and was coached by Paul Boudreau?
Steven Jackson
What is the birthplace of the 23rd United States Secretary of War?
Fairview
Who was born first, Dikran Kelekian or Anna Der-Vartanian
Dikran Kelekian
Ren and Stimpy, created by John Kricfalusi, are the title characters in which American-Canadian animated television series, for Nickelodeon?
The Ren & Stimpy Show
What country of origin does LD Beghtol and 69 Love Songs have in common?
American
Rdio was a music streaming service that held apps on several platforms, including iOS and Android phones, Sonos systems and which brand that derived its name from the Japanese word for "six"?
Roku
Which magazine was founded first, VIVmag or Allure?
Allure
Chuck Brodsky wrote a song about basebell that also spoke of the spy who served during which war?
World War II
When was the English actress born who acted in The Royle Family as Baebara?
7 December 1943
Which English Rock band was announced as a headliner at T in the Park 2012?
The Stone Roses
Were both Wang Xiaoshuai and Justin Reardon producers?
no
Who did Luis Gianneo teach, who became considered a chief exponent of Argentine folk music?
Ariel Ramírez
Which game was invented first, X-COM or Summit?
Summit
Who wrote the 2015 comedy-drama film directed by the director of the winner of Academy Award for Best Picture in 1998?
Ol Parker
"So Sorry, I Said" is a single by a singer and actress that won an Acadmeny Award for her role as Sally Bowles in what film?
"Cabaret"
The actor that played Eddie Moon on the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" has had how many top 40 albums?
16
Where is the laboratory that houses The Tandem Van de Graaff located?
Upton, New York
What site, popular among spring breakers, were also places were Jeopardy! Collect Championship contestant searches was held?
Daytona Beach, Florida
 George Joseph Maloof Jr is the minority owner of a hotel and casino with how many rooms and suites?
703
An example of a snare rush that is in the last 18 seconds of the song "Ghetto Body Buddy" by who?
Venetian Snares
Which city is more populous, Liaoyang or Changchun?
Changchun
What is the name of the drama film directed by Mark Pellington starring Patton Oswalt?
Nostalgia
In the 2009 the Major League Soccer All-Star Game, this American player, who played for Colorado Rapids, saved three kicks in the shootout.
Tim Howard
When was the singer of Simple Song Number 3 born?
22 November 1962
When was the division for  which Len Reynolds was selected as the Labor candidate created? 
1922
Boomerang specializes in classic and contemporary animated programming, including an American animated cartoon franchise that was created for Hanna-Barbera Productions by writers Joe Ruby and who else?
Ken Spears
When was the Mexican American suspected drug lord which Héctor Beltrán Leyva declared war on born 
August 11, 1973
When was Goodnight Vienna, the fourth studio album by Ringo Starr released in the US?
27 January 1975
What was the middle name of the pianist who first performed Prokofiev's Piano Sonata No. 8?
Grigoryevich
Are Cesky Terrier and St. John's water dog from the same country?
no
What French composer and pianist had the first British performance of their Organ Concerto in Chichester Cathedral in 1943?
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc
Which of the bottled water sold in Mantra  is a Norwegian-based brand of bottled water from the village of Vatnestrøm in Iveland municipality, Aust-Agder county?
Voss
What significantly underreported activity does the band Hirsute Pursuit focus on thematically? 
gay sex, and the gay bear subculture
Where were the Leading chief of the Seminoles removed to in the 1830s?
Indian Territory
For what ride is Pepper's ghost, an illusion technique, used when the Blue Fairy disappears, leaving a pile of fiber-optic fairy dust on the floor?
Pinocchio's Daring Journey
Which 'My Name Is Earl' star is also know for his role in a advertising campaign for OfficeMax?
Eddie Steeples
Are both Irving Cummings and Dennis Gansel from America?
no
What year was footballer Paul Aldridge's father born?
1958
Sinbad starred in what 1997 comedy film?
Good Burger
Are Catasetum and Lomandra both genus of plants ?
yes
Which son of Bernardo Mattarella was an elected judge on the Constitutional Court?
Sergio Mattarella
Envoy Air is a wholly owned subsidiary of an airline group that flies to how many countries worldwide?
56
Dravid Brook co-wrote a song with this American singer, songwriter and record producer with who?
Charlie Puth
Philip Skinner created the role of what former Ku Klux Klan organizer in Appomattox?
Edgar Ray "Preacher" Killen
In what year was the star of Ghost Whisperer born?
1979
Jean Vander Pyl provided the voice of Rosie on the Hanna-Barbera animated sitcom that originally premiered on which date?
September 23, 1962
Who was born first, Dennis Potter or Daniil Kharms?
Daniil Kharms
World UFO Day is celebrated on the day an American aviator claimed to see nine unusual objects flying near where?
Mount Rainier, Washington
In what state did Olivia Newton-John perform Summer Nights? 
Nevada
What was the nationality of the person who said Leonard Jimmie Savage was "one of the few people I have met whom I would unhesitatingly call a genius"?
American
In what year was the last novel of the author who wrote Revolutionary Road published?
1986
In which city is the J. I. Clements Stadium which is home of the Georgia Southern University Eagles baseball team?
Statesboro, Georgia
A verse in the Billy Joel song "The Entertainer" references the shortening of another Joel song that was released in what year?
1973
What do films The Seafarers and Out of Place have in common?
documentary
Robert Muise was a Trial Counsel at the law center based in what city?
Ann Arbor
Julia Alexandrovna Kourotchkina was crowned as which national Beauty pageant in Russia?
Miss Russia
Ohio native William Gladstone Steel helped create Crater Lake National Park, where the lake is most famous for what?
deep blue color
When was the American guitarist, songwriter and author born who's second studio album Una Noche Más?
August 14, 1969
What was the subject of an incident at a sports stadium in Perth, Western Australia?
ComBat
Wonder World is the second studio album by a pop group formed by what producer?
Park Jin-young
what nationality was the actress that stared in Madeleine, that was also Leans then wife?
English actress
Do both MODE and Women's Health focus on the issues faced by women?
yes
Frank Ellis Boynton worked at a tourist attraction that stands today as one of the most prominent remaining examples of what?
the Gilded Age
Spry was a brand of vegetable shortening produced by a British manufacturing company founded in what year?
1885
What is the name of the wife of Svend Borberg's son?
Sunny von Bülow
When was the American animated/live-action comedy film series began which was the second film produced by Paramount Animation? 
2004
What event took place at Entebbe Airport in Uganda on 4 July 1976 in which Brigitte Kuhlmann was killed?
Operation Entebbe
A well-endowed parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of New York was the first tallest building in New York over a building that was demolished in what year?
1966
Douglas M. North is the head of a school located in what city?
Albany, New York
What was the name of the opera which You Send Me and Summertime were both songs on the album?
Porgy and Bess
Richard Schiff will appear in what new TV series that was developed by David Shore, and is based on a 2013 South Korean series?
The Good Doctor
The Australian Minister for Sport is the Hon. Greg Hunt also serves as the Minister for what?
Minister for Health
What is the real name of the character that Mark Rylance portrayed in "Bridge of Spies"?
Vilyam "Willie" Genrikhovich Fisher
What countries utilize the ECTS grading scale that Norway adopted?
Europe
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is part of what series?
the "Harold & Kumar" series.
Were Ideamen and Lit formed in the same states:
no
The Marathon is a mixtape by a rapper whose recodings inlcude one called what in which which rapper Jay-Z, bought 100 copies for $100 each?
"Crenshaw"
Tricia Dickson and Danny Tamberelli are both veterans of Nickelodeon sketch comedy series "All That" and were both born in what year?
1982
The city in which Abdelghani Bousta was born is the fourth largest city in the Country of Morocco after which three cities?
Casablanca, Fez and Tangier
Who in the Celtic in the 1977 Scottish League Cup Final was a Swedish football coach and former professional player?
Henrik Larsson
What cable and satellite television channel owned by Turner Broadcasting System developed the a telenovela starring Sheryl Rubio together with Víctor Drija?
Boomerang Latin America
Are Macropidia and Gum tree both types of trees?
no
What kind of compilation does Subways and Wildflower have in common?
album
In what village was the star lead of Gabhroo Punjab Da born?
Giddarbaha
Which breed was developed first, the Doberman Pinscher or the Old Time Farm Shepherd?
Doberman Pinscher
What city, and state could you see the only known remains of the Piksi?
Bozeman, Montana
Who was the film editor on the last movie that Michael Jeter acted in? 
Miklos Wright
what nationality was the actor that was famous for his role in detective Columbo?
American
When did the player who died of cardiac arrest during practice play for the Celtics?
from 1987 to 1993
Are The Hives and Broder Daniel both from the same country?
yes
What is the name of the American serial killer of the 19th century on which the 1974 psychological horror novel by Robert Bloch is based?
H. H. Holmes
 What Pakistani comedy television drama airing on Hum TV in 2011 features Imran Abbas Naqvi and one of the highest paid actors in the industry and a recipient of a Filmfare Award, 2 Lux Style Awards, and 6 Hum Awards, Fawad Khan appear?
Akbari Asghari
Grand Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony was an expansion for the game published by which company?
Rockstar Games
Which Metallica co-founder wrote the power ballad "Mama Said"?
James Hetfield
What is the nationality of the composer of Lento?
English
Which American country music singer and songwriter recorded Someday Soon with Judy Collins and Moe Bandy?
Suzy Bogguss
Stiller and Meara, were a husband-and-wife comedy duo that was popular primarily in the 1960s and 1970s, true names are Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara, an American actress and comedian, that died on which date?
May 23, 2015
Kristin Fisher is a television news presenter for FNC, which is more commonly known as what?
Fox News
Who gained recognition as a trap artist for remixing Rihanna's song  released on March 26, 2015?
Aaron Waisglass
Which squadron ran one of the largest bases of the U.S. Air Force's Strategic Air Command?
2192nd Communications Squadron
John Spalvins, born Janis Gunnars Spalvins, in 1936, in Latvia, was Managing Director of the Adelaide Steamship Company from 1977 until the company's collapse in 1991, it was formed by a group of South Australian businessmen in which year?
1875
What film was directed by an American film director and screenwriter that was born October 29, 1976, and stars Mila Kunis?  
Bad Moms
Were Bedhead and Hinder both rock bands?
yes
In what year did Richard Bluff work with Tom Hanks and Hally Berry?
2012
What actor born in 1930 starred in a movie produced by Don Siegel?
Clinton Eastwood Jr.
What historical geographic region in Central-Eastern Europe was the birthplace of a soldier of the Austro-Hungarian Army?
Galicia
The Volkswagen CrossBlue competed with the Honda crossover SUV introduced in what year?
2002
Are both John Tardy and Jun. K vocalists ?
yes
What is the name of this infantry regiment of the United States Army, whose captain was John McCunn?
69th Infantry Regiment
Which was founded first, The University of Alaska Fairbanks or The University of Alabama?
The University of Alabama
which Spanish fleet of 130 ships was The San Juan de Sicilia  formed the ill-fate
Spanish Armada
The Men's 2013 US Open Series was won by which Spanish player, currently World #1?
Rafael "Rafa" Nadal Parera
The Reid Report is hosted by the correspondent who is also a commentator on what website?
The Daily Beast
Wilhelm von Lenz, was a Baltic German Russian official and writer, and was a friend of many mid-century Romantic composers, including Hector Berlioz, that died on which date, was a French Romantic composer, best known for his compositions "Symphonie fantastique" and "Grande messe des morts" (Requiem)?
8 March 1869
Who is the Baltic goddess of fate often confused with the goddess of fate in the Lithuanian mythology?
Laima
The most recent serial killer documented in the book "Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder" was arrested in what year?
2010
The LNW-80 and Amstrad PCW are both what kind of machine?
computers
Who plays more instruments, Glenn Hughes or Dave Evans?
Glenn Hughes
How are the Ox-tongue pastry and the Youtiao cooked?
fried
Who directed the film for which Danny Michael was nominated for an Academy Award ? 
Alan Parker,
Which magazine is published by Bauer Media Group, The Australian Women's Weekly or Godey's Lady's Book?
The Australian Women's Weekly
Which player singed to Bayern Munich was born in 18 October 1983?
Dante Bonfim Costa Santos (born 18 October 1983)
What television game show that involved head-to-head physical challenges between children was hosted by Cory Tyler?
Wild & Crazy Kids
The footers, queue line, and station of Big Bad Wolf were re-purposed for a roller coaster jointly designed by the park's creative design team and who else?
Zierer of Germany
Who is older, Sunye or Stephen Pearcy?
Stephen Pearcy
Louis Leterrier, is a French film director whose films include the first two "Transporter" films, The Transporter, is an English-language French action thriller film directed by Corey Yuen and Louis Leterrier, released in what year?
2002
The star that played the role of Jamie Bartlett is a younger sister to who? 
Danielle Panabaker
What was the nationality of the mixed martial artist who defeated Trent Jenkins in the first ever fight in UFC history?
American
What NFL team did the host of "The Challenge" play for when they won the Super Bowl?
With the Giants he won Super Bowl XLVI
What was the length (to 3 decimals) of the road course at which the 1957 Pescara Grand Prix was held?
16.032 mi
Are Kuvasz and Bouvier des Ardennes both breeds of dogs?
yes
What American lawyer and businessman succeeded David Stern to be the Commissioner of the NBA?
Adam Silver
A single of Release the Stars which peaked at number 54 was written by whom?
Rufus Wainwright
Von Karman Gas Dynamics Facility is located at the flight test facility operated by what federal group?
Air Force Test Center
The film "Ikke Pe Ikka" stars Shanti Priya, Chandni, and an actor that has won how many Filmfare Awards?
two
In 2003, James Beaumont joined a professional football football club in West Bridgford, England, which plays their home matches where?
City Ground
Who is the author of the novel that had a movie based on it and contained the song "Thodi Der"?
Chetan Bhagat
In what film did Roddy Maude-Roxby play a character based on a story by a team including Tom Rowe as a writer?
The Aristocats
Were William Boyd and Jim Thompson both screenwriters?
yes
The Paul McCartney Collection is a series of 16 remastered CDs by Paul McCartney of his solo and Wings albums, the first half comprised albums from London Town is the sixth studio album by Wings, released in what year?
1978
Which actor starred in The Last Run and as a guest in the episode The Arsenal of Freedom?
Vyto Ruginis
Gwyn Williams recruited an English professional footballer who plays what position?
centre-back
Who co-starred in the 2003 British comedy with the actor who co-founded Baby Cow Productions?
Lou Doillon and Nathaniel Parker
Which court case occurred first, Griswold v. Connecticut, or Diamond v. Chakrabarty?
Griswold v. Connecticut
English actor appears in many films from what franchise consisting of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures (1958–92), four Christmas specials, a television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End and provincial stage plays?
Carry On
Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder includes a serial killer who committed murders in Canada, but was of what nationality?
American
Who is the only child of the Japanese princess born in 1963?
Aiko, Princess Toshi
Which has more people, Zhaoqing or Kangding?
Zhaoqing
In what state did Joan Friedman work as a Jewish Chaplain for six years?
New York
Which member of the South Side Writers Group was not only a poet and activist but a businessman as well?
Frank Marshall Davis
Which song was written and produced by Rihanna and Verse Simmonds on Rihanna's fifth studio album "Loud?"
Man Down
Which band along with two other British bands is referred to as the "unholy trinity of British hard rock and heavy metal in the early to mid-seventies" whose performance was featured in a 2011 studio compilation album at the BBC's Maida Vale Studios?
Deep Purple
Van Gogh is a 1991 French film written and directed by Maurice Pialat, the film follows the last 67 days of Van Gogh's life and explores his relationships with his brother Theo, and his physician, most famous as the subject of which of Van Gogh's paintings, it's one of the most revered paintings by the Dutch artist, it depicts which person, who took care of Van Gogh during the final months of his life?
Portrait of Dr. Gachet
What development in Price George's County is located along the Potomac River?
National Harbor
The movies "The River Wild" and "A Few Good Men" both starred which actor born in 1958?
Kevin Bacon
Bedlay Castle was inherited by James Roberton, Lord Bedlay from his father who bought it from whom?
James, the 8th Lord Boyd
Which Genus has four species, Duboisia or Ctenanthe?
Duboisia
For what console was the sequel to the Shenmue Online MMORPG released?
Dreamcast
Dave Foster lived near which singer and guitarist from Nirvana?
Kurt Donald Cobain
Hawaiian tropical dry forests have a dominant tree species of which tree in the pea family?
Acacia koa
What country does Islamic Thinkers Society and Jackson Heights, Queens have in common?
United States
Where is the band that came out with the album "Isa" currently based?
Bergen, Norway
State Route 126 connects Lewiston and which official Town of Washington and town in Knox County, Maine?
Washington
What is the 2010 census of the city which has Fountain Hill, Pennsylvania as a suburb? 
74,982
Who directed and composed music for the 2006 film that K. J. Singh won a National Film Award for Best Audiography for?
Vishal Bhardwaj
Myles Kennedy and Robert Palmer, share which mutual occupations?
musician, singer, and songwriter
Before the start of the 2012–13 FC Bayern Munich season, the club signed which Croatian professional footballer who plays for an Italian club and for the Croatia national team?
Mario Mandžukić
In which city was this writer of historical romance fiction to whom "A Company of Swans" was dedicated born?
London, England
Which is a documentary about a satirist, Call Me Lucky or Eclipse of Reason?
Call Me Lucky
The character Dorian Lord from the daytime drama "One Life to Live", is a type of character named after what English Romantic poet?
Lord Byron
What championship game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum featured Mike Mercer on the Kansas City Chiefs in 1967?
Super Bowl I
When was the first occurrence of the event at which Lance Shane King represented South Africa in 2005?
2001
What television show was written by Alex Hirsch and was produced from June 15, 2012 to February 15, 2016
Gravity Falls
The winner of Super Bowl XXXIX equaled a record set by which 1978 NFL team?
Miami Dolphins
Goose Rocks Light is a sparkplug lighthouse located near North Haven, Maine in which location, an inlet of the Gulf of Maine and Atlantic Ocean in south central Maine?
Penobscot Bay
In 2017 ESPN College Football Friday Primetime  will be announced by Adam Amin and a former American football nose tackle that was drafted by who?
Chicago Bears
The Battle of Jericho, located in Tell es-Sultan, was documented in what book of the Bible?
Book of Joshua
Sydney Pollack and Ginny Stikeman, are in the industry of film?
yes
What team does Magnus Christensen play for that is located in Aalborg?
AaB Fodbold
Tauern Railway carries traffic for which spa town in Salzburg?
Bad Gastein
Where was the draft where Tywon Ronell Lawson was picked by the Minnesota Timberwolves held?
the WaMu Theatre
The name of Dreyse needle gun's succesor was also called what?
Fusil Mle 1886 M93
For which film did the female star of the film Mrs Doubtfire receive her second Academy Award ?
Places in the Heart"
Who is older, Sebastian Gutierrez or Henry Jaglom?
Henry David Jaglom
Which actress appeared in a movie based on a  novella written by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry in 1943?
Rashi Bunny
Are Jeffersonia and Andersonia two completely different plants?
yes
Which of the two major peninsulas that make up the state of Michigan contains the M-69 Highway?
The Upper Peninsula
The Clemson Tigers competed in the 2015 Orange Bowl in what city?
Glendale, Arizona
What English artist is know for her work during the era that was the period of Queen Victoria's reign?
Sidney Herbert Sime
Which major US Highway travels through Reno, Nevada?
U.S. Route 95 (US 95) is a major U.S. highway traversing the U.S. state of Nevada from north to south
The Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir performs works by which Estonian classical and religious composer?
Arvo Pärt
What actor starred in the 2017 action crime comedy as well as the AMC television drama series "Mad Men"?
Jon Hamm
Troy University was a short-lived university established at Troy, New York in which year, on the site now is Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute's Folsom Library, a research library constructed in the Brutalist style located on the campus of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, NY?
1858
Which year did the actress, who starred in "Warm Bodies" and "Cut Bank," make her film debut?
2006
Who did Father Con Scollen evangelized that had traces of their descent to Indigenous peoples of the Americas and French, English, and Scottish?
Métis
The First United States Congress, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, met from March 4, 1789, to March 4, 1791, during the first two years of George Washington's presidency, first at Federal Hall, in which city?
New York City
Rennae Stubbs and Renáta Tomanová were both what?
tennis player
What province are both cities of Shuangliao and Panshi in?
Jilin
In which county is this airport located to which Pinnacle Airlines Flight 3701 was bound?
Hennepin County
Do Jonathan Franzen and Heiner Müller have the same nationality?
no
What American Thoroughbred horse race facility in Elmont, New York opened on May 4, 1905 and has a $500,000 purse starting in 2016?
Belmont Park
The South Korean actress and model whose real name is Kim Soo-hyun, starred in an MBC show in 2016 that replaced which show?
Glamorous Temptation
Eugene Collins Pulliam, was an American newspaper publisher and businessman who was the founder and longtime president of Central Newspapers Inc., and was the maternal grandfather of which American politician and lawyer who was the 44th Vice President of the United States from 1989 to 1993?
Dan Quayle
Aaj Ka Hindustan stars an Indian dancer who is proficient in what style?
classical Kathak
When was the American rapper from St. Louis, Missouri born who has guest appeared in New Jack City, Pt. II and who's one of the album is "Country Grammar"?
November 2, 1974
The last descendant of the leader of the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain was never what?
crowned
The golf club that hosted the 2000 Solheim Cup uses what building as its clubhouse?
Rossdhu Mansion
Which magazine is published by with an independent volunteer editor, Doctor Who Magazine or National Contest Journal?
National Contest Journal
Operation Mountain Viper was working to uncover hundreds of suspected rebels from the Sunni Islamic fundamentalist political movement, located where?
Afghanistan
What 2012 South Korean action thriller film was turned into the 2014 Indian-Malay thriller Angels?
Confession of Murder
Were both Henry Green and Richard Wright American authors?
no
Move Under Ground combines the cosmic horror of H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos with the Beat style of an American novelist and poet who was born when?
March 12, 1922
Which of the movie which has Scott Adkins played a role is written by Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi?
The Bourne Ultimatum
When was the actor born who played the founder and leader of the Order of the Phoenix in the last six films of the series?
19 October 1940
When was the American actress born who is best known for her role as Amy MacDougall-Barone on the television sitcom which premiered on CBS on September 13, 1996? 
January 29, 1963
Who is the FIFA World Cup winner known as Big Phil that Flávio Murtosa works as an assistant coach for?
Luiz Felipe Scolari
Eugene Hargrove is editor-in-chief of Environmental Ethics located in what city?
Denton, Texas
Hargus Melvin "Pig" Robbins who has played with an American alternative rock band whose highest charting single was what?
Push th' Little Daisies
How long is the causeway that connects Fiesta Key to the mainland?
113 mi
What line of Competitive swimwear did speedo manufacturer  that is composed of woven elastane-nylon and polyurethane
LZR Racer
When was the beer introduced which used the slogan I Am Canadian  from 1994 until 1998?
1959
The film Salome's Last Dance is based on a play by a writer that died in what year?
1900
Kyle Ezell, is an American urban planning practitioner, writer, and theorist, he's currently a professor and head of the undergraduate planning program of which current home for the three disciplines that comprise the Austin E. Knowlton School of Architecture (KSA) at The Ohio State University?
Knowlton School
 large, primarily residential, public research university in Kent, Ohio, United States has an online folk music stream that is hosted by an American radio personality who is also a representative of Philadelphia's folk music scene, what was he called by "The Philadelphia inquirer"?
The Grandfather of Philadelphia Folk Music
The magazine that named Gillian Arnold the 9th Most Influential Women in UK IT 2015 was formerly published as a weekly print magazine by what company?
Reed Business Information
The Ride to Hangman's Tree starred the actor who played Steve McGarrett in what CBS series?
Hawaii Five-O
The 2011 Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix took place at what racing circuit that is also home of the Indianapolis 500?
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway
Josh Brolin was cast as which Marvel Comics character in the X-Men universe?
Cable
Who is a Russian professional latin and ballroom dancer, in series 8 of broadcast from Wembley Arena on 19 November with all proceeds going to the BBC charity, Children in Need?
Pavel "Pasha" Kovalev
Beneath the Dark is an American mystery-thriller film, released in which year, one of the stars is Chris Browning, an American television and film actor, known for character roles, specializing in more tough and rugged types?
2010
Where did the style of dance of which Aniruddha Knight is an artist originate?
Tamil Nadu
Claire Bishop is a contributor to the academic journal of contemporary art published by which company?
MIT Press
The Association of Jesuit University Presses (AJUP) is an association of North American university presses which are members of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities (AJCU), a consortium of how many Jesuit colleges and universities, and two theological centers in the United States?
28
who was born first Brian Trenchard-Smith or James Bridges ?
James Bridges
In what year did Dorothy Vaughan, one of the women featured in the 2016 non-fiction book, Hidden Figures, become acting supervisor of the West Area Computers?
1949
What is the name of the aeronautical engineer who was depicted in the movie The Right Stuff?
Jack Ridley
Double Take is an action comedy film, released in which year, starring Eddie Griffin and Orlando Jones, the supporting cast includes Gary Grubbs, an American actor?
2001
In what year did the band whose song "Rattled by the Rush" was the first single for its third album, "Wowee Zowee," go on a well-received reunion tour?
2010
The Big Game is aired against which American sitcom on ATV-0?
Hogan's Heroes
The Rookie stars which actress of Australian heritage?
Rachel Anne Griffiths
What movie cast by Bernard Telsey was based on William Shakespeare's play "Twelfth Night"?
All Shook Up
Which Wisconsin Badgers player won a Heismann trophy and was elected to the Pro Bowl in each of their first four seasons?
Alan Ameche
Shirley Collado is the president of the college located in what state?
New York
E'Shun Melvin was the voice of Young Boyd on Teen Wolf  developed by Jeff Davis for what television network
MTV
Are Arthropodium and Peraphyllum in the same family?
no
Which is farther north,  Kundol Lake or Śniardwy?
Śniardwy
What year was the actress who played Sophia Petrillo's daughter in the TV series "Golden Girls" born in?
1922
What sport do both the 2017 EFL League One play-off Final and the 2017–18 EFL Championship have in common?
football
What is the name of the famous dancer, taught by Richard Thomas, that formed her own dance company in 1966?
Twyla Tharp
Are the American based Apple Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals companies headquartered in the same city?
no
Are Sophie Ellis-Bextor and Jo Kwon both models?
no
RAF Skellingthorpe was operational during the war that lasted during what time frame?
1939 to 1945
What series that Shayna Fox was a voice actress in was created by Arlene Klasky and Gábor Csupó?
Rocket Power
Which Cracker album included  musical accompaniment by a band native to Boulder, Colorado?
O' Cracker Where Art Thou?
Who is the current guitarist for the band that released the album This Is Your Way Out?
ER White
The Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 538, is an organ piece by Johann Sebastian Bach, like the better-known BWV 565, the Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565, is a piece of organ music written, according to its oldest extant sources, by who?
Johann Sebastian Bach
The world premiere of the movie starring a co-founder of United Artists film studio was shown at a theatre in what city?
Ottawa
What  is a 2013 horror omnibus film made up of four episodes by four South Korean directors, that had an actor kownfor his leading roles in the television series "Shut Up Flower Boy Band" ?
Horror Stories 2
The American actor who won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1980 also starred in a 2003 crime drama directed by who?
James Foley
The field tensor was introduced by a mathematician and professor who had taught at which three universities?
Königsberg, Zürich and Göttingen
In what year was the actress who portrayed Tiffany Valentine-Ray born?
1958
Who is known, with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller, as one of the three foremost American dramatists of the 20th century, Tennessee Williams or Anita Shreve?
"Tennessee" Williams
Save Me is a song by the group that was part of the genre that evolved from disco in what timeframe?
later 1970s
Kastles Stadium at The Wharf had a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by the current commissioner of what organization?
World TeamTennis
Who lived longer, Al-Ghazali or Averroes (Ibn Rushd)?
Ibn Rushd
Who is the leader of the Network Italy faction within Popular Alternative?
Roberto Formigoni
Do the Sparaxis and Campanula come from the same family genus?
no
What type of group does 1946 National League tie-breaker series and 1946 Brooklyn Dodgers season have in common?
teams
The Iron Gate breaks up the mountains between Samarkand and a province which is 20 kilometers northwest of what provincial capital?
Mazar-e Sharif
Which was an American actor, Mack V. Wright or Kurt Neumann?
Mack V. Wright
Who was born first, Sherman Alexie or Adunis?
Adunis
Peter Rufai attended which movie premier on September 25, 1016?
A Trip to Jamaica
who is younger Joakim Nyström or Kimberly Po ?
Kimberly Po-Messerli
Who resigned as the Welsh Assembly Member for the North Wales region to represent Eddisbury in the House of Commons in the UK Parliament in 2015?
Antoinette Sandbach
How many original games are there in the tactical role-playing video game franchise developed by the same Japanese company who developed the "Wars" series of games?
twelve
What is the nationality of the man who Andry Thysse challenged for the World Boxing Council International super middleweight title
Danish
Name the member of Ratt that has played music with Dario Seixas Filho and Firedome?
Stephen Pearcy
Which two major Australian cities would Thora be in between?
Sydney and Brisbane
In which american sitcom with  247 episodes did Jeff Mooring appeared?
Jeff Mooring
What date was the Auatrailian politiican who has been a member of the Australian House of Representatives since 1996 swarn into the 68th ministry of the Austrailing government?
27 June 2013
What southern part of the Kingdom of Slavonia straddled the borderland of the Habsburg Monarchy?
The Military Frontier
Say Yes is the 12th episode of the horror series shown on which cable network?
AMC
Are Jan Bucquoy and Richard Linklater of the same nationality?
no
Wild About Harry is a comedy album by "The Bob & Tom Show", which was first released in November 2003, this CD's theme is honoring the many people who do impersonations of late sportscaster Harry Caray, was an American sportscaster on radio and television, and died in which year?
1998
What insurance company was established in 1797 and occupied an office which now houses a restaurant and flats?
Norwich Union
How many times has Maciej Sulęcki's adviser won Boxing Writers of America Manager of the Year Award?
twice
What former United States Army soldier and related to WikiLeaks-related Twitter court orders?
Chelsea Manning
What animated film, released in 1955, was also parodied in "The Simpsons" episode "Love Sprinfieldian Style"?
Lady and the Tramp
Which band has more members, The Postal Service or Missio?
The Postal Service
American actor and musician Sam Witwer stars on the supernatural television series, Being Human, which is a remake of a show with the same name, featured on what network?
BBC
The Burlington Mall is a large, two-story, indoor shopping mall complex located off Route 3 and Route 128 in Burlington, Massachusetts, the mall is one of many shopping venues in the Middlesex County area, including which 115 store shopping mall located along US Route 1 (Broadway) between Main Street and Essex Street in Saugus, Massachusetts?
Square One Mall
Lost Lettermen is a sports weblog and database, which regularly interviews former college stars like what American football coach and former quarterback played in the NFL and Canadian Football League?
Tee Martin
Which team did the head coach of the 1985 Oklahoma Sooners lead to a Super Bowl victory ?
the Dallas Cowboys
Between Recovery Child and Siouxsie and the Banshees, which band was formed in London?
Siouxsie and the Banshees
Who wrote the 2013 episode of the TV show Modern Family that was directed by the actor who played Kevin Arnold in "The Wonder Years"?
Ben Karlin
Were the documentaries Bears and Aliens of the Deep filmed in the same locations? 
no
Who wrote the theatrical comedy referenced in the subtitle of The Guilty Mother as "the other"?
Molière
When was the Prime Minister of Australia born who defeated Abbott in 14 September 2015?
24 October 1954
Which rocket propelled weapon, sometimes referred to as the "Stovepipe," did Colonel Leslie Alfred Skinner help develop?
Bazooka
Which Archduke of Austria-Este was assassinated by Bosian Serb, Mihajlo "Miško" Jovanović?
Archduke of Austria-Este
Mike Moh was cast as Triton in "Marvel's Inhumans", an American television series created by Scott Buck for what television network?
ABC
The actress that plays Sarah Hurst in "Easy Virtue" stars with Dervla Kirwan in a 2012 supernatural thriller film written by who?
Steve Stone
Sweethearts features which stand-up comedian in a supporting role?
Margaret Moran Cho
What is the year of the event which orrurred first, John Reger was born, or the Washington Redskins began playing football?
1931
Who was the manager of the Beatles who was portrayed in a stage play by Andrew Lancel?
Brian Samuel Epstein
Which genus has more species, Geissorhiza or Stenocarpus?
Geissorhiza
What is the literal name for this 2015 Hong Kong romantic comedy television drama starring Miss Hong Kong 2004?
Harmony Is Precious
Who directed a 1986 American science-fiction comedy starring Tommy Swerdlow?
Willard Huyck
As of 2016, how many locations does the barbeque restaurant that was founded by a former Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs have?
170 locations
Sir Alec Guiness played Professor Godbole in a movie that was based on a novel by what author?
E.M. Forster
What is the American media company that produced The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug in collaboration with WingNut Films and New Line Cinema?
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc.
Following a season in which the Sacramento Kings won three of their first four games before proceeding to lose 12 of their next 13 games, who signed for the Phoenix Suns?
Wayman Tisdale
Containing 498 shops, what shopping centre marks the beginning of the Westfield Sydney to Melbourne Ultramarathon?
Westfield Parramatta
Who is the actor in the miniseries Olive Kitteridge who was also starring actor in the movie Caddyshack?
Bill Murray
Which suburb in the Northern Region of Ghana that created Sagnarigu district was Yakubu II born?
Tamale
Which French boxer defeated Hussein Ishaish at the 2016 Summer Olympics as an amateur?
Tony Yoka
Which musician during the earliest period covered in Time Waits for No One: Anthology 1971–1977 had the first full-length appearance on a Rolling Stones album?
Mick Taylor
Where was the public high school at which Freddie James became the head coach located?
Oak Cliff area of Dallas
The MTV Europe Music Award for Best Song was first award to a song performed by who?
Youssou N'Dour and Neneh Cherry
Which director has produced 34 films since 1983: Spike Lee or Manny Coto?
Jackson "Spike" Lee
Robert L. Priddy - he comes from the United States and has founded a number of airline companies such as ValuJet or which American low-cost airline that operates scheduled and charter flights?
Allegiant Air
What is the year exact date that the Linkin Park album with the song "Wretches and Kings" released?
September 8, 2010
Republic New York Corporation was the holding company for the Republic National Bank of New York and the Safra Republic Bank, Republic New York Corporation was sold shortly after its chairman's death to HSBC Bank USA, the US subsidiary of which British multinational banking and financial services holding company, tracing its origin to a hong in Hong Kong?
HSBC Holdings PLC
Where is the team that Federico Agliardi plays for based?
Romagna
Jan van Aken is a writer belonging to which Germanic ethnic group native to the Netherlands?
Dutch people
Virgil Widrich and Bernard Rose, have which mutual occupation?
director
Ticket to the Moon was a song written by which English rock band?
Electric Light Orchestra
What was the second album by the singer who was a client of Andros Rodriguez, and whose debut album was  "Santogold"?
"Master of My Make-Believe"
When was the group attacked in the attack on the Four Square Laundry formed?
summer of 1971
Are Colorado River Aqueduct and Eastside Canal both in the same state?
yes
Krasnodar Krai Police, is the main law enforcement agency in Southern Russia, controlled system by which state or community term, commonly called, what?
Government
"Different for Girls" is a song by Dierks Bentley that features an American singer who released her debut album on what date?
February 17, 2015
Who was born first, Muhammad Iqbal or Ali Qushji?
Ali Qushji
What is the name of the South Korean actor who is well known for his role in the 2016 South Korean television series W and starred alongside Han Hyo-joo?
Lee Jong-suk
Ethan Tecumseh Vishniac (born 1955) is an American astrophysicist, his wife Ilene Busch-Vishniac, the ninth president of the University of Saskatchewan (2012-2014), was previously Dean of the Faculty of Engineering at which American entrepreneur, abolitionist and philanthropist of 19th-century Baltimore, Maryland?
Johns Hopkins
Which Riviera Partners' clientele is located in Las Vegas, Nevada?
Zappos
Which documentary film was released first: "Flying Padre", or "Rembrandt's J'Accuse"?
Flying Padre
What are the accounting companies that make up the "Big Four" excluding Ernst & Young?
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
What nationality is the man whom Vladimir Kozlov won the WWE Tag Team Championship with?
Canadian
Who was the coach for the team that won the 2004 Sugar Bowl?
Nick Saban
Which is from farther west, The Commuters or Amplifier?
The Commuters
The Northumbrian Dialect was spoken in a kingdom whose name reflects what approximate southern limit to the kingdom's territory?
the Humber estuary
The Capital District, also known as the Capital Region, refers to the metropolitan area surrounding Albany, the capital of the U.S. state of New York, in the 21st century, the Capital District has emerged as a major anchor, of which marketing name for the eastern part of the U.S. state of New York, encompassing the Capital District and the Hudson Valley?
Tech Valley
Which was founded first, Pomona College or Brown University?
Brown University
Who did the man who played Mick Carter in EastEnders play in Human Traffic?
Moff
Where was the owner of FAME Studios inducted in 1985 after having Ray Whitley single What Kind of Fool recorded at his studio?
Alabama Music Hall of Fame
What television series was an adaptation of a novel and had a character played by an actress who is also known for her roles on "ER" and "Desparate Housewives"?
"Pretty Little Liars"
This character in the historical drama legal thriller film "Bridge of Spies" was born on July 11, 1903.
Rudolf Ivanovich Abel
Dutch pornographic actress "Bobbi Eden" modeled for this monthly American pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of another magazine from which country?
United Kingdom
What city is the head office of József Váradi's airline located in?
Budapest
Which Coyote Sister member is related to singer in the Mamas & the Papas?
Leah Kunkel
Which widely acclaimed singer on the soundtrack of Ramu defined feminism in South Indian Cinema?
P. Susheela
What church based in Egypt, Northeast Africa and the Middle East, also features the former Christian diocese, Diocese of Buto? 
Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria
What is the name of a volunteer that killed 3 and injured more than 60, in what came to be know as the Milltown Cemetery attack?
Michael Stone
What year was the actor who played Sherlock Holmes in Sherlock born?
1976
The first person to interpret Relational quantum mechanics has worked in what countries? 
Italy, the United States and since 2000, in France
What national French film award was given to actress Isabelle Adjani in 2010?
César Award
Rabinjan is located between Samarkand and a city located on what famous road that runs between China and the Mediterranean?
Silk Road
Murabaḥah is a term for a sales contract where the buyer and seller agree on the markup, the ratio between the cost of a good or service and what?
its selling price
Where did the play by an award-winning American actor and an accomplished playwright premiere where it broke box office records and garnered critical acclaim?
Portland Stage Company
When was the author after which Thiele Highway was named born? 
16 November 1920
On which Portuguese island has the largest European airline by scheduled passengers flown had a base since 2015?
São Miguel
Micah Ohlman earned a spot on the 1992 team that plays in what Nevada city?
Paradise
Who wrote the musical in which Edwin Gagiano won a Best Actor Award? 
Neil Gooding
how is Victor Oladipo and NBA All-Rookie Team connected?
basketball
Interbol, is an international space project under the leadership of which organization, and the Space Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, the goal of the project is to study the correlations between which item, can simply be considered as a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged positive ions, however, true plasma production is from the distinct separation of these ions and electrons that produces an electric field, which in turn, produces electric currents and magnetic fields, in the tail of the magnetosphere and in the Van Allen radiation belt?
Russian Space Agency
Where is the company located that produced the 2006 James Bond movie Casino Royale?
based in London's Piccadilly and also operates from Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom
The network that aired People in Conflict spent several years trailing what rival network? 
Global Television Network
Although they come from different countries, what genre of music do the bands Freeze the Atlantic and She Wants Revenge play?
rock
Caged No More is a 2016 American drama film directed by Lisa Arnold, the film stars which American actress and singer, (born August 21, 1949) , is best known for her roles as Marla Hendricks, in the Fox drama series, "Boston Public"?
Loretta Devine
Do Guy Hamilton and Spike Jonze have the same nationality?
no
What is the name of the 2007 film in which the Australian  actress that stared in Extinction played a significant role? 
Introducing the Dwights
Do Joey Ramone and Miles Hunt have the same nationality ?
no
WWF The Music, Vol. 5 is a soundtrack album whose songs were composed and performed by an American music composer best known for his work with WWE (formerly WWF) from what year onward?
1985
When was the team founded for which Peter Horachek is currently a pro scout ?
1974
Which town on Monsweag Bay in Wiscasset, Maine had a population of 3,072 in the 2010 census?
Woolwich
The coach of the 1983 Miami Hurricanes football team was born in what year?
1934
Which Italian former footballer scored in the 4-0 AC Milan win against Barcelona in the Final of the UEFA Champions league ?
Daniele Massaro
The Trials of Nikki Hill is a legal thriller written by Dick Lochte and which American lawyer, author, actor, lecturer, and practicing attorney?
Christopher Allen "Chris" Darden
Ealdgyth, circa 992 – after 1016, modern English Edith may have been the name of the wife of Sigeferth son of Earngrim, thegn of the Seven Burghs, and later was King of England from 23 April to 30 November 1016, Edmund II, usually known as who?
Edmund Ironside
Which actress played roles in Three's Company and One Summer Love?
Ann Wedgeworth
Have Victoria Larimore and Mauritz Stiller  both worked as film directors ?
yes
PsyFive is the debut album from Psy for the entertainment company established by whom?
Yang Hyun-suk
Which genus has more species, Dacrydium or Tecophilaea?
Dacrydium
The central midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain national team and what two others marketed Puma  evoPOWER?
Marco Reus and Mario Balotelli.
What person who had rap verses featured in "Hail Mary" was born on October 9, 1977?
Yaki Kadafi
Who won the 2016 Russian national silver medal with another Russian ice dancer born 29 April 1995?
Nikita Gennadyevich Katsalapov
What is the name of the daily newspaper which was owned by the Gannett company and the Nevada School of Law was moved to its plant?
Reno Gazette-Journal
Coco is a film based on an idea by which director and film editor?
Lee Edward Unkrich
Which beverage is sold in more countries, Schweppes or Lilt?
Schweppes
Who would have more American film credits, Stefan Ruzowitzky or Jeremy Kagan?
Jeremy Paul Kagan
"The Sandman" comic book series and "The Sandman: The Dream Hunters" novella are written by who?
Neil Gaiman
The Valley Jr. Warriors play in a city that had what population as of the 2010 census?
60,879
Who is Japanese  Kinji Fukasaku or Julian Schnabel?
Kinji Fukasaku
Christmas Bells is an advert that plays the song that originated in what part of England?
West Country
The .45 GAP is produced by a company headquartered in what country?
Austria
In "The Bowery", Lilliam Harmer played a historical character known for attacking alcohol-serving establishments with what?
a hatchet
What was formed by the largest entertainment company in South Korea?
Red Velvet
What railroad company acquired the Johnsonburg, Kane, Warren and Irvine Railroad?
The JKWI was the designated operator of the Irvine, Warren, Kane & Johnsonburg Railroad, that was a partnership of Brock Railroad (a wholly owned subsidiary of Warren Car Company), Irvine Railroad (a wholly owned subsidiary of National Forge Company) and Struthers Wells Inter-American Corporation (a subsidiary of Struthers Wells), all three being Pennsylvania corporations, and had acquired from Conrail the following railroad line segments: MP 58.52 to MP 66.7 (Irvine to Warren) and MP 92.5 to MP 111.0 (Kane to Johnsonburg).
When was the Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who was sent to Buffalo Sabres born
August 2, 1991
Are Alain Tanner and Marco Bellocchio both directors?
yes
What Battle which was part of operation gothic serpant did Gary Gordon recieve a Medal of Honor?
The Battle of Mogadishu
Bryan Brown performed in what 1984 British musical drama that was directed by Peter Webb?
Give My Regards to Broad Street
 What the locals consider for a suburb of a town which is in the Division of Mayo?
township of Stirling
What country of origin does Jerk and Dean Corll have in common?
American
When did the head of government of Albania officially mandate his 9th Cabinet?
September 2017
In between Ludwig van Beethoven and Heinrich Marschner who was the most important composer of German opera between Weber and Wagner?
Heinrich August Marschner
What movie was produced first, Muppet Treasure Island or Honey, I Shrunk the Kids?
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
What reusable contactless stored value smart card for making electronic payments in online or offline systems in Hong Kong replaced the Common stored value ticket in 1997?
Octopus card
Pal Dukagjiniwas part of a military alliance that was founded by which Albanian nobleman?
Skanderbeg
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and Walter Reed Army Medical Center, are both which type of medical facilities?
Hospital
Are both Sergei Sobolev and Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov members of the IHÉS in France?
no
The 357th Fighter Squadron (357 FS) is part of the 355th Fighter Wing at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, it operates which The 357th Fighter Squadron (357 FS) is part of the 355th Fighter Wing at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona??
Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II
What is a national park located in Tenerife, Teide National Park or Cabañeros National Park?
Teide National Park
Mixed martial artist JJ Aldrich competes in a division for competitors weighing between 106 and how many pounds?
115
"Only Love Can Break a Heart" is performed by a singer-songwriter that died in what year?
2006
What epic poem by Adam Mickiewicz did Michał Elwiro Andriolli provide illustrations for?
Pan Tadeusz
Do both Rod Lurie and Douchan Gersi work in the film industry?
yes
J. Andrew "Drew" Crompton is chief of staff and counsel for Pennsylvania Senate Pro-Tempore Joe Scarnati, he served as deputy campaign manager for policy for Lynn Swann's campaign, in which year, for Governor of Pennsylvania?
2006
The film Circle was inspired by a 1957 movie directed by who ?
Sidney Lumet
Howard University Hospital and MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital, are both located in which city?
Washington, D.C.
Christopher Davies was born in what southern suburb of Adelaide, Australia?
Bedford Park
The Texas–Arlington Mavericks women's basketball team is an NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Sun Belt Conference and representing the University of Texas at Arlington, the team appeared in the 2005 NCAA tournament, losing to which female basketball team represents Texas Tech University and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I?
Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball
What year was the man who established the Home District Council born?
1752
Which character did Moira Kelly voice in this 1994 animated film?
Nala
Which composer did Beethoven regard as the greatest of his contemporaries: Franz Schreker or Luigi Cherubini?
Luigi Cherubini
What actor from The Imitation Game also starred in "Revolver", "RocknRolla" and "Sherlock Holmes"?
Mark Strong
Trevor nunn has directed what non musical show besides Birdsong
Macbeth
Who first proposed the physics theory, known to have been later independently proposed in a more complete paper by the current tenured professor at the University of Amsterdam, and director and Leon Levy professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton?
Luboš Motl
Peter Facinelli is known for his role as Mike Dexter in a 1998 American teen comedy film that was written and directed by Deborah Kaplan and who?
Harry Elfont
What Indo-American public speaker and advocate was Miss America in 2014?
Nina Davuluri
Howard University Hospital and Providence Hospital are both located where?
Washington, D.C.
What sort of art did Herbert Abrams complete using the Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1968 to 1972 as a subjecy?
portrait
Which operetta does Lamplighters Music Theature feature that was composed by Leonard Bernstein?
Candide
Which national park is located in Galicia, Spain; the Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park or Caldera de Taburiente National Park?
Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park
Marina Lebedeva participates in a winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting. What is the sport called?
biathlon
KAKU-LP (88.5 FM, "The Voice of Maui County") is a low-power FM radio station broadcasting a variety format, licensed to Kahului, Hawaii, United States, the station is currently owned by Maui County Community Television, Kahului is a census-designated place (CDP) in which county, on the island of Maui?
Maui County
Are Istanbul Technical University and Yeni Valide Mosque located in the same city?
yes
Which American cinematographer is best know  for his work in a 1998 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nora Ephron?
John Warwick Lindley
Were Yasuzo Masumura and Peter Glenville both directors?
yes
Torben Ulrich is a Danish writer, musician, filmmaker, painter, director, performer and former amateur then professional tennis player, and the father of Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich, a Danish musician, songwriter, actor, and record producer, he is best known as the drummer and co-founder of which American heavy metal band ?
Metallica
"Not Giving Up" is a song by a girl group formed through what record label?
Fascination Records
Which band has the most recent album release, Pop Will Eat Itself or Black Stone Cherry?
Black Stone Cherry
In which state was the 1926 Navy Midshipmen football team located?
Maryland
Where did the league that Michael Anthony Edward Kidd-Gilchrist plays for hold it's 2012 draft?
Newark, New Jersey.
Spike Slawson and Kirk Windstein, are both artists in which occupation?
musician
On what peninsula were architects Lise Roel and Hugo Höstrup born?
Jutland peninsula
Which movie was theatrically released first, Mary and Max or The Watercolor ?
Mary and Max
What years did the driver of the McLaren MP4/13 win the Formula One World Champion?
1998 and 1999
Ode to Billy Joe is a 1976 film with a screenplay by Herman Raucher, inspired by the 1967 hit song by Bobbie Gentry, which 1967 song written and recorded by Bobbie Gentry, a singer-songwriter from Chickasaw County, Mississippi?
Ode to Billie Joe
Viking: The Ultimate Obstacle Course included the British commentator who was an Olympian in what discipline?
bobsledder
Who was a silent film actor in addition to being a director, Christy Cabanne or David Howard?
Christy Cabanne
Who won 18 races driving Watson cars and an American race driver with 26 victories in top echelon open-wheel racing?
Rodger Ward
How long did the album featuring The Cure's song "Primary" stay in the albums charts?
8 weeks
When was the manager of the 2000 country music group inspired by boy bands convincted?
2008
When did Losing my religion come out?
1991
George Whitefield, Charles Wesley and John Wesley started the Methodist movement in the 18th century within which church denomination?
Church of England
Besides the length of Charles Grethen's primary race event, which two race lengths are standard in middle-distance running?
1500 metres and mile
In what United States city is the not-for-profit organization that formerly employed Nicholas J. Matzke as its Public Information Project Director located?
Oakland, California
Christopher Kelly is a journalist for which magazine headquartered in Downtown Austin, Texas ?
Texas Monthly
Eleanor McGovern was the wife of the Senator who was the presidential nominee in what year
1972
Which game was published first, Villa Paletti or Taj Mahal?
Taj Mahal
When was The Authors of pain's manager born?
August 22, 1953
Why does Qutebrowser use DuckDuckGo ?
emphasizes returning the best results
Which band is from Glastonbury, Reef or Simple Plan?
Reef
Mexico Airplay had a first number-one song in 2011 of the song produced by whom?
Afrojack
Fenbendazole is ineffective against which parasite that is also called the flea tapeworm?
Dipylidium caninum
what was the decisive for Crassus's disastrous defeat in the most crushing defeats in Roman history ?
mounted archers
Which division did Oklahoma City Thunder win in 2015-16, their first season under current head coach Billy Donovan?
Northwest Division
What presidential daughter wrote The Trump Card?
Ivanka Trump
Which head coach of Peshawar Zalmi is a former Pakistani cricketer (now holding British citizenship) who bowled right arm fast-medium?
Mohammad Akram
Which play has more acts, La sonnambula or Maskarade?
Maskarade
Who is the operator of the federal prison in which Aldrich Hazen Ames is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole?
Federal Bureau of Prisons
François-Jean Pelletier worked in politics in which place in which their county seat is Butte?
Silver Bow County
Katie White and Ian Brown, have which occupation in common?
musician
What is the nationality of the actor who was nominated for Best Actor Filmfare awards for his performance in Gardish?
Indian
During his career Dana Carl Holgorsen served under the was head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team leading them to what in every year of his tenure?
winning seasons
What two towns does Buckshaw Hall sit between?
Chorley and Leyland
Which Kenyan-Mexican Academy Award-winning actress is a  star of Star Wars: The Last Jedi?
Lupita Nyong'o
Which Hall of Fame point guard was first selected for an NBA All-Star Game in 1994, alongside Shawn Kemp?
Gary Payton
Approximately how far is St Cyrpian's Church from London?
128 mi
Returning Home, was one of three films shortlisted by Norway to be their submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards, but it lost out to "The Wave",  a 2015 Norwegian catastrophe drama film directed by who?
Roar Uthaug
What film star of the 2016 American crime-drama film directed by Ewan McGregor was best known for his role in "Animal House?"
Peter Riegert
Between Cyclamen and Fargesia, which genus to spread to more continents?
Cyclamen
What is the common profession of Jean-Pierre Melville and Manfred Noa?
filmmaker
In which Broadway production did this American stage, film, and television actor, who appeared in the 1984 action film Toy Soldiers, star in 1970?
Purlie
Which mountain is higher Gangkhar Puensum or Jongsong Peak ?
Gangkhar Puensum
The 1932 German football championship Final was played at a stadium which was opened in 1928, and is located next to what?
Zeppelinfeld
Norris Dam State Park is a state park in Anderson County and Campbell County, Tennessee, the park is situated along the shores of Norris Lake, an impoundment of the Clinch River created by the completion of Norris Dam in 1936, the Clinch River rises near Tazewell, Virginia, and flows southwest for more than 300 mi through the Great Appalachian Valley, at the end, it joins the Tennessee River in Kingston in which US state?
Tennessee
What actor played in a drama television series based on Israeli series the "Yellow Peppers?"
Thomas Gregory
Larry is the 10 Downing Street, official resident cat of the Prime Minister of the UK, also called? 
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office
Who starred in the 1992 film directed by the director of Cherry Falls for which he gained cult success?
Russell Crowe
The Slayers d20 Role-Playing Game is a 2003 role-playing game published by a Canadian company founded by who?
Mark C. MacKinnon
Who did the actor who starred as Constable Benton Fraser in the television series "Due South" have a child with?
Martha Burns
Eric Jacobsen is a basketball player for a team representing the state of what? 
South Australia
What television series written by Dan Guterman and directed by Dominic Polcino premiered on July 26th, 2015?
Rick and Morty
Which American actress appeared on Dr. Alien and Little House on the Prairie?
Olivia Barash
What cricketeer active 1974–1993 had a strong performance in the tour by the Australian cricket team in England in 1981?
Ian Botham
For which rock band did Mark Evans play bass guitar on the band's third LP released in Australia and in Europe in 1976?
AC/DC
The Seattle Fighter Wing was a unit of the United States Air Force, active during the Pacific War of which span of years, it was based in the Northwestern United States?
1942-45
Who was the creator of the show where Wayne Knight played Mr. Blik?
Doug TenNapel
Which is further from its city's business center, Sawyer International Airport or Burlington International Airport?
Sawyer International Airport
What teams is a part of Motorsport in the United Kingdom?
Lotus F1
What label released Julio José Iglesias de la Cueva's 2003 album?
Columbia Records
Which was released first, LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton or Hoop Dreams?
Hoop Dreams
The Spanish actress and model who made her acting debut at 16, and starred in the 2009 romantic musical drama film Nine, was signed by an agent at what age?
15
Which actor from The Drew Carey Show also starred in The Founder?
John Carroll Lynch
The man that crowned Michelle Reis as the first Miss Chinese International founded what film production company?
Shaw Brothers Studio
Both Phil Dent and John Lloyd were in which profession?
professional tennis player.
GQ's political webshow is on which cable network?
ESPN2
Which Virginia town speaks the High Tider dialect and has lost 67% of its landmass since 1850?
Tangier
Which move was 3D move from 2009, Planet 51 or Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
Planet 51
What band member that is also a member of the side-project groups Team Sleep was featured on the "Tempest" video?
Chino Moreno
What occupation is shared by Luca Prodan and Glenn Gregory?
singer
Nobody Loves You was written by John Lennon and released on what album that was issued by Apple Records, and was written, recorded, and released during his 18 month separation from Yoko Ono?
Walls and Bridges
Who is older, Danny Shirley or Kevin Parker?
Danny Shirley
Mill Race was a log flume ride that operated between 1963 and 1993 at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio,Mill Race was ultimately removed from the park in 1993 to prepare for the opening of Raptor, in which year?
1994
Cypress and Baumea, are types of a woody perennial plant?
yes
Natalie Martinez is know for her role in what 2008 American-German-British science fiction action thriller film?
Death Race
What year did Helen Fraser star in a Roman Polanski film?
1965
What size do Cape Peninsula University of Technology and Alexandria University have in common?
largest
In what party is the president whose cabinet Francisco Javier Mayorga Castañeda serves in?
National Action Party
When was the older sister of Princess Benedikte of Denmark born?
16 April 1940
Where did the murderer, by whom the character Keyser Söze was inspired, commit his murders?
Westfield, New Jersey
What was the score of Philadelphia Eagles after the year of the team not reaching the Super Bowl, despite being favored in the final two NFC title games?
0–6
What is the title of the book that documents the involvement of the president of the BioProducts Division at Archer Daniels Midland in a conspiracy case?
The Informant
Chattem is an American, Chattanooga, Tennessee-based, producer and marketer of over-the-counter healthcare products, brand portfolio includes Allegra, what other name is it called by?
Fexofenadine
Who was the winner of the Miss Universe pageant in which La Toya Woods competed?
Ximena Navarrete
What participant in Operation Phantom Linebacker currently has about 17,000 soldiers, 10,000 of whom are stationed in South Korea? 
2nd Infantry Division (United States)
Cashback was a movie that starred which English actress from "Silent Witness"?
Emilia Rose Elizabeth Fox
Moominpappa at Sea is a loose reference to a novel written by what American author?
Ernest Hemingway
Pre-Madonna was a collection of demos by the singer who was a leading presence during the emergence of what network?
MTV
Which genus contains more species, Philadelphus or Sarracenia?
Philadelphus
Who was appointed the fifth Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1946, Woody Allen or Karl Shapiro ?
Karl Jay Shapiro
What sport does Dave Silk and Miracle on Ice have in common?
hockey
Who was the director of the 2004 Hong Kong martial arts film starring the actress whose nickname is "Dingding"?
Johnnie To
Who was a sixth overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft and MVP of the 2012 NBA Summer League?
Damian Lillard
Who directed the 2005 film version of the famous musical The Producers?
Susan Stroman
What is the name of this American musician, singer, actor, comedian, and songwriter, who worked with Modern Records and born in December 5, 1932?
Little Richard
My Son starred the actor who began his career in which field in the 1990s?
fashion model
Where does the American rock band Drowning Pool, named after a movie, who feature on the official soundtrack for the film 'The Punisher', hail from?
Dallas
 Whose name and recipe are registered by the rum brand Havana Club, Culto A La Vida or Tequila Slammer?
Culto A La Vida
What language is Shahzeb Khanzada's show "To The Point" shown in?
Urdu
What fictional antihero from comic books published by DC Comics, who sometimes acts as a cab driver, was created by Alan Moore, Steve Bissette, and John Totleben?
John Constantine
Which women's cricket team based in Sydney, Australia featured an Australian sportswoman named Ellyse Alexander Perry?
The Sydney Sixers
Which band is from London, Alkaline Trio or World Party?
World Party
What German composer wrote a letter in 1770 addressing Lucrezia Aguiari's ability to perform in C sporano acuto?
Leopold Mozart
When was the film produced by the wife of Nick Hornby, starring Saoirse Ronan, Emory Cohen, Domhnall Gleeson, Jim Broadbent, and Julie Walters released?
2015
Lemon La Vida Loca took its name from a song by which Puerto Rican singer?
Ricky Martin
Once More, with Feeling is a 2003 book by an English writer and presenter, who is also a professional at what card game?
poker
This American author, known for historical fiction, wrote a novel that vividly depicts the Berlin Airlift near its end.  Who is he?
Leon Uris
What star of "Floodtide" was born 25 March 1897?
John Laurie
Thomas Heckert worked with four coaches, including James "Jimmy" Johnson, who was a broadcaster in this sport?
football
Charles Wallace Murray is a major character in a fantasy/science fiction series of how many young adult novels written by Madeleine L'Engle?
five
What is the name of this 1998 British-American crime comedy film, whose soundtrack included Lujon?
The Big Lebowski
What county is the William Sewall House located in?
Aroostook County, Maine, United States
When was the head coach of 1955 Mississippi State Maroons football team born who left after 1955 college football season?
July 6, 1924
Chindia is a portmanteau word that refers to China and India together in general, together, they contain over one-third of the total number of humans currently living, and is called?
world's population
Lambic is brewed in Brussels at a brewery founded in what year?
1900
Sensitivity was covered by a Tejano singer who was called what for her clothing choices?
Tejano Madonna
Which of the singers featured in Climate Change was born in September 21, 1989?
Jason Derulo
Henry Street passes underneath  The Manhattan bridge which crosses the East River in New York City, the street was named for what hero of the American revolutionary War?
Henry Rutgers
Which Finnish hip hop group that was active between 1998 and 2005 sang  "Freestyler" 
The Bomfunk MC's
Public Atorni: Asunto o Areglo is an Philippine television court show similar to US television court shows such as a long-running American arbitration-based reality court show presided over by a retired what?   
Manhattan family court judge
 Richard Tucholka is best known for his work in the creation of a role-playing game first published in 1982 by who?
Tri Tac Games
When was the director of the 2010 American-Canadian supernatural horror film Insidious born?
27 February 1977
Mie Højlund, is a Danish handball player, she currently plays for which organization, and the Denmark women's national handball team?
Odense Håndbold
Rocket Science featured an interview with what US Air Force test pilot?
Charles Elwood "Chuck" Yeager
Capehart House is located in what city that is the second largest city in North Carolina?
Raleigh
Henry C. McRae served for one season as the head football coach of a college that declines to accept what?
federal financial support
What century were the group of American poets associated with New England that Henry Wadsworth Longfellow popular among readers?
19th-century
Are Horton Foote and David Foster Wallace both playwrights?
no
Featuring photographs of the Grand Canyon by artists such as John D. Morris, the book Grand Canyon: A Different View is edited by who?
Tom Vail
David Luchins served as an aide to a Vice President who was passed away in which year ?
1978
Which professor of evolutionary anthropology at Duke University is the director of the Jane Goodall Institute, founded by Jane Goodall the British primatologist?
Anne Elizabeth Pusey
Queen of the Netherlands is a Dutch Trailing suction hopper dredger ship, constructed in 1998, the vessel has been used in high-profile salvage and dredging operations including the investigation into which scheduled international passenger flight from New York City, United States, to Geneva, Switzerland, the flight was also a codeshare flight with Delta Air Lines?
Swissair Flight 111
Legend is a science fiction Western television show starring an American , director, producer, writer, singer, musician, voice artist and stand-up what?
comedian
Who wrote the book that depicts part of the life of the historian born on October 7, 1943?
Robert Timberg
Which documentary film was released first, "Ring of Fire" or "Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers"?
Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers
A naval leader in Germany before and during World War II  attained the highest possible naval rank since who, was later replaced by  the man who briefly succeeded Adolf Hitler as the head of state of Germany?
Alfred von Tirpitz
Winnie Nanyondo participated in what events at the Universiade Village Stadium and the Central Stadium in Kazan, Russia representing Uganda in July 2013?
2013 Summer Universiade
In which county was Jeremiah Joseph O'Keefe mayor from 1973 to 1981?
Harrison County
Which band formed first Suede or Hard-Fi ?
Suede
Social Distortion and Poster Children, are of which nationality?
American
What is similar about Mary Harron and Sergei Parajanov? 
filmmaker
What year was the 2007 AFI Best supporting actress winner born?
1982
A Mother's Gift is by the mother of which television producer?
Bryan Spears
What actor born in 1988 stars in a 2014 Telugu drama film directed by Bharathi Ganesh?
Yami Gautam
Were Irving Wallace and Muriel Spark writers in the same countries?
no
What does the company abbreviation stand for, who's former hairman and CEO is an American businessman,and  investment banker?
Commercial Investment Trust
 "On My Mind" is a song by English singer Ellie Goulding that many critics considered an answer to a song recorded by what English singer-songwriter for his second studio album?
Ed Sheeran
Who is a professional wrestler, Tamar Kaprelian or Seth Rollins?
Seth Rollins
Were Rolf de Heer and Joseph M. Newman of the same nationality?
no
Vaidotas was a son of what ruler of medieval Lithuania who was the Duke of Trakai?
Kęstutis
Which recording artist as worked on songs with both Jamal Jones and Shaffer Smith?
Rihanna
What is the nationality of the writer of Right Now: A 12-Step Program for Defeating the Obama Agenda ?
American
What organized agrarian economic movement among American farmers was supported by the weekly left-wing political newspaper, Apeal to Reason?
Farmers' Alliance
Which Italian choregrapher appeared on Season 12 of Dancing with the Stars?
Bruno Tonioli
The town where painter Henry Augustus Loop died is located in what Metropolitan Statistical Area?
Glens Falls
The National Association of Credit Management (NACM) is a non-profit organization based in Columbia, Maryland that promotes standards for the business-to-business credit profession, the trade association specializes in education for its membership, advancement of credit industry practices as well as what, which is the credit extended by one trader to another for the purchase of goods and services?
Trade credit
Are Boy George and Craig Nicholls both from the same country?
no
What event that Svetlana Radzivil participated in is organized by the Asian Athletics Association?
Asian Athletics Championships
Are Bocconia and Bellevalia both flowering plants?
no
The singer of "World in Perfect Harmony" received the Brit Award for Best British Female in what year?
1983
How far is the protected area along the river near Babcock State Park?
53 mi
Dougan is a variety of what component of Asian cuisine?
tofu
A British former shot putter won the World's Strongest Man contest twice, where was the contest held?
The contest was held at Nice, France.
The schmaltrum turret could be found on what tanks other than the Panzerkampfwagen IV?
B Panther II medium tank, Panther A and G medium tank
The Garrick Club is a gentlemen's club in the heart of London founded in 1831, since its conception has catered to members such as which English actor and theatre manager, that died on 2 July 1917?
Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree
What is the name of the first compilation album produced by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo's company?
Waves
Dina Meyer played Detective Allison Kerry in an American horror franchise that consists of how many feature films?
eight
Who created the television series which has "Off Colors" as the third episode to the fifth season? 
Rebecca Sugar
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl was the team founded in 2011 after the plane crash near which airport?
Tunoshna Airport
Who is the American actor that plays one of the wealthy gay couple in The New Normal that was born on August 23, 1978?
Andrew Rannells
What job did both Elizabeth Bishop and Nelson DeMille have?
writer
In which sport did the Czech stars Daniel Vacek and Hana Mandlíková gain professional status?
tennis
Which of these events came first, the release of the movie Toy Story or the death of marathon runner Stylianos Kyriakides?
Stylianos "Stelios" Kyriakides
Was We Are Scientists or Needtobreathe formed further west?
Needtobreathe
What year was the Mad Men actor who played Betty's ex-husband on the show born?
1971
Which novel is the author of Clockwork Angel best known for?
The Mortal Instruments
The 24th Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony was a positive for the 2004 Hong Kong romantic drama written and directed by whom?
Wong Kar-wai
Which New England university has a larger main campus, University of Hartford or University of Massachusetts Amherst?
University of Hartford
Stoke City football has a new shirt sponsor based in what country?
United Kingdom
Craig Duane Neal who was selected in the 1988 NBA draft by a team based in which US state ?
Oregon
What show does Lori Grener appear in, that gives an investment in the sixth season to a company named Roominate?
Shark Tank
Were the bands Man or Astro-man? and Tool formed during the same decade?
yes
Hank Azaria joined what cartoon as a voice actor 10 years before acting in Mystery Men?
"The Simpsons"
On what subject did this German-born philologist and Orientalist, who lived in Britain for most of his life and is considered one of the most important German scholars in Indian Philology alongside Heinrich Zimmer, work on?
Indology
Toby Williams is a British actor, writer and award-winning stand-up comedian, he has appeared in which British comedy television series, shown on the Sky Living channel?
Trying Again
Which television channel had a show set at a location adjacent to Silverado Ranch?
Travel Channel
What season of The Voice did the lead vocalist of No Doubt appear on?
ninth
Naked and Sacred was released by the member of the daughter of which band?
The Mamas & the Papas
Kooikers appeared in the paintings of a Dutch painter whose works are known for their abundance of what?
colour
Dave Peverett and Jimi Hendrix bother made music in what genre?
rock
The Killers of Comedy Tour and Beetlejuice were both regular guests on what late night show?
Howard Stern Show
Mills River is a tributary of the river that starts in what Transylvania County, North Carolina town?
Rosman
Who starred in the British gangster film in which Daragh O'Malley had one of his first roles?
Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren
why was the hills tavern renamed the century inn?
Built between 1811 and 1837
The 2017 American period crime drama film Detroit is about the 1967 Detroit riot which is also known as what?
12th Street Riot
What type of gesture does Donets-Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic and have in common?
signed
When did the music gene performed by Maria Fumaça originate?
mid-1960s
which movie was directed by Damien Chazelle and won the 2017 Guild of Music Supervisors Awards?
directed by Damien Chazelle
Which actress of the movie Havoc is daughter of John Phillips
Bijou Phillips
The Spice Girls were an English pop girl group formed in 1994, the group originally consisted of Geri Halliwell ("Ginger Spice"),  Geraldine Estelle "Geri" Horner is an English pop singer-songwriter, clothes designer, author and actress, born when?
6 August 1972
Where Harry Beaumont and Theodore Wharton co-stars in a movie?
no
What U.S. Route runs through Clay Township down to Jacksonville, Florida?
U.S. Route 23
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star Arlene Dahl starred in the film "Ambush" in 1950, which was based on a story of the same name written by who?
Luke Short
Which suburb in southern Hamilton, New Zealand contains streets named after war heroes including Douglas Bader?
Melville
What nationality is the lady who, with Sergei Dudakov coaches Yakau Zenko ?
Russian
What conference has the most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes?
Western Conference
The Guardians of the Galaxy, are a fictional spacefaring superhero team, appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, it has an an initial roster, including which  fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, where the character first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #13 (November 1960)? 
Groot
What kind of vegetation does Filipendula and Aloinopsis have in common?
plants
Seiryuzan Zuigan-ji is a temple with teachings that originated from what country?
China
The music for Coco was by a man born when?
April 6, 1929
The action figure Tommy Gunn came with what weapon that remained in use until 1994?
Sterling submachine gun
Are both musicians Alison Moyet and Mike Muir from the same country?
no
A German-speaking philosopher, born of Jewish parentage in present-day Belarus highly praises a Polish rabbi, who called to the Fürth in 1775, in his "Lebensgeschichte", what was the Polish rabbi commonly called due to his great keenness in  Talmudical discussions?
Hirsch Ḥarif
Are Larry Gagosian and Steve Dildarian both art dealers?
no
The Wild and Do Dooni Chaar, have which film genre in common?
comedy
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the screen play for the film starring which two actors?
Angelina Jolie and Ethan Hawke
Who was Joe Cornish's co-writer of "Ant-Man" that served as head writer for "Saturday Night Live"?
Adam McKay
Could Ann Beattie and  Edgar Rice Burroughs be dating?
no
 The 2014 Charles Sturt Adelaide International took place in a suburb that contains what stadium?
AAMI Stadium
Seiersberg is a former municipality in the Austrian state that has what area?
16401 km2
What is the name of the race that is known as the test of the champion? 
2016 Belmont Stakes
Three... Extremes is a sequel to Three consist of what segments?
omnibus
Who sings the lead song in a 2010 romantic comedy starring Jessica Alba, Kathy Bates, and Bradley Cooper?
Jewel
Actor Peter Lockyer recently returned to his native Connecticut to play in a five-character memory play by what famous American playwright?
Tennessee Williams
When did the founder of the Westboro Baptist Church die?
2014
Which Disney film was released first,  Monkeys, Go Home! or Robin Hood?
Monkeys, Go Home!
Which came first, Million Dollar Arm or The Wild?
The Wild
Worker: Which animal which is white in winter and brown in summer lives throughout the Arctic and can trace its roots to an extinct animal that lived in the Himalayas?
Arctic fox
Kim Bo-mi is known for appearing in supporting roles in films and television dramas notably this blockbuster 2011 South Korean comedy-drama film that was directed by who
Kang Hyeong-cheol
Going to Meet the Man covers many topics, including these relations, which culminated in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?
African-American–Jewish relations
The Newcastle United athlete that came through FC Bibo played what position?
a defensive midfielder
"If I Were a Boy" is a song performed by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé, Columbia Records released "If I Were a Boy" to US radio on which date, as the album's lead single alongside "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", from Beyoncé's third studio album?
October 8, 2008
What team did Darrelle Revis play for, two years after he was drafted?
The New York Jets
Who had their Houston Aeros debut in the 1973-74 season and is nicknamed "Mr. Hockey"?
Gordie Howe
Woman's Viewpoint and Peterson's Magazine, are of which nationality?
American
The Football League Super Cup was formed in response to an incident when escaping fans were pressed against a collapsing wall in what stadium?
Heysel Stadium in Brussels
Do Super Furry Animals and Social Distortion have the same amount of current band members?
yes
Renee Powell and Althea Gibson were the first two African-American female golfers on the LPGA Tour. In what other sport did Gibson win major championships?
tennis
Which 2015 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Joachim Trier did Thomas Robsahm produced in 2015
Louder Than Bombs
The Battle of Gully Hole Creek was a battle that took place on July 18, 1742 (new style) between Spanish and British forces in the Province of Georgia,was one of the Southern colonies in British America, and was the last of the thirteen original American colonies established by Great Britain in what later became which country?
United States
What movement did the author of Wetware help to found?
the cyberpunk literary movement
What prominent role did Scott Grimes play in HBO Mini series band of brothers?
Donald Malarkey
What burial method requires digging up skeletal remains and was the subject of a 2007 documentary?
An ossuary
Mudvayne's single "Happy?" was the theme song of a PPV event that was held in what city?
Las Vegas
La Cenerentola and Doktor Faust, are which type of play?
opera
What sport do both Chanda Rubin and Andy Murray play?
tennis
Where was the Rector of an evangelical Anglican church in the city of Adelaide, South Australia from 1957-1973 born?
Elsternwick, Victoria
What fashion label did the founder of the Faena Arts Center found in 1985?
Via Vai
Which historic fishing town in south Ghana has the N1 passing through it?
Winneba
Which five uniformed services of the United States are eligible for the National Defense Service Medal?
Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard
Hindi film actresses and the wife of the film actor Dilip Kumar is the daughter of Naseem Banu, known as what?
"Beauty Queen"
Which band is known for its musical contributions to the TV series Jackass, CKY or Good Charlotte?
CKY
For what show set in Dillon Texas did the show runner of "Bates Motel" work as a consulting producer on?
Friday Night Lights
What Indian actor/actress born in 1981 had a lead role in Lakshyam?
Anushka Shetty
Who directed the 1979 American drama film that starred the actress who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Psycho"?
Verona
American Ride is a studio album with one song that was a tribute to a basketball player who was elected to what in 2009?
National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame
The Municipality of Concord was a local government area of Sydney, New South Wales, in 2000, it merged with Drummoyne Council to become the council of which  local government area in the Inner West of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia?
City of Canada Bay
Which Swiss low-cost airline operated out of the airport that is also connected to by a British express coach operator?
EasyJet Switzerland
Jeremy Renner was in the 2007 movie that was a sequel to what successful 2002 film?
28 Days Later
The Enemy Expatriation Act (HR 3166 and S. 1698) is a proposed law in the United States sponsored by Scott Philip Brown, an American attorney, politician, diplomat, and the U.S. Ambassador to which country?
New Zealand
Between Jack Conway and George Dunning, who was more active in animation films?
George Garnett Dunning
What year did a popular song release that was accompanied by dancing by a famous American dancer?
1946
The protagonist to the 1949 British film noir was born when?
16 September 1890
Ana Beatriz Barros is a Brizilian model known for appearances with an American designer of women's premium lingerie, is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie, and is wholloy owned by what company?
L Brands
The Rentals and Suede are both what?
rock band
Which Canadian singer was originally featured on the song "Bankroll" by American DJ Diplo?
Justin Bieber
Between Willow and Darwinia, which genus has more species?
Darwinia
What was the pen name of the husband of Grand Duchess Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna ?
"K.R."
The father of Pietro de' Medici was the Duke of Florence between what years?
1537 until 1569
Which dance music project did Tyler Pope play with?
Hercules & Love Affair
Which plant, Enkianthus or Scadoxus, is small enough to be grown as an ornamental plant in containers?
Scadoxus
Which writer was African-American, Patrick White or Ernest J. Gaines?
Ernest James Gaines
Which director is from a country closer to the United States, Arturo Ripstein or Bahman Ghobadi?
Arturo Ripstein
The evil clown is an archetype and subversion of the traditional comic clown character, that is featured in the 22nd book and 18th novel written by what American author?
Stephen King
Virginia Abernethy is professor emerita of psychiatry and anthropology in what city?
Nashville, Tennessee
Idaho's sole state college (until 1963) was led by what coach in 1937?
Ted Bank
Donna Mills starred as Tobie Williams in a movie directed by who ?
Clint Eastwood
In which state did Free-Staters settle?
Kansas
how is U.S. Route 1/9 and George Washington Bridge connected?
New York City
What is the name of the soap opera with the character Tasha Andrews?
"Home and Away"
Which lead vocalist wrote songs for Black Sabbath?
Ronnie James Dio
Custom knifemaker Gil Hibben designed the knifes used by Ed Parker in this martial art characterized by the use of quick and powerful strikes delivered from the body's natural weapons, powered by rapid stance transitions?
American Kenpo
What 2005 film by Tim Fywell saw an appearance by the actress from "Thank You for Smoking" and "Stuart Little?"
Ice Princess
In what month is the traditional fish dish served at a festival in Kansas?
October
How large is the civil parish and townland in which Stephen Brown was born?
755 acres
Chris Waters has written music for which country music group that was founded in 1992?
Lonestar
Like the Roman: The Life of Enoch Powell is a book whose title is taken from when British Member of Parliament Enoch Powell addressed a meeting of the Conservative Political Centre where?
Birmingham, UK
Which film was released first, Cars 2 or Into the Woods?
Cars 2
Savage Grace is based on the dysfunctional, allegedly incestuous relationship between which wealthy American socialite who was murdered and her son, Antony?
Barbara Daly Baekeland
Pay the Ghost starred which actress who had a role in Prison Break?
Sarah Wayne Callies
are Carpentaria and Panax both plant genera ?
yes
Innovative Life: The Anthology 1984-1989, is a compilation album released in 2008 by who, which American rapper, singer-songwriter, record producer and DJ?
Arabian Prince
Destiny is what while Farsa is a genre of this?
opera
How many languages does the Dutch Caribbean-born professional baseball player speak who is noted for having hit a home run in the Major Leagues?
five languages
Pietà or Revolution by Night is a painting by an artist that died in what year?
1976
Wildsville, Louisiana is located on a US route that was extended to Colorado by what year?
1941
What is Bern Minster's branch of Protestantism called?
The Swiss Reformed Church
Which town, with a population of 64,376 is bordered by Jiehkkevárri?
Tromsø
What town administered by the Eurobodalla Shire council is near Higgins Creek?
Batemans Bay
What store in Ambarrukmo Plaza was established in 1981?
Giordano
Troublemakers was the last Western in which Bud Spencer paired with which longtime collaborator?
Terence Hill
In what county were The 1981 U.S. Clay Court Championships held?
Marion County
How many retailers are there in the Souk across from The Dubai Textile Souk?
over 300 retailers
"(I'm 10,000 Years Old)" was the subtitle of the 11th album by which iconic rock and roll singer?
Elvis Presley
What influential English design engineer designed the Lotus 49?
Colin Chapman
What part did Rolls-Royce Holdings make for Sea Jet?
an underwater discharge water jet
Of Herbert Achternbusch an David Seltzer, which lived closer to Canada?
David Seltzer
Mustafa Kemal University was named after the Turkish army officer, revolutionary, and founder of the Republic of Turkey who served as its first President beginning when?
1923
What is the name of the first book in the series that precedes The Heroes of Olympus?
Camp Half-Blood Chronicles
What are both Quietdrive and Supergrass?
rock band
What Roger Miller novelty song was originally recorded in November 1964?
King of the Road
When did the reality singing competition where a Dutch rapper of Moroccan descent appeared as a judge air?
It aired during 2014
When was the Half-Life first-person shooter game released by game development community MapCore? 
1998
The States General of the Netherlands meets at what location that is a complex of buildings in the city centre of The Hague?
The Binnenhof
Breakable You is a book that was made into a movie staring what actor who is also known for roles in Raiders of the Lost Ark and Enchanted April?
Alfredo "Alfred" Molina
What party does the Virginia representative of a narrow pass through the mountains belong to?
Republican
Which awards did the writer of Baby Blue win in 1973? 
two Ivor Novello Awards
Are Kunzea and Trollius both genera of plants?
yes
Who was king of Sweden during the Battle of Kirchholm?
Charles IX
The Scarlet Tulip EP is a 2011 EP studio release from a singer born in what year?
1975
What was the first EP of the singer who recorded What Ifs?
"Closer"
Where does the 2009 movie which was directed by the director who also directed "Heaven" take place?
Luxembourg
Are Pizza Ranch and Gino's East located in Florida?
no
Film critic Paul Harris appears on commercial radio stations 3AW and 3RRR in which Australian city? 
Melbourne
Are Kim Jung-ah and Mary Ramsey both singers?
yes
In what year was the head coach of the 2009–10 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team born?
1975
Saint-Jean-Chrysostome is a sector within the Les Chutes-de-la-Chaudière-Est borough of the city of Lévis in central Quebec, Canada south of which capital city of the Canadian province with the same name?
Quebec City
Denton is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of which area, of Greater Manchester in North West England?
Tameside
Where was the opera that Vladimir Galouzine was in that was first performed on 24 December 1871?
Cairo's Khedivial Opera House
The South Cheshire Way is a 32 mi long-distance footpath running east–west mainly through Cheshire, England, the western section from Grindley Brook, near Whitchurch, runs through farmland; the eastern section from which  isolated village which straddles the Cheshire–Staffordshire border, and is divided between the North West and West Midlands regions of England?
Mow Cop
Pachystegia and Passiflora, are in the family of Passifloraceae?
no
Who is the Aboriginal Canadian artist of the M'Chigeeng?
Norval Morrisseau
What former national security advisor preceded Michael Hagee as Commandant of the Marine Corps?
James L. Jones
Are Edna St. Vincent Millay and Robert Penn Warren both Pulitzer Prize-winners for their poetry?
yes
Which university was established first, Vanderbilt University or Bowdoin College?
Bowdoin College
Following the 1978 Cincinnati Reds season, a baseball player with what nickname left to sign with the Phillies?
"Charlie Hustle"
This organization, formed in 1918, boasted Arthur C. Clarke as one of its members.
Royal Air Force
Which Major League Baseball did this Dominican former professional baseball player, whom the Indians gave up in exchange for Bruce Ellingsen wth the Dodgers, play in 1985 (other than the Dodgers)?
St. Louis Cardinals
In the 2004 United States Senate election in Hawaii, which candidate won?
Daniel Ken "Dan" Inouye
What band did the man who released 2541 form after Hüsker Dü's breakup?
Nova Mob
Which singer was the leader of an alternative rock band,  Bob Mould or Hayley Williams?
Robert Arthur Mould
When did the MV Bessel run aground to at the second largest island in the Mediterranean?
1972
In what year was the younger of the two brother boxers, Lucas Martin Matthysse and Walter Dario Matthysse, born?
1982
Camelots du Roi was a youth organization of which far-right movement and journal?
Action Française
What is the name of the Minneapolis Mayor who won the 2009 election by 73.6% of the vote?
R. T. Rybak
What center was the 55th Academy Awards held in?
the Los Angeles Music Center
Al Hirt played the theme song for the ABC US television series starring whom?
Van Williams
Who was the uncle of German physicist and philosopher who was the longest-living member of the team which performed nuclear research in Germany during the Second World War?
Viktor Freiherr von Weizsäcker
Kyle Ezell is a professor at what school
Knowlton School
Blast Vegas starred the actor and musician who played the title character on what sitcom?
Malcolm in the Middle
What region of Italy did Giovanni Giarola paint in?
Emilia-Romagna
Richard Kim worked on the car that was part of what BMW project?
Project i
What was Sedgebrook railway station formerly?
Grantham railway station
What is the university that Monica Heller is a professor at that is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada?
University of Toronto
Which is an American band, Nada Surf or Shihad?
Nada Surf
In between Michael Casey and Zach Bogosian, who is an ice hockey defenseman?
Zachary M. Bogosian
iCan Benefit Group, LLC is a US based insurance agency that provides access to a wide range of health care plans, which American television direct-response advertisement salesperson, represented them?
William Darrell "Billy" Mays Jr.
which city was to host the 1944 Olympics but we're canceled due to world War ii
London
What three letter abbreviation is the college where Chrissy Roberts is head coach commonly referred to by?
EKU
Francesco Rospigliosi Pallavicini was born in Rome, in what was then which territories in the Italian Peninsula under the sovereign direct rule of the pope, from the 8th century until 1870?
Papal States
Who was the director of the 1990 romantic comedy film in which  "Exile" was featured?
Peter Weir
What animal do both Cocky and cockfights have in common?
rooster
In what year was the man born who coached The 1973 Indiana Hoosiers football team?
1935
Are W. E. B. Du Bois and Dan Simmons both writers?
yes
Bayer 04 Leverkusen is a club that has hosted matches at which arena since 1958?
BayArena
How many British ships were named Scipio the African?
Two ships of the British Royal Navy
Frank Freshwaters pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter and, after a brief sentence at a prison located in which city ?
Mansfield
What song did the future wife of Brian May take to Number Four in the UK singles chart ?
Anyone Can Fall in Love
The TV series James Callis joined in 2010 premiered on what date?
July 18, 2006
What state was the president who appointed Fran P. Mainella to be the 16th Director of the National Park Service of the United States once governor of?
Texas
When was the singer of "Laugh at Me" born? 
February 16, 1935
What national basketball association player also represens the dominiDom republic national team?
Al Horford
What British tv show stars Jamie de Courcey and has been featured in both British and French TV?
"The Tunnel"
What 5th generation USAF tactical fighter built by Lockheed Martin and Boeing will remain in service alongside the new sixth generation fighter?
Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor
What was the nickname of the employee of an American company that manufactures footwear, sports, and casual apparel given by Bill Parcells because of his fondess for technology? 
Received the nickname "Laptop"
During the Great Depression, which U.S. President dedicated Timberline Lodge in Clackamas County, Oregon?
President Franklin D. Roosevelt
What HBO original series featured an actor who also starred in the 2016 film "The Pass"?
"Looking"
Wayne B. Sappleton was a star at an institution founded in what year?
1870
No One Would Tell is based on the true story of Jamie Fuller, who murdered his girlfriend in a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, with a population of what?
39,502
Where is the birthplace of "Babe" Hardy?
Harlem
Johnny Mathis Sings included a song that started out as the instrumental title track to a film directed by whom?
Blake Edwards
Both Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park belongs to which country?
Spain
George Rochberg's Symphony No. 5 was first performed in 1986 under the direction of what Hungarian-born orchestral and operatic conductor?
Georg Solti
The Tama Maru No. 2 was damaged by what World War II American naval scout plane and dive bomber that was manufactured by Douglas Aircraft?
Douglas SBD Dauntless
Which  American actor was real life brother of Joey Lawrence, Matthew Lawrence 
Andrew James Lawrence
At what frequency the news magazine published in which Ursula Gauthier was reporter in China?
weekly
In what year was the book published that first talks about biopower?
1976
What episode of South Park was created using the Snapz Pro X program for macOS?
Make Love, Not Warcraft
HDMS Hvidbjørnen is what class of ocean patrol vessel, also called Stanflex 3000, belonging to the Royal Danish Navy?
"Thetis"-class ocean patrol vessel
Anthony D. "Tony" Saletan is an American folk singer and educator, who is responsible for the modern rediscovery of two of the genre's best-known songs, one being which spiritual song first recorded in the 1920s, and it became a standard campfire song in Scouting and summer camps and enjoyed broader popularity during the folk revival of the 1950s and 1960s?
Kum ba yah
Christmas Town starred the Canadian actress who also had a starring role in what cult film?
Cube
Julien Nitzberg was the director of which documentary about a family in Boone County, West Virginia?
The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia
Where is the broadcast studio of the channel that along with CNN and BBC disputes the murderer of Neda?
1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York City, New York
The city in which Monty Waters was born is Italian for what word?
modest
Who is this American basketball coach who previously served as a coach at Montana Tech and led the Houston Cougars men's basketball team during the season when the team finished in tenth and lost to Tulsa?
Kelvin Sampson
The county in Kentucky containing Peytona had how many people in its population in the 2010 census?
42,074
Which mountain range contains the highest rise of the Hazel River?
the Blue Ridge Mountains
Which religious practice of pre-Columbian Aztec civilization was shared with the Maya, Zapotec, and Nicarao people?
human sacrifice
What drug is the main ingredient referenced in the "drank" of the song Drank in My Cup?
cough syrup
Battlestar Galactica starred which actor and director?
Edward James Olmos
Who founded one of the news channels that Amy Richards has appeared on?
Ted Turner
What Hawaiian Navy base contains the Admiral Clarey Bridge?
Pearl Harbor
Who created an award in 1990 named after the 2000 winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics?
North Dallas Chamber of Commerce
In which city is this federal prison located where this fictional murderer from the film Slaughterhouse Rock is incarcerated?
San Francisco
The actress that played Jane Bennet in the film "Pride & Prejudice" also stars with Tom Cruise in a film directed by Christopher McQuarrie that is based on what novel?
"One Shot"
Judy Clarke defended an American domestic terrorist convicted for a series of anti-abortion and anti-gay-motivated bombings across the southern United States know as what?
the Olympic Park Bomber
Are Sonerila and Carludovica both genus of plants ?
yes
Are Cross Florida Barge Canal and Lake Worth Lagoon both located in Florida?
yes
Debbie Fields husband is associated with what hotel chain based in Atlanta Georgia?
Holiday Inn
Innervision is a song from the studio album released on what date?
November 26, 2002
Jack Moore played collegiately at the college in what NCAA conference?
Big Ten
Coll is known for Breacachadh also know as?
Breachacha Castle
Which ancient Lebanese city issued the coins known as shekels, used to pay taxes in the Temple of Jerusalem?
Tyre
What is the name of the yearly official list of the top 100 Companies in Ghana which was first put together in 1998 by the Government of Ghana agency established to encourage, promote and facilitate investments in all sectors of the economy of Ghana?
The Ghana Club 100
Emily Peachey appeared in a 2011 film directed by who?
John Singleton
The largest county in Oklahoma by area, gets its name from the broad rolling hills and rolling tallgrass prairie and Cross Timbers encompassing the county and surrounding areas, including portions of Mayes, Tulsa, Washington and Kay Counties, was created in what year?
1907
Are both Paul Schattel and Francis Ford Coppola American film directors?
yes
Which company specializes in coffee, Microchip Technology or Keurig Green Mountain? 
Keurig Green Mountain
The artist behind Overpowered was also part of what hip hop duo?
Moloko
When was the Danish danseur, choreographer died who once said, "gave the world a new idea of the ballerina in 19th-century Romantic ballets”?
1 April 1986
In what year did the Highway that connects the major metropolitan areas of St. Louis, Louisville and Lexington in Kentucky, Charleston, West Virginia, and Richmond, Virginia open?
1975
What team did the Pittsburgh Penguins lose to in the opening round to the eventual Stanley Cup?
New York Islanders
One Upon a Time in Shaolin featuring Tarik Azzougarh with what group?
Wu-Tang Clan
Are Lupin Mine and Lost Lemon Mine both places that can be located on a map?
no
How many songs has the artist who recorded Three Cord Opera had in the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary Top 10?
38
What film was written by the newspaperman born in 1880?
The Lemon Drop Kid
Who was born first, Xavier Malisse or Gene Mayer?
Gene Mayer
Which Minnesota Timberwolves player was around 20 or younger in the 2015-16 season and also played for University of Kentucky ?
Karl-Anthony Towns
What American road racing cyclist lost to  Jens Voigt for the second year in a row?
Levi Leipheimer
The Children Act is a film, released in which year, directed by Richard Eyre based on the novel, "The Children Act", it stars Stanley Tucci, an American character actor, writer, producer and film director?
2017
which British coming of age sitcom television series was James Buckley  known for playing Jay Cartwright in  
The Inbetweeners
what medieval Scottish castle was build during the same period as the chapel Dedicated to the Virgin Mary?
The Castle of Rattray
Which actor had a role in The Legend of Frosty the Snowman and also in "How I Met Your Mother"
Bill Fagerbakke
3D Wayfinder is an indoor wayfinding software and service used to help visitors to navigate larg publich buildings such as institutions which award what?
academic degrees
In what year was the Newlands resolution enacted?
1898
Jamesy Boy stars what actor who played himself on eight episodes of "Family Guy"?
James Woods
What job do both  Idrissa Ouedraogo and Jerry Paris have in common?
director
The video of the song Die with you is available only on a streaming service maintained by which company ?
Aspiro AB
A Sileighty is a Nissan 180SX with headlights, front fenders, hood and front bumpers installed from a long-running line of sport coupes based on what?
Nissan S platform
 S. Truett Cathy founded a fast food chain that is headquartered in what state?
Georgia
Which genus contains the greatest number of species, Lomatia or Delosperma?
Delosperma
The Electoral district of Fisher covers what city the has the known shopping mall called "The Hub"?
Aberfoyle Park
What is the best known role of the host of the 64th Annual Tony Awards ? 
Jack McFarland
The Professional Basketball Club LLC is an investment group headed by an American businessman who is the chairman of Dorchester Capital Corporation, and is also the chairman emeritus of the board of directors of what organization?
Oklahoma Heritage Association
Tampa International Airport and John F. Kennedy International Airport, are national airports?
no
What genre of music from the late 1970s to late 1980s includes the hit song Velfarre 2000 by the artist Bazooka Girl?
Italo disco
The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala is a song by the English band formed in what suburb of Sheffield?
High Green
Which country did both Klemens von Metternich and Richard von Metternich represent?
Austrian
What actress who plays a role in "Footballers' Wives" as has a part of a doctor in the series Spooks?
Laila Rouass
what does Completely Serious and Daniel Tosh have in common?
comedy
Which village and civil parish in Hertfordshire did Watling Chase Timberland Trail passes through
London Colney
Who created the television series on which Oliver Cooper plays Levon?
Tom Kapinos
Stevie Nicks and Tairrie B, are Americans of which musical occupation?
singer
What is the name of the 5th studio album of the artist Khia?
Love Locs
Proud To Commit Commercial Suicide is a live album by industrial metal band Nailbomb and captures the band's only live appearance at the 1995 Dynamo Open Air Festival, the album cover is a picture of the aftermath of which infamous remote settlement established by the Peoples Temple, an American socialist organization under the leadership of Jim Jones, in northwestern Guyana?
Jonestown
 The Cleek-McCabe Site is in what region that makes up the northern part of Kentucky?
Bluegrass region
What continent has the Kogyae Strict Nature Reserve?
Asia
Chas Early is best known for portraying a comedian born in what year?
1961
Was Allen Drury or Jean Giono born first?
Jean Giono
Taxi Payant began airing on September 3, 2009 on V,, it airs in Québec instead of which titled American version of the series game show,  that aired new episodes on the Discovery Channel from 2005 to 2012?
Cash Cab
In what year was the club founded that played Manchester City in the 1972 FA Charity Shield
1874
What was the air date of the "30 Rock" episode that guest starred an actor from the films "Horrible Bosses" (2011) and "Hall Pass" (2011)?
March 8, 2007
The sultan who ordered the extermination of specific Armenian districts in the Ottoman Empire in 1895 ws deposed on what date?
27 April 1909
What album, released on 27 March 1984, featured the heavy metal ballad that reached number 64 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in July 1984?
Love at First Sting
Yoo Seung-ho, is a South Korean actor who rose to fame as a child actor, he headlined the historical film, The Magician, a South Korean period fantasy film, released in which year, directed by Kim Dae-seung?
2015
What did the man whose cabinet Thomas Walsh joined as Minister for Agriculture lead the introduction of?
Constitution of Ireland
How She Move is a film which features a type of dancing mainly performed in groups of how many?
three or more
When was was the second commander of 1st Cherokee Mounted Rifles born? 
December 12, 1806
Wayne R. Mass is a former American football offensive tackle who played five seasons in the National Football League, he played college football at Clemson University, an American public, coeducational, land-grant and sea-grant research university in Clemson, in which state?
South Carolina
Which animated cartoon character in the Warner Brothers "Looney Tunes" series did the mouse go to for help because it distrusted Daffy?
Speedy Gonzales
What is the capital city of the district in which Rose Mensah-Kutin was born?
New Edubiase
What year was the National Hockey League team, in which Melville Vail played two seasons with, founded?
1926
Bear Lane is located just north of a constituent college of what university?
University of Oxford
What is the nickname of the player who scored goals along with Antonio Valencia and Demitar Berbatov for Manchester at the 2010 FA Community Shield?
Chicharito
What profession do both Phil Alden Robinson and David Nixon share?
film director
Sky Rocket was renovated into which roller coaster, that had the longest drop at the time?
Phantom's Revenge
Adam Arkapaw photographed the 2015 film that was directed by whom?
Niki Caro
Moonraker co-starred which voice artist and comedian?
Richard Dawson Kiel
what is the origin city and state of the singer in which Jorge Salan played lead guitarist for in an European tour?
Brooklyn, New York
Which album by British alternative rock band The Verve is this ostinato-based song from?
Urban Hymns
Sultans of Swing is a hit song by the British rock band Dire Straits, what is oe of the other hit singles?
Romeo and Juliet
In which State is the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute located?
Massachusetts
What actor portrayed "Pa" in the Little House on the Prairie tv series?
Michael Landon
Are Time and the Christian Science Sentinel both magazines?
yes
What other popular Cartoon Network shows is Lauren Faust responsible for creating?
"The Powerpuff Girls" and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends"
Which company did the businessman portrayed by Jonathan Hyde in the film "Titanic" chair?
White Star Line
The Missouri Tigers played at the 2008 Alamo Bowl led by which coach?
Gary Pinkel
Which brand name devised by Lexicon Branding turned out to be an 85 million dollar project?
Metreon
Which list did "Fires of Winter" reach?
"New York Times" bestseller
 Which musician has been in more bands in his life, Carl Barât or Jesse Michaels?
Carlos Ashley Raphael Barât
Radio Bam (or Bam Radio) was a Sirius Radio Station that aired on Mondays at 7pm, it had frequent guest appearances from  Bam's parents April Margera and which American reality television personality, best known for appearing on "Viva La Bam", the "CKY Videos" and the "Jackass" television series and movies, born on July 13, 1957?
Phillip "Phil" Margera
What was the person who had a sidekick who the hosted nationally televised talent competition?
Johnny Carson
Which person is older, Ivan Bella, or Frank De Winne? 
Frank, Viscount De Winne
What is the nickname of the leader of Christy Kinahan's rival gang?
The Monk
Stand By Me, famously starring River Phoenix, was a film adapted from a short story called The Body, by which famous author?
Stephen King
This medicine was marketed with a Spokestoon to minor aches, pains, inflammation, fever, headache, heartburn, stomachache, indigestion, acid reflux and hangovers, while neutralizing excess stomach acid.
Alka-Seltzer
Are Jens Kidman and Nate Ruess both lead vocalists?
yes
The Toyota TF102 was the car with which the Toyota team competed in the 2002 Formula One season, the team's inaugural Championship campaign, as with the TF101, it was piloted during the season by Mika Salo and who?
Allan McNish
What is the full name of the dog for whom the 1977 "All-Star Laff-a-Lympics" is named?
Scoobert "Scooby" Doo
What industry does the documentary The Romance of the Far Fur Country focus on, that is also the industry that Hudson's Bay Company operates in?
fur trading
This song was originally written by Queen and covered by Dwight Yoakam.
Crazy Little Thing Called Love
What member of the country-music stage concert in Nashville was born in Copeville, Texas?
Charlie Walker
What is the name of a 2010 comedy film about five friends reuniting for a holiday weekend that stared at least one previous cast member from "Saturday Night Live"?
"Grown Ups"
The 2009 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season, the team was coached by Arthur Ray Briles, is an American football coach and former player, is an American football coach and former player, Briles was formerly the head coach at Baylor University from 2008 through what year, from which he was fired in the wake of a major sexual assault scandal?
2015
Nelson López is a football player that played for Argentina for which title cup?
1966 FIFA World Cup
Where was the video game developer who developed TimeShift headquartered? 
Maplewood, New Jersey
What film was Adrian Martinez in that was directed by Glenn Ficarra?
Focus
Which alcoholic brand named after the man who rebuilt its business did Justin Timberlake sing about in 2015?
Jim Beam
Which vocalist was part of more bands, Spencer Chamberlain or Donnie Van Zant?
Spencer Chamberlain
When was the American rapper which was one those whose House Shoes produced their albums born? 
March 16, 1981
Ritwik Ghatak and Jehane Noujaim, are Bengali?
no
Which American film, The Country Bears or Bambi, is based on a book by the Austrian author Felix Salten?
Bambi
The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in Kenya, which Jamaican cricketer who plays internationally, made his ODI debut during the competition?
Marlon Nathaniel Samuels
Who is the Italian pornographic actress that was discovered by talent scout Riccardo Schicchi?
Moana Pozzi
What language is the magazine founded by Christy Haubegger published in?
English
The 2003 Auto Club 500 was won by the 2004 champion of what?
NASCAR Nextel Cup Series
What choreographer for the Indian version of BBC's "Strictly Come Dancing" is currently judging Maharashtracha Dancing Superstar - Chhotte Masters?
Savio Barnes
The fast food sandwich chain Subway Israel is an international franchise of this American fast food restaurant franchise that has stores in how many countries?
100 countries
Who created the character, of whom, Captain Strong is a parody ?
Elzie Crisler Segar.
Before Dennis Wayne joined Dennis Wayne's Dancers, what city was his ballet company based in?
New York City
What French formula racing driver that was 2014 Formula Renault 3.5 Series runner-up drove the Toro Rosso STR12 in 2017, a Formula One racing car designed and constructed by Scuderia Toro Rosso?
Pierre Gasly
The Stanbic Bank Twenty20 formerly known as the Metropolitan Bank Twenty20 is the domestic Twenty20 cricket competition in Zimbabwe, recently, the tournament has risen in profile with some high-quality cricket, and the attraction of major international stars such as which former Australian cricketer, who recently retired from all three formats of the game, and played in the Big Bash League for the Hobart Hurricanes? 
Shaun Tait
 Taizô Kawashima was nominated for an Academy Award for the war film released in what year?
1970
Is This the Life We Really Want?, is the fifth studio album by English rock musician and former Pink Floyd bassist and vocalist Roger Waters, it was his first studio album in 12 years since Ça Ira, is the fourth studio album by Waters, it is an opera in how many acts?
three
Which player from the University of Texas 1994 Sun Bowl team was later signed to the Baltimore Ravens?
Priest Holmes
Did Bedtime Stories and Big Red both star Walter Pidgeon?
no
The author of the 2004 book How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) was born in what year?
1961
 Which American Heavy metal band worked with producer Terry Date and released four albums during the 1980's?
Pantera released four albums during the 1980s.
Which magazine published papers more often; The Wittenburg Door or Sports Collectors Digest?
Sports Collectors Digest
What song does the actor who plays Uncle Remis sing in Song of the South?
Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah
Who portrays James Gordon in the Gotham episode, Rise of the Villains: Knock, Knock?
Ben McKenzie
The actress that played Shannon Reed on the soap opera "Home and Away" also appeared in a 2008 romantic comedy directed by Adam Brooks that is set in what city?
New York City
Loop and Ian Brown were both popular in the 1980's for what?
English rock band
Who is the older brother sportscaster of a man who is an in-studio analyst alongside Seth Davis?
Bryant Gumbel
Terry Beeson, is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League, he held the Seahawks record for most tackles in a season with 153 until which American football linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks, broke it in 2016?
Bobby Joseph Wagner
Julius Jackson is the son of the boxer from which territory?
U.S. Virgin Islands
Did Russian mathematician Yuri Manin or Efim Zelmanov win the Fields Medal of International Congress of Mathematicians in 1994?
Efim Isaakovich Zelmanov
Which 2004 American comedy fantasy film stars both Jennifer Garner and the star of "The Kids Are Alright"?
13 Going on 30
The special operations force of the Irish Defence Forces had access to what according tothe modern weapons of the Irish Arm? 
a wide variety of specialist weapons
Which social media site did Lily Allen use to gain publicity and BBC airplay for her songs prior to the release of her debut album, "Alright, Still"?
Myspace
Morgan State University and University of Idaho are what types of universities?
public
Where was the work Gustave-Hippolyte Roger was a leading tenor in in 1846 first performed?
the Opéra-Comique in Paris
When was the company that Hutchinson Travel is a member of formed?
March 2015
Have both Gordon Wiles and Scott Hicks been nominated for Academy Awards?
yes
James John Liautaud, is the founder, chairman, and majority owner of Jimmy John’s, founded in which year?
1983
Where is the birthplace of the Belgian former football goalkeeper of whom Anne Noe had to wear their old shirts?
Lebbeke
Which 100 list compilation is this company where Gary Loveman served as executive vice president a member of?
Fortune 100
When was the French singer-songwriter, musician, actress and model born who's live album is Divinidylle Tour?
22 December 1972
Lee Hwan-kyung debuted with a movie written by who?
Guiyeoni
Which President that served as a Senator from California,  did Beatrice Willard serve as an advisor?
Richard Milhous Nixon
What country of origin does Mark Stephens and James Hewitt  have in common?
English
Michael Dobson voiced which character, an adversary of the X-Men, originally depicted as obese?
The Blob
Who is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for a Swiss football team from the Bernese Oberland town of Thun ?
Nicola Sutter
Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons" who appeared as the main character in an episode that aired when?
March 24, 1996
The films Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein are based on the novel by which author?
Mary Shelley
The John Wall Dance is a dance performed by flexing the arms and twisting the wrist, John Wall, an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards, of the National Basketball Association (NBA), first performed the eponymous dance during his introduction at Big Blue Madness in October 2009, at which location?
University of Kentucky
Rhoda Williams had a voice as Drizella Tremaine in the animated film released in what year?
1950
Zaoyang and Kuytun, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
What sports complex was the 2014 MLS Cup match in California?
StubHub Center
What kind of rock do cambarus cryptodytes live near?
Paleogene carbonate rock
Which building is taller, Marine Midland Building or 4 World Trade Center?
4 World Trade Center
For what team was a player acquired before the 1999–2000 Toronto Raptors season the all-time leader in points?
Charlotte Hornets
How tall is the player that is featured on the cover of the German version of the video game "NBA 2K16"?
6 ft
Who has been nominated for less Academy Awards, Todd Field or Mika Kaurismäki?
Mika Juhani Kaurismäki
What is the difference between Stachyurus and Cucumis?
Stachyuraceae contains a single genus with eight species.
What is the name of the group that Ghaur's race is in a war with?
the Deviants
What Small native cat to North and South America did Carl B. Koford make studies on in the 50's and 70's?
Jaguarundi
The Champaign Aviation Museum is an aviation museum in Urbana, Ohio, in which country, the museum and its volunteers are restoring a B-17 Flying Fortress back to flying status, a our-engine heavy bomber developed in the 1930s for the United States Army Air Corps (USAAC)?
United States
How many matches have been played by the U.S. mens national soccer team in the stadium that hosted the 2011 Military Bowl? 
22
Who published the prequel to Sphereland?
Seeley & Co.
Customer Loyalty is an episode of The Office that guest stars which Greek-Canadian comedian?
Christopher "Chris" Diamantopoulos
Celeste and Jesse Forever, released in which year, is an American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lee Toland Krieger, its stars include Andy Samberg, an American actor, filmmaker, musician and comedian?
2012
Tom Manning is a character from the universe created by what writer-artist?
Mike Mignola
Who financed the  3D computer-animated fantasy which was one of Chris Bacon film scores?
Disney
Parmanand Deepchand Hinduja founded a company headquartered in what city?
London
What is the birth date of this English scientist, whose laboratory burner design was later perfected by Peter Desaga into the Bunsen burner?
22 September 1791
For what purpose the Hamiltonstövare dog and the Istrian Coarse-haired Hound are bred?
hunting
Which mountain in Maine has the third largest ski resort in the state?
Saddleback Mountain
Who is known for their prolific work in the horror film genre, Valie Export or Gary Sherman?
Gary Sherman
Poinciana Station is the southern terminus of what Greater Orlando rail service?
SunRail
The Bourne Identity is a 2002 action spy thriller film based on Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name, and the first in which series of action spy thriller films based on the character Jason Bourne (Matt Damon), a CIA assassin suffering from extreme memory loss who must figure out who he is, created by author Robert Ludlum?
"Jason Bourne" film series
Who inspired the name of the Danish company founded in 1991 after the merger of a number of Scandinavian travel agents, he also was a worker at the Fore River Shipyard?
James J. Kilroy
Leo Varadkar beat what Irish Fine Gael politician on June 2, 2017, 60% to 40%? 
Simon Coveney
This film released on 15 August 2003 was worked on by an actor and film producer of what nationality?
English
Power Balladz, is a live comedy performance featuring a mixture of comedy, trivia, and iconic rock n' roll songs from the 70s, 80s & 90s, the comedy's musical blend includes songs by Heart, a rock band that first found success in Canada and later in the United States and worldwide, are of which nationality ?
American
What 2010 American comedy-drama film stars an American actor born July 26, 1959?
Father of Invention
What 1983 film did the director of Baby Geniuses write the script for?
A Christmas Story
Jon Cardella formerly owned the company that was sold to which internet retailer?
Overstock.com
What nationality was the actress who co-starred with Peter Breck in "Hootenanny Hoot"?
Canadian
How many gold medals did the Philippines win during the 2007 Special Olympics World Summer Games?
nine
Which mountain is found in Pakistan, either Trivor or Muztagh Ata?
Trivor
Brackenhill Tower is a peel tower, in the parish of Arthuret, Arthuret is a civil parish in the Carlisle district of Cumbria, in which country?
England
The Franco-Italian army led by Eugène de Beauharnais was defreated by an Austrian army commanded by a member of what house?
House of Habsburg-Lorraine
Which of the short films contained in "How to Train Your Dragon" franchise is a 2010 animated short film by DreamWorks Animation?
Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon
In which city is the Lowry hotel, which opened featuring a restaurant run by celebrity chef Marco Pierre White?
Salford
Kalitta Charters is what to Kalitta Air ?
sister company
Ohe the two classic Walt Disney films, Amy and The Jungle Book, which was written by Noreen Stone
Amy
El Paso International Airport and Tucson International Airport, are airports with which shared classification?
public
What state is the college that Everson Walls played at located in?
Louisiana
What character did Sarah Chalke play on the most watched television show in the United States from 1989 to 1990?
the second Rebecca "Becky" Conner
Are both Veridia and Digital Summer rock bands ?
yes
What was the population at the 201 census of the census-designated place located 2 mi. above the confluence of the Marias River with the Missouri?
85
What Spitsbergen based seed bank serves to protects agricultural diversity in the far north, 1300 km from the North Pole?
Svalbard Global Seed Vault
Where does the motorsport usually presented which is hosted by Union County Speedway?
county fairs and festivals
Who is the manufacturer of the skin care medicine in UK in which niacinamide vitamin is an active ingredient which is found in food? 
Diomed Developments Limited
Buck-Tick and Kitchens of Distinction, are both what type of musical bands?
rock
Who played bass for the debut album of the band that dissolved in 2011, and had a lead singer what born in 1960
Mike Mills
What is this shopping centre in Nottingham, England located near the Royal Centre tram stop?
Victoria Centre
When was one of the hosts born who hosts Newsday from Washington?
born 14 November 1964
The High Mountain Institute (HMI) is a non-profit educational organization located in Leadville, the statutory city that is the county seat, and only incorporated municipality, in Lake County, Colorado, in which country?
United States
What is a major airline operating flights from Kuala Lumpur International Airport and from secondary hubs in Kota Kinabalu and Kuching to destinations throughout Asia, Oceania and Europe, whos executive officer is a veteran in the tourism and aviation industry with over 30 years of experience in related fields ?
Malaysia Airlines Berhad
Raghu Ram and MTV Splitsvilla, are aired in which country?
India
What genre of music links the bands Catherine and X? 
rock
What song by an American hard rock band is referenced in the song "On the Radio" by Regina Spektor?
The chorus contains references to the song "November Rain" by Guns N' Roses.
Thurn and Taxis and Cluedo, are which form of entertainment?
game
Where was Paul Cook's band formed?
London
The Cross Coounty Community School's mascot is the second-heaviest cat after which animal?
jaguar
Which university in the City of Lincoln, England did midfielder Sam Clucas attend?
Lincoln College
What industry did both Byambasuren Davaa and Sylvester Stallone work in?
film
Who co-presented a discussion television programme on Sunday, which replaced the 'Heaven and Earth Show', with a Welsh former sprint and hurdling athlete?
Louise Minchin
The master photographer who starred in Camp is generally acclaimed as what?
a founding father of American performance art
What English historian author, born May 15th, 1967 presented "The Spartans"?
Bettany Hughes
Who wrote the 2014 RITA Award winning novel No Good Duke Goes Unpunished?
Sarah MacLean
Which Fall Out Boy album was released on February 6, 2007 but leaked on the Internet the month before?
Infinity on High
Mentiras, el musical, is a 2009 Mexican stage musical that uses previously released popular songs as its what? 
musical score
National Motor Museum Monorail was originally part of a holiday camp founded by who?
Billy Butlin
The Global Food Security Act of 2016, is a law introduced on March 24, 2015 in the 114th Congress by which Senator of Pennsylvania, who is an American attorney and politician, currently the senior United States Senator from Pennsylvania?
Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey Jr.
What cartel did Barry Seal work for in the movie "American Made?"
Medellín Cartel
What year was the crime novel written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle written, featuring Sherlock Holmes?
1901-2
Which band is from the US, Pylon or Rivermaya?
Rivermaya
Svetha Rao, professionally known as Raja Kumari, is an Indian American songwriter, rapper and recording artist from Claremont, California, Kumari is best known for her collaboration with notable artists including Gwen Stefani, she is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of which band?
No Doubt
The Greatest Event in Television History is a mockumentary television series created by an American actor best known for his roll in what NBC sitcom?
Parks and Recreation
Who has won more awards Ellis Ferreira or Boris Becker
Boris Franz Becker
Who was born later: Andre Dubus III, or Andrew Vachss?
Andre Dubus III
Which artist recorded a song with Diddy that was in the number one position of the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 Singles of 2010?
Kesha
Radhika Sanghani is a writer and journalist for which publication founded by Arthur B. Sleigh in 1855?
The Daily Telegraph
The star of "Jane the Virgin" is also known for her role as what character on "Deepwater Horizon"?
Andrea Fleytas
What film starring Natalie Portman appeared at the 67th Venice International Film Festival?
Black Swan
Who is best known as the singer/guitarist for the punk rock band Rancid and hip hop/punk rock supergroup the Transplants, Jacoby Shaddix or Tim Armstrong ?
Timothy Ross “Tim” Armstrong
What is the name of the actor who appeared in a move about a murder in Philadelphia that later inspired a Bollywood film?
Harrison Ford
Which is a music video director, Jake Kasdan or Peter Szewczyk?
Peter Szewczyk
Three Nationwide Plaza is a 408 ft(124m) postmodern highrise building located at the address 3 Nationwide Plaza in Downtown Columbus, Nationwide Plaza is the headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, and affiliated companies, are a group of large U.S. insurance and financial services companies based in Columbus in which US state (acronym)?
OH
Which  American vocal group is Emperors of Soul  a 1994 box set compilation for
The Temptations
Which novenario are part of The Guadalupe-Reyes Marathon?
Las Posadas
Which gold mine was opened first Ptarmigan and Tom Mine or Lupin Mine?
Ptarmigan and Tom Mine
When was Stephen Rea, the actor who portrayed a detective in the film V for Vendetta born? 
31 October 1946
Are Candice Night and Ben Gibbard both Americans ?
yes
Which British commputer scientist developed an algorithm for sorting strings in 1959/1960?
Tony Hoare
Five Points Mall  is an enclosed shopping mall in Marion, Indiana that features Carson's and Roses Discount Store, a regional discount store in the United States with its headquarters in what state?
North Carolina
Which American retailing company supplied Festival's private label brands
SuperValu, Inc.
Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. (JAL), is the flag carrier airline of Japan and the second largest in the country behind All Nippon Airways, JAL group companies include which regional commuter airline with its headquarters in the Terminal Building in Nagoya Airfield and in Toyoyama, Nishikasugai District, Aichi, Japan and its main hub at Nagoya Airfield?
J-Air Co., Ltd.
What striker had his best 19 goal season in 2007-8?
Roque Santa Cruz
Which film directed by Brian Percival is based on a book by Markus Zusak?
The Book Thief
What is the other name for this athletics track event in which Papa M'Baye N'Diaye competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics?
long relay
How many troops does the mission that Train Advise Assist Command - South is a part of advise and assist?
13,000
Roberto Gil Zuarth served as private secretary to which Mexican president who is a member of the PAN party?
Felipe Calderón
Fianna Eireann is an Irish nationalist youth organization that was founded by Bulmer Hobson and an Irish revolutionary nationalist, suffragette, and socialist, that was the first woman elected to what?
British House of Commons
Twelve-year-old Will is left to live with his aunt and uncle at the end of war that began in what year?
1861
What year was the man who wrote the music score for A Long Day's Journey into Night born?
1929
Cathode rays were first named by which German physicist?
Eugen Goldstein
Scary Movie 5 was released under what independent film distribution label?
Dimension Films
Who was first to win a Grand Slam doubles championship, Heather Watson or Édouard Roger-Vasselin?
Édouard Roger-Vasselin
Did Turkish poet Tevfik Fikret spend time living at both Istanbul University and Aşiyan Museum?
no
On what day was the comedian who hosted the 25th TCA Awards born?
born February 25, 1975
Karidja Touré starred in the film that was directed by whom?
Céline Sciamma
Charles Robinson, Jr. was the eight mayor of a town laid out in 1629 by what engineer?
Thomas Graves
Who starred in the film in which Hugh Keays-Byrne played "Toecutter"?
Mel Gibson
Who was born first, Frank Capra or Ken Mora?
Frank Russell Capra
What is the capital city of the country, bordred by the Atlantic ocean and Zambia, and where the Phyllogomphus selysi species of dragonfly can be found?
Luanda
What league did the shortest player ever to play in the NBA play for a team in Rhode Island from?
United States Basketball League
Which artist typical of Afro-Surrealism was born October 7, 1963?
Kool Keith
What league ranks higher than the one that Lewis Wing plays in?
Premier League
What nationality were the Tag team wrestlers the Haas Brothers?
American
Are Cardillac and La donna del lago both operas?
yes
What famous movie series did the star of BBC's One Child play a supporting role in?
Harry Potter
What fort other than Fort James, was built in Accra, Ghana?
Ussher Fort
Marvin Cohen has had his play "The Don Juan and the Non-Don Juan" read by which voice actor who played Vizzini in "The Princess Bride"?
Wallace Michael Shawn
 Portland Winterhawks alumni list includes a Danish professional ice hockey right winger born 15 March 1986 currently playing for what NHL Team?
San Jose Sharks
De Wilp is a northeastern village in the Netherlands on the border of Groningen and which other province?
Friesland
Cindy Williams is an award-winning news anchor for a tv station whose trasmitter is located on what mountain?
Winn Mountain
Jack Stewart-Clark is the owner of what 15th-century castle?
Dundas Castle
At which University does the father of the lead singer of The Joggers work ?
Harvard
Who did Kelly Mitchell support during the May 3, 2016 Indiana primaries?
Donald Trump
Shirley Manson and Mark Slaughter, have which mutual occupation?
singer
What is the name of the company that John Sinklo may have performed with that inherited the work that is thought to be Shakespeare's first tragedy?
Sussex's Men
The American web televison series, which is set in the MCU, stars an actress who is also known as "what" for having rolls in horror films such as "Prom Night" and "Vampire Bats"?
scream queen
During the war Harry Smith worked at what pharmacy chain located in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Norway, Thailand and other territories?
Boots UK
What has more locations, Fellini's Pizza or Pie Five Pizza Co.
Pie Five Pizza Co.
How many career winds does Jaime Aube have at the Oxford Plains Speedway
one career win
What American retailer-owned cooperative sponsors the International Race of Champions?
True Value
Buddha Mountain is a 2010 drama film, starring witch Taiwanese actor, born 27 August 1983?
Chen Bolin
Patrick McEnroe and Billie Jean King shared being known for playing what sport?
tennis
Which is one of the oldest bridges in the United States located in the Fulton Ferry district in Brooklyn?
Brooklyn Bridge
What Malcolm Forbes list did Thomas S. Ricketts wealth appear on?
The "Forbes" 400
How many gatherings take place every Sunday at the church that Pascoe St Leger Grenfell donated an acre of land for?
four
Mindon Row is a street in which Hong Kong District?
Yau Tsim Mong District.
Are Steve Dildarian and Mia Tyler both former advertising copywriters?
no
Which artist recorded more tracks, Mark Rankin or Steve Lukather?
Steven Lee Lukather
Which wildlife sanctuary is located in the town in which the Hollis/Brookline High School services?
Talbot-Taylor Wildlife Sanctuary
John Jett won s Super Bowl ring in Super Bowl XXX and another Super Bowl game played in what arena?
Georgia Dome
What American actor starred in Home Again and Saturday Night Live?
Jon Rudnitsky
Svetlana Zakharova is a Russian long-distance runner, which international marathon in Honolulu, Hawaii, she won three times?
Honolulu Marathon
Murder in a Blue World starred which American businessman?
Christopher "Chris" Mitchum
Andrew Jarman is the older brother of a former Australian rules footballer who amassed how many games of senior football at AFL, SANFL, and representative level?
386
Esme Melville, was an Australian theatre, television and film actress, she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her role of Miss Collard in "Romulus, My Father", an Australian drama film, directed by Richard Roxburgh, released in what year?
2007
Which song written by Dallas Frazier is featured on the fifth country studio album by the Oak Ridge Boys?
Elvira
Mexican Claudia Rivas represents her country in competitions including the Pan-American Games. What kind of athlete is she?
triathlete
Which team one the oldest association football competition in the world in 2017?
Arsenal
Fir and Imperata, are a type of tree?
no
Greatest Hits Volume 1 is a greatest hits compilation album by The Beatles which was exclusive to Australia and New Zealand, the album was compiled by EMI Australia to fill in the gap, much like which compilation album (subtitled But Goldies!), by the English rock band the Beatles?
A Collection of Beatles Oldies
Between Charles M. Schulz–Sonoma County Airport and Lake Hood Seaplane Base, which airport is of a larger scale?
Lake Hood Seaplane Base
What was Clyde Julian Foley's sixth recorded hit?
"Birmingham Bounce"
Who scripted the film adaptation of a movie based off a novel written in 1979 by Edwin Torres?
David Koepp
Which author whose work has been adapted into 112 films also was a co-author for Open Range.
Zane Grey
Are Danyang, Jiangsu and Dongfang, Hainan both cities in China?
yes
Where did Richard Lindzen work when he proposed the Iris hypothesis?
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
The Crusades is a 1935 historical adventure film starring an American actress who won an Academy Award in 1948 for her role in what film?
The Farmer's Daughter
Are both Promenaea and Machaeranthera from North America?
no
What singer is the backstreet boy that worked on the show "boy band" the older brother of? 
Aaron Carter
Meic Stevens is a Welsh singer-songwriter, discovered by which DJ ?
Jimmy Savile
Jaume Balagueró i Bernat, is a Spanish film director widely known for his horror films, most notably REC, a Spanish zombie horror film, co-written and directed by Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza, released in what year?
2007
Which American singer, songwriter and record producer born in 1977 sang at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards?
Robin Thicke
What tetralogy was written by Philip Reeve that is a sequel of a series about a woman named Fever Crumb?
Mortal Engines Quartet
Destination Wedding is an upcoming film starring Keanu Reeves, a Canadian actor, director, producer, and musician, and who?
Winona Ryder
what does Russian Spaniel and Broholmer have in common?
dog
Are all members of the Epacris and Bulbophyllum genera flowering plants?
yes
What is the name of the college that is named partially after the sovereign Prince of Orange?
College of William & Mary
 Mapplethorpe is an upcoming film starring  an English actor best known for his role in what science fiction series?
Doctor Who
When did Dale Dye work on the miniseries for HBO called The Pacific?
a 2010 American television series produced by HBO
Where is Ruthe Blalock Jones tribe based?
based in Bartlesville, Oklahoma,
Who was born first, Kenneth Webb or Victor Fleming?
Victor Lonzo Fleming
What player who played college basketball for the University of Arizona plays for the team which plays its home games in the Smoothie King Center?
Solomon Jamar Hill
For what role is the female star of Ricochet best known?
Jaime Sommers
The Shadow stars the Russian actor who became famous as the lead role in what TV series?
National Security Agent
Saiful Azam was with what warfare branch of the Pakistan Armed Forces?
Pakistan Air Force
an American actor, producer, and fashion model whom is best known for his work in a 2000 American comedy film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Scot Armstrong and Phillips, what Syfy horror series is he currently co-starring in?
"Z Nation"
Whose was the spouse of the the father of the Egyptian chancellor to the pharoah Djoser?
Sekhmet
What 2009 BAFTA-winning television film shares a co-star with a British television drama series written by screenwriter Nicole Taylor?
The Unloved
Mel Duncan holds a degree from what private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, US?
Macalester College
What American death metal band from Tampa, Florida has Eyes of the Dead opened for?
Six Feet Under
When was the private Ivy League research university in Hanover established in which  Russell P. Hughes is a  Research Professor in the Department of Chemistry?
1769
What is the location of this recently retired domed stadium in the southeastern United States, which was developed by the same authority that developed the Georgia World Congress Center?
Atlanta, Georgia
What year was the series to which the episode "Slicked-up Pup" belongs created?
1940
At which University, is the scientist, who along with Jeff Forshaw, wrote the book The Quantum Universe: Everything That Can Happen Does Happen, a professor ?
University of Manchester.
Are Francoa and Echium both plants?
yes
On which date the former baseball player from Detroit Tigers who worked with Dick Bremer born?
May 16, 1955
13 was the first studio album for Black Sabbath with Ozzy Osbourne since an album which was their eighth studio album, which was released when?
September 1978
The Billion Dollar Hobo is a 1977 American comedy film starring Will Geer and an actor that is the voice of what "SpongeBob SquarePants" character? 
Barnacle Boy
In what year was the University who operates KVSC 88.1 FM founded?
1869
Akira Yoshizawa was given the Order of the Rising Sun, 5th class, award by Hirohito during what era in Japanese history?
Shōwa
Edwin Gagiano won Best Actor Award as Alf Bueller in a show written by who?
Neil Gooding
Robert John Bardo was convicted for the murder of which American model and actress?
Rebecca Lucile Schaeffer
Vilayat Khan helped introduce Indian Classical Music to the West, along with what other musician who was a student of Baba Allauddin Khan?
Nikhil Banerjee
The TV campaign for the brand No7 uses a tune by a singer born in what city?
London
Who is the father of AFL medium-sized forward Tory Dickson?
Glenn Dickson
In what city was the person that discovered British singer-songwriter Kavana based?
Manchester
Where was the musician who Jake Davis first gained recognition by covering from?
County Wicklow
What soldier born in September 1849 was part of the military campaign started by the US Army in 1874 to remove natives?
Zachariah T. Woodall
Which city in Upper Austria did 2017 European Under-23 Baseball Championship hold
Wels
Which editor created by Allan Odgaard does the standlaone code editor, Ace, is aimed at improving upon?
TextMate
Which year did Alvin Cheng organize the rally with his schoolmates in support of the hong kong umbrella movement?
2014
Which battle to which Æthelwulf of Berkshire lost his life was a battle on 4 January 871 at Reading in what is now the English county of Berkshire?
Battle of Reading
Who held notable victories against the Lebanese-born Syrian-German professional boxer?
Johann Duhaupas
Where is  unincorporated area and census-designated place which , Takoma Langley Crossroads Transit Center is in located 
Prince George's County, Maryland
When was the American retired professional basketball player born who was re-signed to Warriors during the offseason of  2000–01 NBA?
July 30, 1963
What is the name of this pre-school brand owned and distributed by Turner, on which Can Sandion broadcast the show "Hi-5"?
Cartoonito
How many albums has the singer and songwriter who wrote Lolita and performs under the stage name LP released?
three
What CD music retailer operates in the most densely populated borough of New York City?
Other Music
Émile Driant was the first high-ranking casualty in the largest  and longest battle of the First World War on the Western Front between the German and French armies, fought when?
from 21 February to 18 December 1916
Vittorio "Little Vic" Amuso, is a New York mobster and boss of the Lucchese crime family, he is currently serving a life sentence at which medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Maryland?
Federal Correctional Institution, Cumberland
Who is older, Colin Hay or David Draiman?
Colin James Hay
Eddie Cahill is best known for portraying a retired American ice hockey goaltender who was part of the 1980 U.S. hockey team that won the gold medal at the Olympic games that were held where?
Lake Placid
what was the profession of both Tom Verlaine and  Marti Pellow
singer
What type of aircraft can be used in congested or isolated areas and is used at Langley Regional Airport?
Helicopter
The city where Benton County State Bank Building is in had a population of what as of the 2010 United States Census?
54,462
What soap opera created by Alan Bateman stars George Mason?
Home and Away
What state did the actress, who played Cindy Campbell in a 2001 horror film, grow up in?
Washington
What was the nationality of the man with whom Hans Loewald studied philosophy? 
German
What year did the man, who was impersonated by Roger Kitter in the Lego advertisement, die of a heart attack?
1984
What do Hedley Mascot Mine and Ruth Mine have in common?
gold mine
What is a genus of more species, Cestrum or Bauhinia?
Bauhinia
Who did the host of Nickelodeon's 1st Annual Kids' Choice Sports Awards play in the NFL for?
the New York Giants
Who did the choreography for The New Irving Berlin Musical?
Danny Dare
What irish comedy duo has the number two Irish Christmas single in 2010?
The Rubberbandits
Which English-language Spanish supernatural drama horror film did Andrés Muschietti directed 
Mama
Where is the state park that provices access toa single 93 mi river that flows northwestward through the southern Appalachian Mountains>
Tennessee, United States
What is an alias of the parent route of U.S. Route 366?
Will Rogers Highway
What weather radio station serves ta US state  that had a population of 110,925 at the 2010 census?
WXK85
What type of physical activity does Red, White & Crüe and Mike Tyson have in common?
fight
Of the two artists, Yannis Philippakis and Dorothee Pesch, whose country of origin is geographically closer to Austria?
Dorothee Pesch
Under the Cherry Moon stars the English Actress who won a 1979 BAFTA for what serial?
Lillie
Which Movie with Michael Sinelnikoff was directed by Bill Paxton ?
The Greatest Game Ever Played
Which son of a key member of the original New York City circle of the Beat Generation was born on August 2, 1955?
Caleb Carr
CityJet destinations has a wet-lease with a carrier with HQ located where?
Charles de Gaulle Airport, north of Paris
Who now owns the resort that reflects Mandalay Resort Group's former name?
MGM Resorts International
What does the sister magazine to Soap Opera Weekly cover in its magazine?
certain prime time soap operas
The designers of the Horten H.XVIII also designed the world's first jet-powered flying wing known by what name?
Horten Ho 229
What was this major international multi-sport event, with the opening ceremonies taking place on 27 July, and in which the South African field hockey player Bernadette Coston competed for the outh Africa women's national field hockey team?
2012 Summer Olympics
What two dimensions are mentioned when looking into the theory of the American social psychologist, author, and lecturer born in 1972?
warmth and competence
Which English actress starred in both the televisions shows Trinity and Outnumbered?
Claire Skinner
The musician that plays the sax solo on the Great White song "Gone with the Wind" is a member of a band inducted in to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in what year?
2014
Who has more scope of profession, Géza von Cziffra or Henry Selick?
Henry Selick
Dead-cakes are often eaten at a gathering held before what event?
funeral
In 2016 how many students were enrolled in the University where, Oscar Jacobson was director of the art department  ? 
31,250
What island has parts leased to Macau and a bridge to Macau?
Hengqin
Did the magazine Chatelaine or the magazine W start publishing earlier?
Chatelaine
Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor co-wrote a film with music by who?
Rolfe R. Kent
 What man-portable, counter-radio-controlled improvised explosive device (IED) jammer was built by a corporation headquartered in Sparks, Nevada?
The THOR III
When was the nephew of George Alexander born?
11 December 1956
Where is the family the writer of The Beastly Bombing  made a documentary about from?
Boone County, West Virginia
Pey Azhwar is one of twelve azhwar saints of what Indian religion?
Hinduism
What year did Ritesh Sidhwani make his first film under the banner of Excel Entertainment?
2001
Were Elem Klimov ad Michael Haneke both film directors?
yes
The song "Your Mother Should Know" is based on a line from a film released in what year?
1961
Pennsylvania Route 380 ends near what multi-purpose indoor arena?
PPG Paints Arena
Le'Bryan Nash (born June 30, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Rio Grande Valley Vipers, a basketball team in the NBA G League, they play their home games at the State Farm Arena, in Hidalgo in which state?
Texas
What city does Lilli Cooper and Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School have in common?
New York City
What tragedy by William Shakespeare involves a norwegian crown prince and a character named "Horatio"?
Hamlet
Which actress who starred in "Violet and Daisy" also won a Primetime Emmy Award for her work on the Hulu drama series "The Handmaid's Tale"?
Kimberly Alexis Bledel
What professional football club Ronnie Simpson was involved in was founded in 1887?
The Celtic Football Club
 Frankie & Alice is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Geoffrey Sax starring Halle Berry, who won what award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama "Monster's Ball" ?
2002 Academy Award
In addition to her role in ATL, what role did Lauren London play in the BET Comedy-drama "The Game"?
Kiera Whitaker
What is the name of this American television personality and musician, who is the best friend of Rob Dyrdek with whom he starred in a reality television series?
Christopher "Big Black" Boykin
Who is the husband of the actress that plays Carol Stills in the "Sex Ed" episode of "The Office"?
Steve Carell
Jerry Schumacher coached the American long distance runner who won what medal at the 2008 Olympics?
bronze
Which American lobbyist, lawyer and politician was once defeated by Bel Edwards?
David Vitter
In regards to Mervyn Peake and Robert Erskine Childers, whose works included the influential novel "The Riddle of the Sands."
Robert Erskine Childers
Which plant was named after a Greek Physician Dioscorea or Briza?
Dioscorea
Richard Philip Godwin was Project Director for a nuclear-powered merchant ship that cost how much to build?
$46.9 million
What is the nationality of the writer and director of the film The Tree of Life?
American
Which film is an American science-fiction fantasy movie, Home on the Range or A Wrinkle in Time?
A Wrinkle in Time
What is the birth date of the actor who portrays the highly skilled killer relying on his brute strength and improvising any situation to quickly dispatch his victims?
September 13, 1939
What was the nickname given to the player at the University of Notre Dame where he played wide receiver on the school's 1988 national champion team, by  A six-time honoree of the National Sports Media Association's "National Sportscaster of the Year" award?
Ricky "Running" Watters
David Pastrňák was selected by the Bruins in a draft held in what city and state?
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
What was the artist behind Historia de un Ídolo, Vol. 1, a compilation album released in 2002,Vicente Fernández's nickname?
El Rey de la Música Ranchera"
What club headquarters is located in the city of Lyon, that had a French former footballer who played as a winger or an attacking midfielder pass through the youth training center?
Olympique Lyonnais
The Lisunov Li-2, originally designated PS-84, was a license-built version of the Douglas DC-3, a fixed-wing propeller-driven airliner, its lasting effect on the airline industry, and which event makes it one of the most significant transport aircraft ever made?
World War II
Was Duluth Ship Canal or Cross Florida Barge Canal cancelled for environmental reasons?
Cross Florida Barge Canal
The actor who has starred in "Stepmom" and "The Right Stuff" is currently in which HBO sci-fi drama series?
Westworld
What is the 2016  population of the city where The Old Bar was sited? 
10,445
Donald Paul Kirkwood is a retired professional baseball player, who played five seasons, he attended which public university, located in the cities of Auburn Hills, and Rochester Hills, Michigan?
Oakland University
Which important religious, art, and architecture city in India had Pacchimiriam Adiyappa as a court musician in the 18th century?
Thanjavur
The Kinniya Divisional Secratariat is a secratariat of a country located southeast of what other country?
Republic of India
Where is the Head Office of the starter of the No issue, lelo tissue ad campaign?
Islamabad
Name another movie the actor who played Bullock in the fifth episode of the television series "Gotham" starred in ?
The Tao of Steve
 Montrose Regional Airport a public airport as opposed to Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport which is what?
joint civil-military international airport
What is the name of the grandma who is featured in the 2016 film starring Cha Hak-yeon?
Moon Hyung-joo
Who were the creators of the long-running British soap opera in which Alison Pargeter plays the role of Sarah Cairns?
Julia Smith and Tony Holland
GoldenEye: Rogue Agent is a game published by a video game company founded by who?
Trip Hawkins
Which destroyer was named after a United States Navy officer Navy Cross recipient?
USS "Hoel"
Are Thunbergia and Teucrium part of the same family?
no
Where was the band formed that recorded the song "While You Loved Me"?
Columbus, Ohio
Along with the New York Islanders and the New York Rangers, which other NHL franchise is popular in the New York metropolitan area?
New Jersey Devils
What beverage do both Cervecería Nacional Dominicana and Ambev produce?
beer
The Indianapolis 500 was designated a Grand Épreuve along with one of the oldest motor races in what?
the world
Between the two American bands The Gaslight Anthem and Squirrel Nut Zippers, which band was formed earlier?
Squirrel Nut Zippers
In what city is the high school which was attended by the football player drafted by the New England Patriots seventh overall in the 1996 NFL Draft located?
Columbus, Ohio
 The Railway Hotel was used in a film about what Cambodian regime?
Khmer Rouge
Patty Hill is perhaps best known for co-writing, with her sister Mildred Hill a song that was translated into how many languages ?
18 languages
What is the date of birth for the author of the poem The Story of Sigurd the Volsung?
24 March 1834
Who was the DJ of the compilation album partially produced by an English cricketer born in Christchurch, New Zealand?
Jack Dangers
In what year was the writer of the opera "Mazeppa" born?
1840
Natalie Westling is most notable for dying her hair red for the Marc Jacobs campaign with a singer that played what character on the series "Hanna Montana"?
Miley Stewart
Who was one of the lead singers of the boy band Westlife from 1998 to 2012, Markus Feehily or  Yeo Hoon-min?
Markus Michael Patrick Feehily
What Florida city is the duo behind "The Anthem of the Outcast" from?
Orlando
The character played by Michael Gambon in the "Harry Potter" series was the founder of what organization?
Order of the Phoenix
What year was the prison holding one of the two arrestees in the 18 September 2014 counter-terrorism raid opened?
2001
One Love is the fourth studio album by French DJ David Guetta, first released in the United Kingdom on 24 August 2009 through Virgin Records, it spawned a total of six worldwide hit singles throughout 2009 and 2010, including which song by French DJ David Guetta from the reissue of his fourth studio album, the song featured which Barbadian recording artist ?
Rihanna
Who painted the first portrait of the man known as Bonnie Prince Charlie?
Giles Hussey
What do Georgy Adelson-Velsky and Leonid Levin have in common?
computer scientist
Butautas attempted to depose the uncle who ruled the Lithuanians during what period?
1345 to 1377
Are Gaz Coombes and Petri Lindroos both vocalists?
yes
To which taxonomical category do both Phellodendron and Boltonia belong?
genus
what premier league team did john carlin play for in 1902?
Liverpool Football Club
Thomas Ritter  is a retired German footballer who played one game for Germany in 1993 against Uruguay, as a substitute for Stefan Effenberg, a retired German footballer who last managed what club?
SC Paderborn
Ziegfeld Follies is a 1946 American musical comedy film starring an american film actress who was also a what?
dancer
Where was the songwriter who wrote the songs for the album "Song Hits from Holiday Inn" born?
Russia
What was the population in 2010 of the city where Irwin Stadium is located ?
2,045
What is the birth date of the star of Igualita a mí not named Adrian Suar?
15 March 1983
Mount Cammerer is a mountain on the northeastern fringe of the Great Smoky Mountains, the Appalachian Trail traverses Cammerer's south slope and a restored fire lookout at the summit offers panoramic views of the eastern Smokies, Cocke County, and which physiographic province of the larger Appalachian Mountains range?
Blue Ridge Mountains
Frozen Ever After is a dark water ride attraction in Epcot at the Walt Disney World Resort, it opened on June 21, 2016 and replaced the former Maelstrom attraction, Maelstrom was a log flume dark ride attraction located in the Epcot theme park, at Walt Disney World Resort, in which state?
Florida
The Delamere Way is a footpath running from Frodsham to Stockton Heath, a civil parish and suburb of Warrington, Cheshire in which country?
England
Can you name a movie that Josh Hartnett starred in after making O?
Lucky Number Slevin (2006)
What insturument type did Dickie Peterson and Ely Buendia have in common?
guitarist
How long has Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein's brother reigned as Grand Duke?
since 7 October 2000.
which state in northern India is Trans-Karakoram Tract claimed by India as part of the state of 
Jammu and Kashmir
Genesee Cream Ale is a cold fermented, alcohlic beverage produced by a brewery located along which river ?
the Genesee River
Showbiz Tycoon is a semi-biographical drama based on the life of a Hong Kong mogul that died in what year?
2014
Josue Larose is a organizer from a city in Broward County, Florida. Which city?
Deerfield Beach
Which building is older, the Mısır Apartment or the Abdi İpekçi Arena?
Mısır Apartment
Gregg Rolie and Rob Tyner, are a keyboardist?
no
The Merchant of Venice is a 16th-century play by William Shakespeare in which a merchant in Venice must default on a large loan provided by an abused Jewish moneylender, notable is Portia's speech about which titled quote by Portia in William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice"; it occurs during Act IV, Scene 1, set in a Venetian Court of Justice?
The quality of mercy
What was the exact date of the accident that Miracle landing is based on?
April 28, 1988
Rachel (Sarenka) Zylberberg, was an underground activist and participant in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, after the German invasion of Poland at the onset of World War II, she left the capital for which was one of 16 Voivodeships in the Second Polish Republic, with the capital in Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania)?
Wilno Voivodeship
Alanna Noel Ubach (born October 3, 1975) is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican and Mexican descent, she has provided voices for several characters in a number of animated television shows and movies, such as four characters in which 2011 American 3D computer-animated Western action comedy film, an Oscar-winning animated film, directed by Gore Verbinski?
Rango
In the 2005 film "Shooting Gallery" Freddie Prinze, Jr. plays a character whose deceptive acts are often called what?
pool sharks
Are Raoul Walsh and Puneet Sira both British directors?
no
Which university is located in more cities, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology or the University of Minnesota?
University of Minnesota
Are both Hello Mr. and Herald American published works?
yes
The 9/12 Tea Party was a political rally sparked after a 2009 call from which reporter?
Rick Santelli
The Black Candle is a documentary film about a celebration created by who?
Maulana Karenga
 "Mandrake Root" is a song by the globe's loudest band as listed in what book from 1975?
Guinness Book of World Records
When did the sixth season premiere of the show whose 12th episode of that season is called "False Positive"?
September 20, 2010
Which other other major ocean liner for the British Cunard Line preceded the ocean liner that was featured in a book of photographs by Philip Plisson?
Queen Elizabeth 2
From what city was high-lying bass singer and conductor Gotthold Schwarz from?
Leipzig
Who directed the film that chronicled Stephen Kaplan's attempt to prove thatt the Amityville Horror hauntings were a hoax?
Richard Fleischer
Are both Karamay and Meihekou transportation hubs?
no
Which of the following strategy games is based on the German electoral system: Die Macher or ZÈRTZ?
Die Macher
Howl-O-Scream is an event that occurs at the largest SeaWorld theme park in which Texas city?
San Antonio
Which American actress starred in Whit Stillman's movie Damsels in Distress?
Greta Gerwig
The Toyota Owners 400 was sponsored from 2007 to 2011 by a brand that is owned by which company?
Diageo
What actress and model was the mistress to Admiral Haratio Nelson? 
Emma, Lady Hamilton
Who is currently best known for their single "Weatherman" from their debut eponymous album "Dead Sara", Young Guns or Dead Sara ?
Dead Sara
Who wrote more works, J. M. G. Le Clézio or Ogden Nash?
Ogden Nash
Till-Holger Borchert is the chief curator of a museum in the capital city of what province?
West Flanders
 A Decent Ride is a novel that takes place 10 years after which 2002 Irvine Welsh novel?
Porno
"Rikki-Tikki-Tavi" is a short story by an author that died in what year?
1936
Osama, written by what Israeli-born writer, won the 2012 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel beating out a novel about a time traveler who attempts to prevent the assassination of President John F. Kennedy written by Stephen King?
Lavie Tidhar
Which director is American, Tom Forman or Arturo Ripstein?
Tom Forman
What member of the country music group Blackhawk plays guitar and also helped write the song "Days of America"?  
Henry Paul
The 2016–17 Santa Clara Broncos men's basketball team represented what university that was founded in 1851
Santa Clara University
Was Federico Fellini or John M. Stahl born first?
John Malcolm Stahl
The New Exhibition Hall was designed by an Italian architect who is the head of what company?
Studio Fuksas
Which began their carrer first, Zoltan Korda or Claude Sautet?
Zoltan Korda
Which NCAA Division I collegiate athletic conference did the 2016 Washington State Cougars football team play in?
Pac-12 Conference
What was the name of the fighter jet flown by the subject of John Barron's 1980 biography?
Foxbat
what does Fatal Termination and Robin Shou have in common?
film
Louise Wiker is a Swedish long-distance runner, she competed in the marathon event at the fifteenth edition of the IAAF World Championships, was held 22–30 August 2015 in Beijing, China, event title?
2015 World Championships in Athletics
The T-Type is a series of Buick automobiles that were popular during the 1980s, this marketing approach for Buick products, was a revival of a similar approach used in the 1960s (and later revived in the 1990s) with which vehicle designation, this name has been used on several high-performance cars built by Buick since 1965?
Buick GS
The 28th Test and Evaluation Squadron of the Air Force operating out of Okaloosa County in Florida is based at which Air Force base?
Eglin Air Force Base
The Mosaic covenant are recorded in the first five books of the Hebrew Bible, which also sometimes refers primarily to the Torah or first five books of the Hebrew Bible?
Law of Moses
how is Karl von Eberstein and Sturmabteilung related?
Nazi Party
The lead female actress in "City of Angels" began her acting career in which year ?
1981
Both Howard University Hospital and George Washington University Hospital located in which place?
Washington, D.C.
Rafael Ynoa plays left-field for the MLB team based in what Colorado city?
Denver
When did the police procedural series starring William Estes debut?
September 24, 2010
Federated States of Micronesia held their Micronesian parliamentary election on?
5 March 1985
Titan and Balderdash, are which specific type of entertainment?
board game
Who was born in 1868 and performed the oil drop experiment?
Robert Andrews Millikan
The 1st Battle of Kharkov was named so by a German field army born in which year ?
1882
What book are the old ones, that exist on different planes of existence simultaneously apart of?
Palladium Books
Israeli actress, Odeya Rush, is known for her lead role in 2015 American horror comedy film based on the children's book series created by what author?
R.L. Stine
The host of the American version of "Punchlines" hosted how many shows in his career?
23
Heavy Gear II is a sequel to a game that was released in what year?
1999
Are Kasabian and Jawbox both from England?
no
 Lauren McCrostie is best known for her role in a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by who?
Carol Morley
Who was born earliest, Carl Maria von Weber or Charles Gounod?
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber
What year was the novel that inspired the 1979 movie Robert Dalva appeared in published?
1941
Who was known for his promotion of inoculation for disease prevention and owned the slave Onesimus?
Cotton Mather
Who was a Senegalese writer, Edward L. Cahn or Khady Sylla?
Khady Sylla
When did the Australian rail freight operator, whose main commodities included Aluminium oxide, become part of QR National?
June 2011
Who created the Cartoon Network cartoon, Craig McCracken is known for writings and storyboarding for?
Genndy Tartakovsky
Which star of the TV series "Will & Grace" also appears in the film The Sisters?
Eric McCormack
The father of the child who's death inspired "Tears in Heaven" was named number five in what magazine's "The 10 Best Electric Guitar Players"? 
Time
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues was directed by the painted and photographer of what nationality?
American
Are Smyrnium and Nymania both types of plant?
yes
When did the Emperor of the French rule, whose last victorious battle was also The Battle of Saint-Dizier?
1804 until 1814
Are Augie March and James Iha both rock musicians?
yes
Penlee Point, the coastal headland to the SW of the village of Rame in southeast Cornwall, UK, lies at the entrance of what body of water? 
Plymouth Sound
What industry makes both Dana Ivey and Rush Hour 3 popular?
film
What is similarity between Ivor Gurney and Robert Walser?
poet and composer
Taylor Swift released a song that was produced by who? 
Nathan Chapman
The actor that played Gomer Pyle on "The Andy Griffith Show" also co-starred with Dolly Parton in what 1982 musical?
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas
Snow Pink was released by a group formed by what company? 
Plan A Entertainment
Which river flows through the valley with which the AM radio station WWJZ serves?
Delaware River
Who wrote the book on which a musical was based which featured the song She Used to Be Mine?
Jessie Nelson
Are Hans Fallada and John Buchan both from the same country ?
no
"The Closer I Get to You" is a romantic ballad performed by African American jazz, soul, R&B, and folk singer-songwriter Roberta Flack and which  American jazz, blues, soul and gospel singer, songwriter, arranger and pianist, that signed with Atlantic Records in 1969?
Donny Hathaway
What extract is said to have certain cosmetic and hair-growth properties when using hexane, ethyl acetate, ethanol, water, methanol, or dimethyl carbinol as extractants?
an outstanding food for various bivalve larvae
Salvatore Accardo is known for his interpretations of the works of what Italian violinist, violist, guitarist and composer?
Niccolò Paganini
Are both W. B. Yeats and Anita Loos a writer?
yes
What was the population in 2010 of the city where the Mount Moriah Cemetery is located?
1,270
Which is longer, the Madera Canal or the All-American Canal?
the All-American Canal
Does Tori Amos or John Wetton play the piano?
Tori Amos (born Myra Ellen Amos, August 22, 1963 ) is an American singer-songwriter, pianist
In between The Postal Service and Chagall Guevara which one was formed in 1989?
Chagall Guevara
What award winning game is a reboot of the franchise developed by id Software?
Doom
Ruan Zhenduo served in many cabinet-level positions in what puppet state in Northeast China and Inner Mongolia, which was governed under a form of constitutional monarchy?
Manchukuo
In what year was the court case that upheld the constitutionality of the Special Division?
1988
What do Holger-Madsen and Tony Scott have in common?
film director
The third single off Tim McGraw's twelfth studio album features which two artists?
Taylor Swift on vocals, as well as Keith Urban on guitar
In between Jason Schwartzman and Derrick Green who joined the band Sepultura in 1997?
Derrick Leon Green
What is the purpose of the program that distinguishes a senior military college?
training commissioned officers
Blood Ritual was released by which band formed in Sion, Switzerland?
Samael
Who wrote Doomquest which establishes Doctor Doom as a member of his rogues gallery?
David Michelinie and Bob Layton
The person William Mein Smith worked as the Surveyor General for from 1840 to 1843 was born on what date?
20 March 1796
In what year was the nominate cheetah subspecies, that makes the Entabeni Game Reserve it's home, classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN?
1986
In what year was the bank which currently majority owns Euroinvestor founded?
1992
SLS station was just south of those that were designed to give access to the RV park and casino in what Nevada suburb?
Winchester
Rue McClanahan, known for her role as Blanche Devereaux on "The Golden Girls" had the opportunity to reunite with what co-stars in the show Ladies Man?
Betty White
Phillip Hill-Pearson worked on the British television film with which actor who played Jimmy Murphy?
David Tennant
What was the cost of the project for which Richard Godwin worked as a Nuclear Engineer and Project Director for the Atomic Energy Commission?
$46.9 million
Are Adam Gontier and Björk both singers?
yes
Beth Quist can play the national musical instrument of what country?
Iran
Angiotensin, a peptide hormone, stimulates the release of the main mineralocorticoid hormone from what part of the adrenal gland?
adrenal cortex
Which "Outlaw" star was nominated for an Emmy in 2013?
Rupert Friend
Which is a private university, Ohio State University or Syracuse University?
Syracuse University
In which year was this military base established that functioned as a World War II armament storage depot and is located near Seal Islands?
1942
Princess Maria-Olympia is the only daughter of the eldest son and second child of Constantine II, who was the last king of Greece from 1964 until when?
1973
Love the Way You Lie was part of a medley that included the song from what 5th Rihanna album?
Loud
Who is  Georgia O'Keeffe?
American artist.
What fictional Marvel Comics superhero team uses the Leapfrog as their main transportation?
primary mode of transportation for the Runaways.
What Virginian explorer passed through an area near the Clinch River?
Thomas Walker
Which Italian-born French composer, instrumentalist, and dancer produced music for the French opera Thésée?
Jean-Baptiste Lully
When was the YouTuber born who has association with Dennis Darrell Roady and who's Youtube username is VitalyzdTv?
March 8, 1992
What is the release date of the film in which Noah Lomax played the character Lewis?
December 7
In what year did the American baseball player Mark McGwire win the Man of the Year Award?
1997
Which filmmaker was born first, René Clair or Emilio Fernández?
René Clair
Aladdin's Problem is a 1983 novella by a highly decorated German soldier who became famous for what World War I memoir?
Storm of Steel
This UFC fighter's brother is and actor and what other profession?
model
Herbert James Haddockwas captain of British transatlantic ocean liner which gained what nickname?
Old Reliable
Leff Nicolas Pouishnoff played works by which Austrian composer born on January 31, 1979?
Franz Schubert
Rockland Railroad Station has been leased to what Class III freight railroad operating in the U.S. states of Maine and Vermont and the Canadian province of Quebec 
Central Maine and Quebec Railway
Are Alan Dean Foster and Morris West both novelists?
yes
Las Vegas Uncork'd has had a partnership over the years with which luxury hotel and resort located in Paradise, Nevada?
The Palazzo
Which American hip hop artist had his film debut in 'Get Rich or Die Tryin' which featured his song 'I'll Whip Ya Head Boy' as the intro to the film?
50 Cent
Arms is a song by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri, in 2017, it passed Auli'i Cravalho's, "How Far I'll Go" from which 2016, American 3D computer-animated Disney movie?
Moana
The present observation of Greenery is a holiday that stems from the celebration of a birthday of an emperor whose name means what in English ?
abundant benevolence
What company services Croydon and operated the Thameslink Great Northern franchise?
First Capital Connect
In the foothills of what mountain is the oldest continually operating brewery in Australia?
Mount Wellington
September Song was a film that starred the musician of what nationality?
English
What episode was directed by Jim Reardon and also inspired the sixteenth episode of another animated series?
22 Short Films About Springfield
What kind of music did Old School Flava and Grandmaster Flash and the Furious five create?
rap
 Tekno Team 2000 was composed of Travis and this wrestler born in what year?
1967
Don Chaney's predecessor as head coach went on to be a color commentor for what cable channel?
ESPN
Formerly titled the Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster, of which church was John Fecknam the last abbot?
Westminster Abbey
Mike Bellamy, a former American football player, enrolled in which college, formerly known as East Mississippi Junior College (EMJC)? 
East Mississippi Community College
In what month did the both the Battle of Kulcullen occur and the Irish Rebellion start?
May
To The Point is hosted by which former Australian politician?
Kristina Kerscher Keneally
What type of music does Big Data and Underworld have in common?
electronic
When was the settlement Joseph Smith was en route to when he died first built?
1684
Which game was developed first, Cranium or Thurn and Taxis?
Cranium
Ted Leadbitter's successor is president of what international think tank?
Policy Network
Are Yanzhou District and Shangqiu both located in China?
yes
Who won first place in the 2003 World Series of Poker, leaving Jason Lester in 4th place?
Chris Moneymaker
What rock band formed in New York in 1981 worked with Martin Bisi?
Sonic Youth
Which drink, the Godfather or Negus, is a mix of two types of alcohol?
The Godfather
The final for the 2015–16 DFB-Pokal was played in which sports stadium in Berlin, Germany?
Olympiastadion
Which movie, starring Tobin Bell, had a video game released one week prior to its premier?
Saw 3D
What is the nickname of Sara Carbonero's husband Iker Casillas?
San Iker
The AXIS is an auditorium located at a hotel and casino owned by what corporation?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
 Heathcliff Andrew Ledger was an Australian actor whose work included a fantasy film directed by who?
Terry Gilliam
Thomas Bangalter recorded compositions for a 2002 French art psychological horror drama film that employs what kind of narrative?
non-linear
Who would be older if they were still alive today, Donald Cammell or Peter Bogdanovich?
Donald Seaton Cammell (17 January 1934 – 24 April 1996) was a Scottish film director who has a cult reputation thanks to his debut film "Performance", which he co-directed with Nicolas Roeg.
What ethnicity is the director of the indie film "The Truth About Emanuel"?
Italian-American
Both Tunxi District and Aral, Xinjiang, are situated in which country?
China
The Rieder Automatic Rifle was a model made by the company that created firearms for the forces of what country?
British Empire and Commonwealth
What post apocalyptic action film based on a novel by Francis Lawrence was directoed by Neal H. Moritz?
I Am Legend
What year was id Tech 5 first used in a video game?
2011
When was the wife of the man known by the nickname Boston Rob born?
August 11, 1978
What was the estimated population in 2017 of the city where the 2016 Rally Australia was held?
70,000
Which breed of dog is decended from bloodhounds, Greater Swiss Mountain Dog or Hanover Hound?
Hanover Hound
ToryBoy The Movie and Divine Trash are both what genre of film?
documentary
Which Russian linguist was a member of the Kazan School?
Nikolai Trubetzkoy
What province is the Pashto cinema located in?
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
What is the middle name of the daughter of Paul M. Fleiss?
Lynne
Princess Aisha bint Hussein is the sister of the King who has ruled since what year?
1999
The comedian and actor Breckiin Meyer can be seen in which movie that involves traveling 1800 miles to retrieve a tape?
Road Trip
Which park (Teide National Park or Timanfaya National Park) is located in the Canary Islands in Spain and also is made up of volcanic soil?
Timanfaya National Park
Were John Wain and Ödön von Horváth both novelists?
yes
Johan Mjällby and Neil Lennon were both born in what year?
1971
Were Jonathan Lynn and Ettore Scola both film directors?
yes
What iconic figure or Regency England also goes by the name of George Lashwood?
Beau Brummell
Trey Anastasio and Glenn Bidmead, have which mutual occupation?
guitarist
Which park is the New York mall, that features stores such as H&M and a high-end shoe company, located next to?
Central Park
Thundershorts is a short-form comedy website featuring what comedian who serves as the co-anchor on "Weekend Update"?
Michael Che
What network was the show that Carrie-Anne Moss currently portrays a character created for?
Netflix
Who is this American actress who is best known for her role in the AMC television horror drama "The Walking Dead"and who wrote a play in 2015 about the Liberian women?
Danai Gurira
Close At Hand is the second EP by James McCartney, son of Paul and Linda McCartney, a British musician and songwriter living in London, born on which date?
12 September 1977
The british rapper that released the song "Never Be a Right Time" is the co-host of what show?
"Lip Sync Battle UK"
Campari Knoepffler competed in 3 events at the Olympics in which city?
Montreal
Which American privately held corporation specializing in mathematical computing software supports a Professor of Mathematics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
MathWorks
Do the genuses Argyreia and Lavandula belong to the same family?
no
The director of War Dogs also directed which film starring Breckin Meyer?
Road Trip
The star of the live-action scripted television series produced by Warner Horizon Television, also co-created, starred in, produced, and directed what cult web-series?
Poor Paul
Who is the bass player in the band that sang the song "All We Ever Knew"?
Chris Zasche
An American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks, who was born in 1983,  attended a college preparatory, non-denominational, co-educational day school in what North Carolina city?
Durham
Do both Gerard Way and Ben Kweller write comic books?
no
 Adelaide Central Plaza is located in a pedestrian street mall that opened in what year ?
1976
The leader of the band that came out with Monuments to an Elegy was born on what date?
March 17, 1967
What music composer worked with Ben Vaughn on an American sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on NBC?
Jeff Sudakin
Are Cordoba Fighting Dog and Portuguese Water Dog both examples of dog breeds?
yes
Which NFL football team that plays its home games in New York did Nevil McCaskill play for?
Buffalo Bills
Jean Epstein and Tim Whelan, are French?
no
The 2010 Insight Bowl was the 22nd edition, of the college football bowl game, played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona on Tuesday, December 28, 2010, it featured which team that represented the University of Missouri, in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season?
2010 Missouri Tigers football team
Does The Straight Story and Never a Dull Moment both Star Dick Van Dyke? 
no
Kevin Clark is a former commissioner of a police department that services a city in which US state ?
Maryland
What two property groups own the enclosed shopping malls in Santa Rosa, California?
Codding Enterprises and Simon Property Group
What was the population at the 2010 census of the town where John Rais was born?
24,498
What actor from "How I Met Your Mother" performed with Timothy Nolen?
Neil Patrick Harris
Are Gynaika Magazine and New! Magazine both tailored to a female audience?
no
Which president of Indonesia created a series of extrajudicial government executions between 1983 and 1985?
Suharto
How old is the fossil record of the order that contains the only strictly marine herbivorous mammal?
50-million-year-old fossil record
Rock Dog featured the voice of which actor who got his start on "All That"?
Kenan Thompson
What municipality did former municipality Pizy merge with in Switzerland?
Aubonne
Mercy Drive has created entrance themes for the actor and wrestler who is currently signed to what company?
WWE
Olathe North High School is in the school district in what area?
Kansas City Metropolitan Area
Crewe and Nantwich is a constituency in Cheshire represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2017, by Laura Smith, elected as what for Crewe and Nantwich at the 2017 general election?
the Member of Parliament (MP)
What song was the first song released by Universal Music Group by New Zealand singer Lorde, also to be released later on her debut studio album?
Royals
What nationality is Lord William Bentinck?
British
Were Michael Jackson and Joe Strummer the same nationality?
no
Akeo Watanabe was a Japanese symphonic conductor, known for his recordings of the works of what Finnish composer and violinist of the late Romantic and early-modern periods?
Jean Sibelius
What college founded in 1884 in Philadelphia did Vincent Kling study at?
Temple University
Which was founded first, the University of Iowa or the University of Texas at Austin?
University of Iowa
How many songs were written by the man who shares attribution for one of his songs with a poem by Emily Huntington Miller?
80
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota, the county is named in honor of Henry Clay, an American lawyer and planter, statesman, and skilled orator who represented which state,in both the United States Senate and House of Representatives?
Kentucky
Light Chasers is the tenth studio album, released in stores on September 14, 2010, by the American indie rock group Cloud Cult, an experimental indie rock band from Duluth, Minnesota led by which singer/songwriter?
Craig Minowa
What highway is the closest town to Montague Island located on?
Princes Highway
Ponoma College is one of five undergraduate schools in which consortium?
Claremont Colleges
Manoir de Ban, which is located in the municipality of Corsier-sur-Vevey, Switzerland, is know to be the property of what famous actor? 
Charlie Chaplin
Geoffrey Chevalier Cheshire, was an English barrister, scholar and influential writer on law, and was the father of Leonard Cheshire, was a highly decorated of which World War II organization,  pilot and philanthropist?
Royal Air Force
Which voice star from the 2014 film "Jungle Shuffle" is also a "Saturday Night Live" veteran?
Rob Schneider
 Visy Industries was established in Melbourne, Australia in 1948 and has since grown to become one of the world’s largest privately owned paper, packaging and recycling companies, Visy was owned by Richard Pratt until his death, on which date, was a prominent Australian businessman, chairman of the privately owned company Visy Industries, and a leading figure of Melbourne society?
28 April 2009
What characteristic does the Quince and the Isoplexis share? 
flowering plants
Bernard Blancan shared the Best Actor award at Cannes in 2006 for what Rachid Bouchareb film?
Days of Glory
What date was the screenwrither of the film directed by Garry Marshall born on?
July 1, 1971
Are both Protected and Night Mail documentaries?
yes
Who was born first, Ken Hughes or Peter Duffell?
Kenneth Graham "Ken" Hughes
What Real World alumna stars in Already Tomorrow in Hong Kong?
Jamie Chung
Dronamraju Krishna Rao focused his work on the research of this british-born scientist who passed on 1 december what year?
1964
What Brazilian American actress starred in the remake of the 1983 scifi miniseries created by Kenneth Johnson?
Morena Baccarin
Panda! Go, Panda! was created by one of the co-founders of what film and animation studio?
Studio Ghibli
Peter Filkins held a residency at the artists' community in what New York town?
Saratoga Springs
Which Swiss hockey player was picked first in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft?
Nico Hischier
Werner Gunter Jaffé Fellner was born in which metropolis and the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany?
Frankfurt
Which city has the largest jurisdictional area in Jiansu, Lianzhou or Yancheng?
Yancheng
Ginés González García served under the President of Argentina who was also Governor of Santa Cruz, what years was he President?
2003 to 2007
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the town loacted approcimately seven miles south of Cave Rock Tunnel?
842
Which team drafted Emil Johansson in the 52nd NHL Entry Draft in the seventh round?
Providence Bruins
 Melanie Hamilton Wilkes is a fictional character first appearing in a novel whose story is set during what war?
American Civil War
An American reality-based nontraditional court show that debuted in syndication on September 26,2011, is produced by an Emmy winning producer and actor, who played what sport?
football
Harvey Fierstein wrote the play Casa Valentina. He has also wrote and stared in other plays and musicals. In what year was he inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame?
2007
Who hosts UFC unleashed alongside an American actress, writer, and television personality?
Kenny Florian
Which professional wrestler is also a football player?
Brock Lesnar
In which film directed by Son Yong-ho did the South Korean actor Park Sung-woong appear?
The Deal
Where is a company based that is attempting to build a flyable reproduction of a German aircraft given the nicknames "Swallow" and "Storm Bird"?
Washington
What is the name of the serial killer who buried his victims in the state forest owned by the New South Wales Government?
Ivan Milat
Roger Morris, famous for helping to develop a 50km rail tunnel linking Folkestone to Coquelles is also famous for which other project?
the hovertrain project
Frederick (Fred) Barnard, was an English illustrator, caricaturist and genre painter,of the Victorian era, the period of Queen Victoria's reign, from 20 June 1837 until her death on which date?
22 January 1901
Philadelphia group The Majors performed in which genre of group-harmony R&B style?
Doo-wop
Henry Patrick "Hank" Egan Jr., is a professional basketball coach in the National Basketball Association, he has also been an assistant with the San Antonio Spurs, to which American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the San Antonio Spurs?
Gregg Charles Popovich
Which rock band, Social Distortion or Wolf Parade, is Canadian?
Wolf Parade
What highway was the first suburban shopping mall in Austin, Texas located on?
I-35/Highway 290
Which person skewered in "Newsical" is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States?
Elena Kagan
What local government area containing the town of Winmalee is located in the Blue Mountain range west of Sydney?
City of Blue Mountains
Essential Montreux is a box-set by a singer known for being a guitar virtuoso in what two genres?
rock and blues
How many teams were members of the conference Eastern Kentucky was in in the 2013-14 season?
12
Marques E. Colston, is a former American football wide receiver, he helped the Saints achieve victory in which American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion New Orleans Saints and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Indianapolis Colts to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2009 season?
Super Bowl XLIV
What band released three EPs: "Box" in 2011, which was recorded with an earlier lineup, "Faces", featuring the current lineup, in 2012, and "Salsa" in 2016, The Naked and Famous or Residual Kid? 
Residual Kid
Patrick Bruders began touring with Down, replacing a musician who was also the bassist for the band Pantera, and is the current bassist for what band?
Kill Devil Hill
What is the name of this 242-acre waterfront casino resort that will house Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse in late 2014?
Golden Nugget Lake Charles
The John N. and Mary L. (Rankin) Irwin House in Keokuk, Iowa, is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999, John N. Irwin, who bought the house and raised his family there with his wife Mary, was a five-term mayor of Keokuk who went on to serve as the territorial governor of the Idaho Territory and the Arizona Territory, are in which country?
United States
Which war that HMS Shannon was in involved France?
Napoleonic Wars
What river's banks was the castle on where Andrew Dudley participated in the War of the Rough Wooing?
Tay
Were both Oliver Marach and Lukáš Dlouhý professional tennis players?
yes
Which meet selection from a meat and three restaurant consists of a piece of steak coated with seasoned flour and pan-fried?
Chicken fried steak
What fine art painter, who is a resident of Indianapolis, Indiana, created the public mural, Ebb and Flow?
Douglas David
Which is located in the US, Mariano Marcos State University or Christian Brothers University?
Christian Brothers University
Who was a member of French Parliament that inspired a political group founded by George Valois and Édouard Berth?
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
Who was played alongside Morten Suurballe in the three television series "The Killing"?
Sofie Gråbøl
"Supernoobs" was produced by Scott Fellows who also made what show which starred Isabela Moner and premiered on Nickelodeon on November 11, 2014?
100 Things to Do Before High School
In 2011, what was the population of the city where the Roman Catholic Hospital is located?
325,858
The 1999 San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 2 May 1999, the 62-lap race was won by which retired German racing driver who raced in Formula One for Benetton and Ferrari, where he spent the majority of his career, as well as for Mercedes upon his brief return to the sport?
Michael Schumacher
Where is the regional airline based that Jim French is the former chairman and CEO of?
Exeter
In which country Hermann Neubacher held a diplomatic post as an Austrian Nazi politician when it was under the control of the Kingdom of Italy?
Albanian Kingdom
What is the founding year of this American for-profit college, which helps to operate a 2 year, dual degree high school located in Chicago, Illinois, with Chicago Public Schools?
1931
Both Constance Tillotson and Brian Trenchard-Smith claim actor and director in their credentials, but which of them has had a majority of their films be direct-to-video releases?
Brian Trenchard-Smith
What traditional dance that originated in the Majha area of the Punjab region was pursued by a San Francisco Bay Area dance team? 
Bhangra
Which company operates in more countires BlackRock or Dentsply Sirona?
Dentsply Sirona
Mont d'Amin is a mountain of a sub-alpine mountain range located north of the Western Alps, and mainly following what border?
France–Switzerland border
Which US naval facility and airport is located in Kauai County, Hawaii and is overseen by Navy Region Hawaii?
Pacific Missile Range Facility
Which city produced David Price , a British professional boxer ?
Liverpool, United Kingdom
What town is Morris Mac Davis from known for his song "A Little Less Conversation"?
Lubbock, Texas
Is it true that both Howea and Bulbophyllum can be found in countries in the Northern Hemisphere?
yes
Where in New York is the highway that ends at the toll barrier for Heckscher State Park in Great River?
Long Island, New York
Which opera has more acts Der Freischütz or Il trovatore
Il trovatore
Crouch End is a horror story by Stephen King, originally published in "New Tales of the Cthulhu Mythos" (1980), it contains distinct references to the horror fiction of which American author who achieved posthumous fame through his influential works of horror fiction?
H. P. Lovecraft
Carla Gugino is known for her role as Kelor in a shared universe centered on a series of superhero films distributed by who?
Warner Bros.
Grand Admiral a naval rank in one of the highest in the several European navies that use this system, what system are they using? 
Military ranks
Who features on Young Jeezy's "I Do" along with André 3000 from Outkast?
Jay-Z
Princess Johanna Marina Eleoore of Hesse was orphaned at the age of fourteen months, when her family was killed in a plane crash, when the plane they were in hit what? 
factory chimney
What escaped convict is the novel STrandloper loosely based on?
William Buckley
What does the logo of VMAQT-1 mean in Old Irish?
woman of the fairy mound
What country does Macross Frontier and Mai Mai Miracle originate from? 
Japan
Who is an American musician, best known as the rhythm guitarist and only remaining founder of the heavy metal band from New York City that released 11 studio albums, several other albums, and 26 singles, including collaborating on a single with American hip hop group Public Enemy ? 
Scott Ian
Are Marc Rosset and Guillermo Vilas both tennis players?
yes
Are singers Spider One and Eric Burdon both members of bands?
yes
Monopoly Junior and Codenames, are which specific forms of entertainment?
board game
Which two activites are closely associated with a popular 2004 concept which spurred  the hoax claim, Toothing?
voyeurism and exhibitionism
A prop for a movie directed by Roger Donaldson is now a tourist attraction in which city?
Hong Kong
Patrick MacLeamy is the chairman and former CEO of which American architecture, engineering and planning firm?
HOK
Which historical event is known as the Revolution of 1688 and caused the noble in Scotland to lose control over the Church of Scotland parish churches?
Glorious Revolution
The Harsha Chhina Mogha Morcha was an agrarian revolt in Harsha Chhina, Punjab, India, that took place in 1946 under the leadership of the Communist Party, Harsha Chhina is a village near RajaSansi Airport in Amritsar, is a city in north-western India which is the administrative headquarters of the Amritsar district - located in the Majha region of the Indian state, of what?
Punjab
What Eon Productions film featured a theme song performed by the band Wings?
Live and Let Die
What sport did Robert Lindstedt and Alex O'Brien play?
tennis
What Albania town is located on the banks of the Vjosa River in Gjirokastër County and after a 2015 local government reform the village of Progonat became part of its municipality?
Tepelenë
Who was born first: Cynthia Ozick or Malcolm Lowry?
Malcolm Lowry
Which channel network did the animation shows The Off-Beats and KaBlam! air on?
Nickelodeon
when was the  former Conservative Member of Parliament  who was also part of those who founded  Conservative Philosophy Group born 
(born 30 August 1942
Where is the headquarters of an ecommerce company founded by someone who worked at an online specialty retailer for baby products?
Mumbai, India
What was the 2010 population of the locale KAGB is licensed to?
9,212
Who umpired a Test match in the most populous city of the Australian state of Victoria?
George James Hodges
For which motion picture did this American composer of film scores and contemporary classical music, who composed Juan Darién: A Carnival Mass, win the Academy Award?
Frida
Which university, Capitol Technology University or Columbia University, is a private Ivy League research university in Upper Manhattan, New York City?
Columbia University
"This Is It" is a song co-written by American pop star and musician, Michael Jackson, and Paul Albert Anka, a Canadian-American singer, songwriter, and actor that first became famous during the late era, of which time period?
1950s
Which film director, Frank Tashlin or Craig Serling, was also an animator?
Frank Tashlin
Richard Miniter is an investigative journalist who wrote for a liberal American magazine which was owned by who in 2014?
Chris Hughes
Who was the Italian professor of genetics who edited the Theoretical Biological Forum?
Giuseppe Sermonti
What year did a show Kristen Schaal star in be voted for :Best variety Show"?
2005
Which author is famous for writing historical spy novels, Alan Furst or H. P. Lovecraft?
Alan Furst
Which author, Claude Simon or Paul Auster, has written books that have been translated into more than forty languages?
Paul Benjamin Auster
When did the episode which followed the 1999 Kids' Choice Awards aired 
May 1, 1999
Are Sharleen Spiteri and Cho Kyuhyun from the same country?
no
Which musician has a solo punk rock project: Toshiko Koshijima or Frank Iero?
Frank Anthony Iero, Jr.
In which district of Prague did the Spartakiad take place?
Strahov
Buliao qing has been sung by various singers such as one who was born 10 October 1963, she was regarded as what?
Cantopop diva
What is the common name for the hostplant of Phyllocnistis Iiriodendronella that is a tree of the family Magnoliaceae?
southern magnolia or bull bay
Which band was a friendly rival to the band featuring Robbin Crosby?
Mötley Crüe
What sport is Colin Kaepernick, also known as Kaep, known for playing?
football
Which man, Morgan Freeman or Alejandro Springall, has won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award?
Morgan Freeman
Mmm Papi has a Latin pop influence, similar to what song by Madonna that was co-written and co-produced by her and Patrick Leonard?
La Isla Bonita
Who is the writer of the British television sitcom for which David Jason is best known for his portrayal of Derek "Del Boy" Trotter?
John Sullivan
SPC XL is a statistical add-in for Microsoft Excel, SPC XL provides statistical analysis including Control chart, Process capability, Histogram, and Pareto chart, a chart that contains both bars and a line graph, where individual values are represented in descending order by bars, and the cumulative total is represented by the line, named after who?
Vilfredo Pareto
Who starred in Rough Magic that wasborn 7 April 1964?
Russell Crowe
Mathilde Lemoine is employed by what  international, family-owned and independent financial group?
Edmond de Rothschild Group
Bad Moms features an American actress, singer-songwriter, and businesswoman who began her career in what year?
1990
What song from the Beatles ninth studio album was written by George Harrison?
"Piggies"
What role did actor Patrick Baladi play in the ITV thriller Marcella available on Netflix?
Stephen Holmes
Andrea Hollander Budy is an American poet, originally born in Berlin, Germany, educated at Boston University and the University of Colorado, BU is a private research university located in Boston, in which state?
Massachusetts
What year was the sentence of the man The Nirmul Committee protested appearing at a Mosque in East London commuted to life imprisonment?
2014
Who did the 2002 runner up sing two cover songs with on American Idol: Greatest Moments?
Kelly Clarkson
Pasquale Pistoriois the ex president of a multinational electronics and semiconductor manufacturer headquartered in which city ?
Geneva
What country of origin does Squirrel Nut Zippers and Sponge have in common?
American
What is the four-letter code published in the International Civil Aviation Organization for Broumov Airport?
LKBR
What is the plant that produced TNT until 1976 and is located between the towns of Elwood, Manhattan and Wilmington in northeastern Illinois?
Joliet Army Ammunition Plant
Sugata Marjit is the former Vice Chancellor of which public state university located in Kolkata (formerly "Calcutta"), West Bengal, India established on 24 January 1857?
University of Calcutta
How many games did the player known as "The Process" play in his first season for the Philadelphia 76ers?
31 games
What is the name of the song by The Flys featured in the 2001 American teen crime comedy film directed by Francine McDougall?
She's So Huge
Was The Really Nasty Horse Racing Game or Terra Mystica published first?
The Really Nasty Horse Racing Game
Theories of rhetoric and composition pedagogy, the field of rhetoric has been a matter of considerable debate for millennia, Aristotle, was an ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of which Classical location?
Greece
Are both Strombocactus and Calypso bulbosa both genus of plants ?
yes
The actor that played Tony Soprano in "The Sopranos" stars with Tom Hardy in a 2014 crime drama film directed by who?
Michaël R. Roskam
Sako Shahinian and Arshile Gorky, are of which mutual nationality?
American-Armenian
What is the stage name for actor who co-stared the 2016 film "Train to Busan" with Jung Yu-mi and Ma Dong-seok?
Gong Yoo
In what year did Richard Thomas Griffiths play a role in the movie Bedtime Stories?
2008
Zoop is a puzzle game developed by Hookstone Productions and published by Viacom New Media, official "Zoop" games have been released, including for the Macintosh ( ; (branded as Mac since 1998) is a series of personal computers (PCs) designed, developed, and marketed by who?
Apple Inc.
Sangerville Town Hall is located at 1 Town Hall Lane (corner of South Main Street) in the village center of Sangerville, Maine, Sangerville is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, in which country?
United States
Which American wide receiver has a brother who was drafted by the Titans fifth overall in the 2017 NFL Draft?
Titus Davis
Who was the Vickers .50 originally produced for?
the British Army
Queen Mab, is a fairy referred to in William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet", where "she is the fairies' midwife", in her play, her activity is described in a famous speech by which fictional character in William Shakespeare's 1597 tragedy, a close friend to Romeo and a blood relative to Prince Escalus and Count Paris?
Mercutio
Jaroslav Seifert and Harlan Coben are both what?
writer
The Pitcairn Building was originally built as a regional center for a company that supplies what items?
paints, coatings, specialty materials, and fiberglass
What was the nickname of the Australian pioneer aviator who owned the Lady Southern Cross monoplane and made a flight from Austraia to London in a record 10.5 days??
Smithy
Anna Ranch Heritage Center is a former cattle ranch in a census-designated place with a population of what in 2010?
9,212
Who was the head coach of the 2016 New York Giants?
Benjamin Lee "Ben" McAdoo
Lorentz & Sakarias is a hip-hop duo from Stockholm, Sweden, which Swedish actor have they collaborated with?
Gustaf Caspar Orm Skarsgård
Which singer is also a DJ, Chris Daughtry or Paul Banks?
Paul Julian Banks
What association football match between A.C. Milan of Italy and Liverpool F.C. of England, was part of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League? 
2007 UEFA Champions League Final
What Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award has played with Bill Lee?
Tom Paxton
North of the Gaithersburg area, Interstate 270 passes what urbanized census-designated place in Montgomery County, Maryland?
Germantown
Who was born in a country further east, Richard Dutcher or Rosa von Praunheim?
Rosa von Praunheim
Were both the Hanover Hound and Toy Trawler Spaniel introduced to France?
no
Which actor from the 2001 movie Kiss Kiss was the voice actor for J.A.R.V.I.S in Iron Man?
Paul Bettany
When was the national park Mount Le Conte is located in chartered by Congress?
1934
Who managed the 5,000 acre estate of Thomas Jefferson?
Edmund Bacon
In what county is Lori Swanson's home city of Eagen, Minnesota located?
Dakota County
Who is a famous male singer with a voice equivalent to that of a soprano, mezzo-soprano, or contralto?
Domenico Salvatori
Which astronaut is older, Philippe Perrin or André Kuipers?
André Kuipers
Which genus of plants is native to South and Central America, Onoclea or Phaedranassa?
Phaedranassa
What is the nickname of the national team of which Maxwell Konadu was caretaker coach ?
the Black Stars
Which American actress born in 1982 stars in the 2015 American drama film "Bleeding Heart"?
Jessica Biel
The American who owned Taprobane Island died in what year? 
1999
Which rock band was formed first, Aaroh or Goldfinger?
Goldfinger
Eugene E. Lindsey, born in Sprague, Washington, 2 July 1905, graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1927, he served an observation squadron in which Colorado"-class battleship, and was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named in honor of the seventh state?
USS "Maryland"
The Devonwood Bike Trail serves the shopping mall in Windsor, Ontario, Canada and which airport?
Windsor Airport
What is the nationality of the person who played the protagonist in "Mind Games"?
Irish
A German teacher born in 1931 fulfilled an integral role at what institution that was the first government highschool in South Australia?
Adelaide High School
Hershel Greene a fictional character portrayed by Scott Wilson, saves the life of Chandler Riggs's character in an American television series which airs on what? 
AMC
what is the Financial Training Center limited (FTC) known for? what is a example of processing, and communication of Financial Information?
Accounting
What is the name of one of the native species of buckthorn that is also a powerful plant-based laxative?
Rhamnus purshiana
Are Desiree Akhavan and Ilya Naishuller both Russian?
no
Billy Bob Thornton and Gene Saks, are Americans that have which occupation in common?
actor
What is the name of this American actor, comedian, and musician, born in 1980, who starred with Jason Ritter in "Ode to Janice Melt"?
Simon Helberg
Yahya Al Bishri has designed garments for a King who passed away in which year ?
2015
How many Coleman Medals did the winner of the 2013 AFL Goal of the Year win?
four
Who was the third daughter of the Earl Curzon of Kedleston?
Lady Alexandra Naldera Curzon
Which of the movies that Eteuati Tema worked on had a moon called Pandora?
Avatar
What 1977 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol is loosely based on a novel by the author of the poem "Jabberwocky"?
Alice or the Last Escapade
Naomi Yashiro has been working as a cabin crew at an airlaine headquartered where?
Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan
Christopher Robin appears in the stories of what fictional anthropomorphic teddy bear?
Winnie-the-Pooh
What is known as the Kingdom and the National Route 13 stretches towards the border?
Cambodia
ValuJet Flight 592 was operated by the company headquartered in what Georgia location?
Clayton County
Which dance form of Alex Magno originated in the mid-1970s in NY?
Salsa
The Guggenheim Museum SoHo was a branch of a museum that was established in what year?
1939
Which opera was performed first The Midsummer Marriage or The Beggar's Opera ?
The Beggar's Opera
Which actress in Liebestraum is also a visual artist?
Marilyn Pauline "Kim" Novak
Which region did this son of Marion Kozak and British politician who was Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition in the 2010s, represent as Member of Parliament in 2005?
Doncaster North
What was the full name of the Roman general and statesman for which AD 52 was known as the year of the Consulship of?
Lucius Cornelius Sulla Felix
Kebo Gotti appeared on which American rapper's fourth and final single from the 2010 debut album "Flockaveli", the rapper is better known as who?
Waka Flocka Flame
Kentucky is located in a region of america which constitutes as what?
one of the nine Census Bureau Divisions
Jaffa Road contains the bus station that serves which three bus routes?
Egged, Superbus and Dan
Who played The Rajah in The Winning Team?
Frank Lovejoy
What country are both Kopparvallen and Conny Torstensson from?
Sweden
Are Thom Yorke and Bruce Guthro both members of the alternative rock band Radiohead?
no
Kajol is a forerunner for what award that started in 2001?
Star Screen Award Jodi No. 1
Ludwig van Beethoven's Cello Sonata No. 3 in A major, Op. 69 was written in 1808, in the same year Beethoven also completed and published his Fifth and Sixth Symphonies, composed and completed in 1808, which was first performed in the Theater an der Wien on which date, in a four-hour concert?
22 December 1808
The 1996 Australian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 10 March 1996, at Melbourne, this was the debut race of the future world champion Jacques Joseph Charles Villeneuve, a Canadian professional auto racing driver and amateur musician, and is the son of which Formula One driver?
Gilles Villeneuve
The author of books about Ugenia Lavender was also in a pop girl group that was formed in what year?
1994
What year did the codifier of LaVeyan Satanism die?
1997
The Missouri river has a tributary that originates from what peak in the Absaroka Range?
Yellowstone River
Which is in Texas, DoubleDave's Pizzaworks or Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint?
DoubleDave's Pizzaworks
The presenter of "Chemistry: A Volatile History" was born in what year?
1962
The Mercury tracer is based on variations of the Mazada Protege which is manufactured by which company?
Mazda Familia
Lucy Alexis Liu stars as Dr. Joan Watson in which American procedural drama series in 2012?
Elementary
Neetho starred which actress born on 1 February 1979?
Mahek Chahal
Where is the place Norman Allen Adie moved to the United States to work at located in?
Rockefeller Center
What disappeared in "Sonic Chronicles" after the defeat of the main antagonist of the series?
the Chaos Emeralds
 M. Night Shyamalan wrote and directed "The Visit" and "The Village;" of the two movies, which is more recent?
The Visit
What British preschool series, directed by Astley Baker Davies, had its music composed by Julian Nott?
Peppa Pig
Are Corylopsis and Impatiens both genus of plants ?
yes
In what year did the star of "Joe Bash" win an Emmy Award?
1996
In which city is the conglomerate that bought Ray Ban from Bausch & Lomb ?
Milan
Nick Bottom was a character whose head is turned into that of a donkey by the character who was a figure of what country's mythology?
English
Who is the actor that portrays a marvel character in a ABC television series that was created by Scott Buck? 
Kenneth "Ken" Leung
What was opened by a member of the Minnesota Timberwolves?
Crawford Court
What team, managed by a man who is also and advisor to Central Coast Mariners, won the 2008 FA Cup?
Portsmouth
Do both Game of the Goose and Medina require two or more players to play?
yes
What American real estate developer owns the Encore hotel and casino in Las Vegas?
Steve Wynn
How many times did the NBA center, who coached Martyna Andriuškevičius win the Euroscar?
six
Prandtl numbers are named after a pioneer in what applied science?
aeronautical engineering
The English-American film director, who filmed the movie "Dunkirk" was born on what day?
born 30 July 1970
The Dhanush is a 155 mm towed howitzer used by which land-based branch and the largest component of the Indian Armed Forces?
Indian Army
Are the Lehigh Canal and the Gowanus Canal both located in the same state?
no
Young-hu Kim and Shinwa both have worked for what music company? 
SM Entertainment
Ammonium perchlorate was used in the disaster that occurred in what city?
Henderson, Nevada
Walt Housman attended which public secondary school that holds 1400 students?
Merrimack High School
Who preceeded the namesake of Ches Crist as President of the United States?
James A. Garfield
The song Pepperland Laid Waste was part of a soundtrack album to a film that premiered in what month and year?
July 1968
The 13th AVN Awards ceremony, organized by Adult Video News (AVN) honored the best pornographic films of 1995 and took place on which date, at the Aladdin Theatre for the Performing Arts in Paradise, Nevada, comedian Bobby Slayton hosted the show for the first time, alongside actress co-hosts Jenna Jameson and Julia Ann, the stage name of American pornographic actress, feature dancer?
January 7, 1996
Which Dolly Parton song was co-written by a singer from Lubbock, Texas?
White Limozeen
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and Howard University Hospital are both located where?
Washington, D.C
What writer of Closing time died in 1994?
Kurt Cobain
Are Cephalaria and Sagina both a genus of species of flowering plants?
yes
What do Shengzhou and Bei'an have in common?
county-level city
Cross Damon resembles the hero of a novel by a writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in what year?
1957
Are both literary figures, Lorraine Hansberry and Ann-Marie MacDonald, from the same country?
no
What is the river 3 mi north-west of Gainsborough said to take its name from?
the Norse god of the ocean
Which route that goes through Conyer is a 1695 mi cycle-path?
National Cycle Route 1
What genre does Hot Hot Heat and 1990s have in common?
rock
What do Dionysia and Hesperaloe have in common?
flowering plants
Foxcatcher is a 2014 American true crime sports drama film about a wrestling team set up in what state?
Pennsylvania
Aaron Keith Heal is an Australian cricketer who played for what Australian professional men's Twenty20 cricket team whose home ground is Etihad Stadium.
Melbourne Renegades
No Clue is a dark comedy starring what actor known for his role on The Office? 
David Koechner
What is Fanna, located about 100km northwest of Trieste, Italy known as?
"comune"
Festival Imperial is a major Costa Rican music festival organized by Cerveceria Costa Rica and their flagship beer, which Costa Rican brand of beer, manufactured by the Florida Ice & Farm Company (FIFCO)?
Imperial
Which genus has more species, Cyananthus or Polypodium?
Polypodium
What actor, born on October 21, 1965, stars in the 2014 American drama film Where Hope Grows?
William Zabka
In what Massachusetts county does the house at 87 Hull Street, Beverly, Massachusetts reside?   
Essex County
Bryan Christopher Callen regularly appears on a podcast by an American stand-up comedian who started his stand-up career in what year?
1988
5 Fingers included the James Mason character who was based on the secret agent for which group?
Nazi Germany
Franz Liszt, a prolific 19th-century Hungarian composer, virtuoso pianist, conductor, music teacher, arranger, organist, philanthropist, author, nationalist and a Franciscan tertiary based his play on a work by which Lord?
Lord Byron
Who wears the football boot made by Nike, said to be for traction and agility, designed for deceptive players, and is a forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur?
Harry Kane
Ares and Right On!, is which type of publication?
magazine
Readville, Boston is bordered on the south by the town in what Massachusetts county, the birthplace of George HW Bush?
Norfolk
527 Euryanthe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun, it was discovered in 1904 by Max Wolf and named after the heroine of an opera by which German composer, conductor, pianist, guitarist and critic, and was one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school?
Carl Maria von Weber
Under which government did this Italian classical composer, conductor, and teacher that became a source of inspiration for "A Little Nightmare Music" pursue his career?
the Habsburg Monarchy
In what city did the first UFC pay-per-view shown live on a Friday after UFC 55 take place?
Las Vegas, Nevada
which American hard rock band has songs that have been covered by Racer X, Fu Manchu, The Smashing Pumpkins, Sebastian Bach and Fighting Gravity? 
Blue Öyster Cult
Ernest Whitington wrote "Out among the People" in a newspaper first published where?
London
Which star of William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet movie was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time magazine in 2012?
Claire Danes
Who is this English pop singer and record producer whose career extended from the late 1950s to the 1990s that contributed to the playlist of Magic in the Morning?
Dusty Springfield
The lead drummer of Stand By Me is known for innovation in what type of music? 
funk
Reuben Hornsby was an early Texas pioneer and surveyor for Stephen F. Austin, Hornsby was the great-grandfather of which baseball Hall of Famer,and American baseball infielder, manager, and coach who played 23 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB)?
Rogers Hornsby
Where is the company head quarters that makes the GU230 mobile phone?
Yeouido-dong, Seoul, South Korea,
What do System of a Down and Richard Donchian have in common? 
Armenian-American
What is the name of the first book in the series based on a stealth video game series developed by the Danish company IO Interactive?
Hitman: Enemy Within
Heaven is a documentary film, released in which year, about beliefs concerning the afterlife and heaven in particular, the film was written and directed by Diane Keaton, an American film actress, director and producer?
1987
William McKendree Gwin (October 9, 1805 – September 3, 1885) was an American medical doctor and politician, serving in elected office in Mississippi and California, in California he shared the distinction, along with which American explorer, politician, and soldier who, in 1856, became the first candidate of the anti-slavery Republican Party for the office of President of the United States?
John Charles Frémont
Who was a Canadian producer, Melville Shavelson or Armand Schaefer?
Armand Schaefer
Mark Steven Johnson and Mohammad Bakri directed what type of media?
film
Who was a Canadian film producer, director, actor and screenwriter, Randal Kirk II or Sidney Olcott?
Sidney Olcott
What American actor born in 1974 plays a character in commercials for Old Spice?
Isaiah Mustafa
The winner of the 1991 Kids' Choice Awards KCA Hall of Fame Special Gold Blimp also won a Grammy for what video?
"Opposites Attract"
Ronan was performed at an Arizona stop of which 2014 album's tour?
1989 World Tour
Who manages the Spanish team that competes in the biennial UEFA European Under-21 Championship?
Albert Celades López
Mina Mugil Kimes is a journalist for which sports magazine whose first issue was published on March 11, 1998? 
ESPN The Magazine
Johnny Pacar is an American film and television actor and musician who played in which 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie by Aly Michalka?
Now You See It...
In what month was the album containing The Man released?
September
Which school has more educational institutions, The University of Texas System or Wake Forest University?
The University of Texas System
How long was the confrontation the USS Barataria saw as part of the Cold War?
13-day
What is the profession of the daughter of the founder of Tesco
politician
Can  Fuyang and Gaozhou be found in the same province?
no
What singer-songwriter recorded the song "Afire Love" which was released on 20 June 2014 from his second studio album "x"?
Ed Sheeran
The Owl Service is a low fantasy novel for young adults by what English novelist, best known for his children's fantasy novels and his retellings of traditional British folk tales?
Alan Garner
Jens Wahl, is a German former footballer, and won one cap for East Germany, the East Germany national football team was from 1952 to which year, the football team of East Germany?
1990
Who was apart of the Flensburg Government and succeeded Adolf Hitler?
Karl Dönitz
What song from Jessica Mauboy's album "Beautiful" was promoted by a performance at a super-regional shopping centre in the Australian state of Victoria?
"To the End of the Earth
Who is more recent, Rick Rosenthal or Gary Nelson?
Richard L. "Rick" Rosenthal, Jr.
Who is Dan II of Denmark's father, also known as the legendary king of the Angles?
Offa of Angel
What actor has appeared in the films "Hamlet", "The Woodlanders" and "The Holiday"?
Rufus Frederik Sewell
John Stanley Carroll attended which of the ten branches of the University of Hawai'?
been educated at Saint Mary's University, the University of Hawaii at Hilo
What Minnesota capital city is also the hometown of boxer Jimmy Hegerle?
Saint Paul
What subject in his essays does the author of the 1999 American graphic novel "Bread and Wine: An Erotic Tale of New York" focus on?
sexuality and society
What is the political party of the man who replaced David Johnson as the Australian Minister for Defence?
Liberal Party of Australia
What Gordon and Mildred Gordon novel was made into a movie in which a character named Agent Zeke Kelso was portrayed?
"Undercover Cat"
Which Canadian province did the famous computer scientist John Tsotsos serve as the Director of the Centre for Vision Research at a famous research university?
Ontario
Who is the CEO of the Charlotte, North Carolina-headquartered company that makes Bubble Wrap?
Jerome Peribere
Northeast Catholic College, is a non-profit, liberal arts, co-educational, four-year Catholic college located in Warner, a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, in which country? 
United States
What is the documentary that shows the surrender of the Empire of Japan on the last battleship commissioned by the United States during World War II?
Appointment in Tokyo
What children's novel told the story of Juana Maria, a Nicoleno Native American that was left alone on San Nicolas Island?
Island of the Blue Dolphins
What award did the actor of the 34th President of the United States win?
Academy Award
Where was the University at which Helmut Anheier holds a chair located? 
Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg
Was Brentwood Cathedral or Bradford Cathedral known as the parish church of St Peter for most of it's history?
Bradford Cathedral
Which division does the football team, who made the playoffs for the first time in seven seasons in 2015, play within?
AFC East
Who is younger  Rick Witter or Benjamin Burnley?
Benjamin Jackson "Ben" Burnley IV
The Black Mafia, also known as the Muslim Mafia, Muslim Mob, Philadelphia Black Mafia, or which acronym, is a Philadelphia-based African-American organized crime syndicate, Black Mafia was also engaged in traditional organized crime activities such as number running, The numbers game, also known as the numbers racket, the policy racket, the Italian lottery, the policy game, or the daily number is a form of illegal gambling or illegal lottery played mostly in poor and working class neighborhoods in the United States, wherein a bettor attempts to pick three digits to match those that will be randomly drawn the following day?
PBM
What former football player coached the 2013 WKU Hilltoppers to a four way tie for third place?
Bobby Petrino
The Mexican Cession of 1848 is a historical name in the United States for the region of the modern day southwestern United States that Mexico ceded to the U.S. in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848, it had not been part of the areas east of the Rio Grande which had been claimed by the Republic of Texas, though the Texas annexation resolution in which year,incorporation of the Republic of Texas into the United States of America, which was admitted to the Union as the 28th state, had not specified the southern and western boundary of Texas?
1845
Helen Herz Cohen (1912 – March 23, 2006) was the Director of Camp Walden, an all-girls residential summer camp located in Denmark, a town in Oxford County, Maine, in which country?
United States
Francis Key Hunt was named after what American poet who wrote a poem entitled at first "The Defence of Fort McHenry"?
Francis Scott Key
What democratic secular country is home to Chrysopsyche mirifica?
The Federal Republic of Nigeria
Ahmad Niyaltigin was the treasurer of a sultan who rose to power by seizing what from his younger twin?
the Ghaznavid throne
Which actor who starred in the 2016 film Money Monster also is best known for his portrayal of Gustavo "Gus" Fring on the AMC shows "Breaking Bad" and "Better Call Saul"?
Giancarlo Giuseppe Alessandro Esposito
Robbie Coltrane is known for his film roles as a fictional character based on a book series written by who?
J. K. Rowling
What is the name of a film featuring Ray Liotta and one of the stars of "10 Things I Hate About You"?
"Blackway"
Which of the following films is directed by Scott Ditzenberger, "Congo River, Beyond Darkness", or "Out of Place"?
Out of Place
Cadillac insurance plan, is any unusually expensive health insurance plan, usually arising in discussions of medical-cost control measures in which country, the term gained popularity in the early 1990s during the debate over the Clinton health care plan, it was a 1993 healthcare reform package proposed by the administration of President Bill Clinton and closely associated with the chair of the task force devising the plan?
United States
What city held the 1956 Summer Olympics where Robert O'Brien competed in sprint canoe?
Melbourne
On what date was the musician behind "Out of Our Minds" born?
March 17, 1972
Which director won more Oscar awards, Jacques Tourneur or Ralph Nelson?
Ralph Nelson
In regards to the person who was a Member of Parliament for the Leigh constituency before Jo Platt, what year was that person born?
1970
Who is considered a founder of the Chicano Movement that also wrote a famous epic poem?
Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzales
What film distributed by United Artists was written by a screenwriter who dropped out of college?
The Front Page
Who directed the movie starring Lucy Hale and American film and television actress, best known for her role as Jesse Quick in The CW's "The Flash"?
Jeff Wadlow
What Lindsey Stirling song's video received 1.3 million views on YouTube after one day?
Shatter Me
For which University did Marcus Jackson play college football ? 
Texas Christian University
Which film Robin Hood or Oz the Great and Powerful was produced first ?
Robin Hood
Which of Brandon Thaxton or Jon Turteltaub has the highest filming skills 
Brandon Thaxton
What is the United States federal government initiative to preserve and protect historic buildings, arts, and published works that the White House Millennium Council recognized the Cross-Cultural Dance Resources as part of?
Save America's Treasures
Does The Brothers Creeggan or The dB's have more members?
The dB's
What is the nickname for the criterium around Park 14?
Down Under Classic
Monsters, Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue! is based on a movie made by a company that was purchased by Disney for how much?
$7.4 billion
Café Oz Australian Bar is an Australian themed pub and restaurant in France, the food menu offers also Australian cuisine themed food such as Little Creatures Pale Ale, from which Australian brewing company based in Fremantle, Western Australia, originally established in 2000, by the original brewers of the Matilda Bay Brewing Company?
Little Creatures
What is the area of the Island that Wailoa River State Recreation Area is on?
4028 sqmi
Which opera is by Christoph Willibald Gluck, Iphigénie en Tauride or Der Barbier von Bagdad?
Iphigénie en Tauride
The Wirehaired Pointing Griffon and Giant Schnauzer both were developed in which country?
Germany
The younger brother of Harvey Jewell served as the national chairman for which American political party?
Republican Party
What state does First East Branch Magalloway River and Kennebec River have in common?
Maine
Which 2001 comedy film, directed by Francine McDougall, the director of "Go Figure" (2005), follows a group of high school cheerleaders who commit an armed robbery? 
Sugar & Spice
What music group had a greatest hits album that references their fourth studio album in the title?
Megadeth
In which year did Lawrence Fishburne play an early pioneer of of fifties rock and roll?
1993
In what 1942 British romance film did actress/singer Jane Birkin's mother star in?
Breach of Promise
which census-designated place (CDP) in Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.is  Crystal Springs a popular destination forits passersby 
Rachel
Are Robert Pollard and Nic Offer both American musicians?
yes
Who s an American engineer and politician who has been the United States Representative for Kentucky's 4th congressional district that defeated the 63rd District, representative of Kenton County?
Thomas Harold Massie
Which architect designed a church near President Grant's tomb?
Henry C. Pelton
Did Richard Wilbur:or Robert Jordan used more pen names?
Robert Jordan
Derby High School is a school in the city in what Kansas county?
Sedgwick
 Acid Brass is a musical collaboration between Turner-Prize-winning artist Jeremy Deller and the Williams Fairey Brass Band and based on fusing the music of a traditional brass band with acid house and Detroit techno, a type of techno music that generally includes the first techno productions by Detroit-based artists during what years?
the 1980s and early 1990s
The Turn of the Screw includes the English actress who played Mary Crawley on what drama series?
Downton Abbey
What position is played by the football player who was reportedly healed by Mariana Kovacevic during the 2012 African Cup of Nations?
striker
Which television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri is adjacent to television station KCPT?
KCTV
Robert Kenneth Kraft, is an American businessman, he's  the chairman and chief executive officer of the Kraft Group, LLC, a group of privately held companies in the professional sports, manufacturing, and real estate development industries doing business in 90 countries, and founded in which year?
1998
What was the the coming-of-age drama released in 2006 which stars one of the co-starring actors of British thriller film Tower Block?
This Is England
Black Adam was the adversary of what DC Superhero?
Captain Marvel
In which year Albert Bensadoun founded his retail shoe company?
1972
Always Watching: A Marble Hornets Story is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by James Moran, stars include which American actor, best known for starring in the leading role of Brian Finch in the CBS television comedy-drama, "Limitless," from September 2015 to April 2016?
Jake McDorman
The Cincinnati Reds record holder for most stolen bases by a rookie in a season is a native of which city ?
Taylorsville
In what year did the man who released "Fare Forward Voyagers" die from surgical complications?
2001
Who was the NFC team in the first Superbowl in which Dale Hamer was the head linesman?
Washington Redskins
Is the film Shore Things, and the film Air Force, Incorporated, both documentaries made by the same person?
no
Mobile, Alabama was home to a bassball player nicknamed what? 
"The Wizard"
Who were the directors of the 1960 Italian epic adventure film starring the actor best known for his starring role in 1954's historical epic "The Egyptian"?
Victor Tourjansky and Giorgio Rivalta
When did the Basketball Tournament which  Kansas played its final in  1996–97 incept 
1997
Are David Vincent and Troy Sanders members of the same band? 
no
Who introduced the composer of the musical score for "Kumkumacheppu" into the Malayalam film industry?
Dennis Joseph
 What do Ian Astbury and George Thorogood have in common?
singer and songwriter
Which actress plays in the American comedy film Flakes?
Zooey Deschanel
Who was born first John Wellborn Root or  Daniel Hudson Burnham? 
Daniel Hudson Burnham
Who directed more movies, Vincent Sherman or David Seltzer?
David Seltzer
Near what river is the library that contains the Aberdeen Bestiary located?
the River Thames
Which judge of Strictly Come Dancing is a professional ballroom dancer?
Len Goodman
A large distribution center is for a company with over 13,000 stores and what other company?
PetSmart
What film came first, King of the Grizzlies or The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh?
King of the Grizzlies
"Whatever It Is" a song by the Zac Brown Band, the song is the follow-up to the band's number-one debut single, which song whose frontman Zac Brown co-wrote it with Wyatt Durrette, and was first recorded in 2003 for the 2004 album "Home Grown"?
Chicken Fried
What country of origin does Patrick Brice and Creep have in common?
American
Where was Honest Ed's s store located at in Canada?
Toronto, Ontario
During the Indian Removals in Indiana, what is the name of the tribe whose name means "Stand here and there"?
The Kickapoo people
Debra Byrd has worked with which singer-songwriter?
Barry Manilow
Forward Records is owned by a former Lieutenant Governor of what state?
California
The Prince of Wales Glacier was named for what individual who was the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover?
Charles, Prince of Wales
Which casino located southeast of mainland china is billed as the largest casino in the world?
The Venetian Macao
Are Vincenzo Bellini and Mikhail Glinka of the same nationality?
no
What industry does Walt Aldridge and Adam Levine work in?
record producer
What English musician and DJ wrote Littlest Things?
Mark Ronson
Which Greek Australian film and television actor born in 1966 was in the film Renegade Force?
Louis Mandylor
In which year was the English character actor, who were active during the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s and appeared in Mayerling alongside Omar Sharif and Catherine Deneuve, born?
1907
Brandon Larracuente is known for his role in Bloodline which was produced by who?
Sony Pictures Television
George Raymond Jr was a member of a political party created in what year?
1964
Who is the director of the film with a character named Rose Tico?
Rian Johnson
Are Arshile Gorky and Eve Beglarian both painters?
no
Legoman's Great Escape is a short film by Mike Sidorov and Michael Soare about a Legoman whose mission is to escape the G.I. Joe infested house while desperately trying to stay alive, G.I. Joe is a line of action figures produced and owned by which toy company ?
Hasbro
What German Field Marshall was the uncle of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger, claimed to have ruined the Schlieffen Plan?
Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke
Tjeerd Eize Korf, a Dutch professional footballer from Flevoland, is the twelfth province of what country?
Netherlands
What period of usage does the Oxford English Dictionary specify for the language that the Findern Manuscript was written in?
1150 to 1500
Of the top three sections for the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, who is both a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and an alternate captain of the Colorado Avalanche organization of the National Hockey League?
Nathan MacKinnon
What is the birth date of the former Trump campaign manager who promoted Jack Posobiec's tweets?
August 27, 1952
Which charecter did Burt Kwouk in the 1993 film Son of the Pink Panther?
Cato
What is the nationality of the filmmaker that wrote and directed The Sinister Urge?
American
Which English writer argued that women outhg to have an education in her book from 1792?
Mary Wollstonecraft
When was the singer of "Funny Face" born? 
September 10, 1896
Which franchise carrier operates aircraft in full British Airways livery and has its main base at OR Tambo International Airport, Johannesburg?
Comair
Where was the awards ceremony that was hosted in 2007 by an American commercial broadcast television network headquartered on Pico Boulevard hosted?
Shrine Auditorium
The Fall of Zinjibar and Jaar occurred during the unrest in Yemen that began in what year?
2015
The 2012–13 Puebla season was the 66th professional season of a league currently sponsored by which company ?
BBVA
What football club based in Northwich, Cheshire did Roy Felton play for?
Northwich Victoria Football Club
Murat Šaran, is a former Bosnian professional footballer, he went on to play for Bor, Rijeka and Čelik, before making his move to Spain where he joined Levante for two seasons before retiring in which year?
1981
What Institute Founded in 1969 and with approximately 130 campuses in 38 states of the United States had an American actor sidelined his acting career and became an education supervisor?
ITT Technical Institute
Which film won the award for Best Film at the 14th Lumières Awards?
The Class
Are Archive and Young the Giant both rock groups?
yes
The composer of the ballet L'Île Enchantée has composed how many major orchestral works?
13
How many steel roller coasters of the same type as The Swarm are currently operating worldwide?
eight
Population of 778, what is Nassu County border to?
Queens
Which is headquartered farther north, FMC Corporation or Affiliated Managers Group?
Affiliated Managers Group
In what state did Anette Nell's flight crash? 
Georgia
Robert Armstrong-Jones the Welsh physician was what relation to Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon?
the grandfather
Are both Guiping and Hailin county level cities?
yes
Who had the longer career, Amy Lee or Jimi Hendrix?
Amy Lee
Who was born first Kenji Mizoguchi or Alain Tanner?
Kenji Mizoguchi
What is the nickname of the driver of the funny car, Brutus?
Jungle Jim
Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis Church was constructed on the orders of a monarch of the House of Bourban who ruled as King of France from 1610 until what year?
1643
Julia Hahn and Steve Bannon are both former employees of what news source?
Breitbart News
Lochner v. New York and New York v. Ferber where both handled by who?
United States Supreme Court
Which English actress and singer was in Calamity Jane?
Jodie Prenger
"Simon Turner" is the debut album of the singer and later film soundtrack composer Simon Fisher Turner, at the time Turner was being widely promoted in the UK pop press as a homegrown alternative to David Cassidy, he is known for his role as who?
Keith Partridge
On 5th August 2011 a "secret" letter to Italian government was written by Jean Claude Trichet and the Chairman of what?
the Financial Stability Board
When did the American singer-songwriter who sang "Welcome to New York" born?
December 13, 1989
Kofi Dzamesi (born 1960) is a Ghanaian engineer and politician, since February 2017 he has served as Minister of which official Ghanaian agency responsible the creation of linkages between the Government of Ghana and the traditional authorities in the country?
Ministry for Chieftaincy and Traditional Affairs
Who was the author of the book, on which Channel 4's 1982 film, for which Howard Blake wrote the soundtrack. is based ? 
Raymond Briggs,
Lenny Young is a collaborator on the stop motion film released in what year?
2000
Anna B. Sheppard has worked in films with which pioneer of the New Hollywood era?
Steven Allan Spielberg
Are Lesquerella and Thujopsis both names of a genus of flowering plants?
no
Who was born first Vladimir Voevodsky or Anatoly Maltsev 
Anatoly Ivanovich Maltsev
For what television show co-created by Richard Appel featured a pilot episode in which the main character visits his hometown of Stoolbend, Virginia?
"The Cleveland Show"
The Producers is a 2005 American musical comedy film directed by Susan Stroman, the film stars an ensemble cast, including which American comedian, actor and singer, best known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" from 1985 to 1990?
Jon Lovitz
Carnegie Library, funded by Scottish-American industrialist, Andrew Canegie, is located in which county in New York?
Niagara County
Are Eugene O'Neill and Russell Edson both illustrators?
no
Consider the cemetary in which the body of Marshall King is interred. In what year was it established?
1848
In what country is the artist who released Ice on Fire born?
1947
In which casino was this World Series of Poker discipline first offered?
Las Vegas Golden Nugget Casino
The actor that played the title role in "About Schmidt" was born in what year?
1937
What is the name of the album of Jay-Z that was released in 2001 and is ranked by Rolling Stone among the 500 greatest albums of all time?
The Blueprint
"Gotta Get to You" released in which year, is a song written Blaine Larsen, Jim Lauderdale and Jimmy Ritchey, and recorded by American country music artist George Strait, an American country music singer, songwriter, actor, and music producer?
2010
Who won the singles title at a 1973 tennis tournament held at a Los Angeles arena designed by architect Charles Luckman?
Margaret Court
What other title did the head coach have who coached the Bulldogs in 1982?
athletic director
Are both Diet Pepsi and Volvic carbonated drinks?
no
What singer, who originally sang a song included as the third single in Mel McDaniel's 1980 album "I'm Countryfied" had the nickname "Gentle Giant"?
Don Williams
What is the name of the regional transportation authority that includes the station which is proximal to Cira Centre South?
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
What South African record producer collaborated with a contemporary Canadian Rapper on the song "One Dance"?
DJ Maphorisa
The former head coach of the team that finished 11th place in the NBA's Western Conference in the 2011-12 season is now the head coach for which NBA team?
Indiana Pacers
Which song by Desiigner was featured on Kanye West's seventh studio album?
Panda
SS Cap Polonio's destination port was the leading transshipment point for foreign trade of which country in South America?
Argentina
 Hotham Alpine Resort is set on the slopes of a mountain that sits how far away from Melbourne ?
357 km
On what campus is the TCF Bank Stadium located in Downtown East, Minneapolis?
University of Minnesota
The university that Tramaine Brock attended is in which state?
Mississippi
Who is both a poet and a novelist, Tim O'Brien or Lavinia Greenlaw?
Lavinia Greenlaw
Which Soviet revolutionary and political leader created the Order of Maternal Glory?
Joseph Stalin
Who wrote the title song for an album by Audra McDonald and was born in 1964?
Adam Guettel
For which invention are both Christian Friedrich Schönbein, a the German-Swiss chemist and William Robert Grove, the Welsh judge and physical scientist given credit?
fuel cell
The documentary featuring the Flight director that guided the crew of Apollo 13 was produced what year?
2003
When Larry Johnson played for the UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team, in what state was his home team located?
Nevada
What year was the author of the fantasy short story and fairy tail "Dănilă Prepeleac" born?
1837
Bui National Park will be partly inundated by the reservoir of the hydroelectric project that is of what power?
400 MW
American heavy metal band Metallica released the song co-written by Kirk Hammett in which album that had five singles?
Metallica
Which was a fighter wing of the aerial warfare branch of the combined German Wehrmacht military forces during World War II?
"Jagdgeschwader" 70
Florence Reece, was an American social activist, poet, and folksong writer, and is best known for the song "Which Side Are You On?", which she wrote in which year, during the Harlan County War, or Bloody Harlan, was a series of coal mining-related skirmishes, executions, bombings, and strikes (both attempted and realized) that took place in Harlan County, Kentucky, during the 1930s?
1931
Is the documentary "The Bluffs Butcher" based on James Tillis, the boxer who was known as "Quick" due to his fast hand speed or Ron Stander, who challenged Joe Frazier for the heavyweight championship in 1972? 
Ron Stander
What is the vocal range of the performer on the 2010 album "Laws of Illusion"?
mezzo-soprano
Who was Brent Bennet's associate implicated alongside him in a human rights case regarding a jail in Afghanistan?
Jonathan Idema
Which occurred earlier, Operation Grenade or Lorraine Campaign?
Lorraine Campaign
Are Conrad Aiken and Mahatma Gandhi both poets?
no
Which film is more recent, Man of Aran or 51 Birch Street?
51 Birch Street
Who promotes the mall that hosts the 2017 Men's Asian Individual Squash Championship?
Express Infrastructure
Billy McFarland was charged with wire fraud in Manhattan federal court related to the organization of a festival that was scheduled to take place on what Bahamian island?
Great Exuma
Were Carl Maria von Weber and Claudio Monteverdi of different ethnicities?
yes
An analog board was used in which third model of the Macintosh line?
Macintosh Plus
Jason Pinkston played his entire football career for an NFL team that plays their home games at what stadium?
FirstEnergy Stadium
Are novelists Walter Van Tilburg Clark and Billie Letts both American? 
yes
Who was the "king's engineer" to the  King of Portugal, Naples, Sicily and Sardinia and Duke of Milan?
Tiburzio Spannocchi
What American lyricist born in 1928 co-wrote the screenplay for the musical film The Fantastics?
Tom Jones
What year was the actress who played Mim in Bucket born?
1941
Which former professional footballer became manager of Watford F.C. in July 2011?
Sean Dyche
Are Playboy and Fast Company published in the same country?
yes
Who is older, Mark Aguirre or Adrian Dantley?
Adrian Dantley
What is the population of the largest city in Trego County?
1,862
The WS-15, code name Emei, is a Chinese after burning turbofan engine, a stealth, twinjet, fifth-generation fighter aircraft developed by China's Chengdu Aerospace Corporation for what airforce?
People's Liberation Army Air Force
What Australian actor appeared in Encounter?
Luke Hemsworth
Who nominated the justice who wrote the majority opinion in the Supreme Court case Christopher v. SmithKline Beecham Corp?
President George W. Bush
Who was born first Ion Creangă or Ion Luca Caragiale ?
Ion Creangă
what american writer and editor had a "time" magazing Top 10 Nonfiction Book in 2011 and is a contributing editor of "Harper's Magazine"?   A: John Jeremiah Sullivan 
John Jeremiah Sullivan
Where is the University which carries the name of William Taylor located?
Upland, Indiana, United States
Sherpi Kangri and Kangpenqing, are related to which land mass?
mountain
Madonna and William Friedkin, are of which nationality?
American
What year did the author of The Mummy's Foot die?
1872
The 2017 Los Angeles Chargers season is the franchise's 48th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 58th overall and the first under which former American football running back and current head coach for the Los Angeles Chargers of the NFL?
Anthony Lynn
Which Rugby tournaments does Brett Herron's team compete in?
Pro14 and the European Rugby Champions Cup
What was the father of Vaiva the common Baltic god of?
thunder
What item was used by Mariana Kovacevic to heal the football striker Asamoah Gyan during the 2012 African Cup of Nations?
horse placenta
What country of origin does Mad Over You and Runtown have in common?
Nigerian
The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) is a conservative nonprofit investigative research organization located in Tallahassee, Florida, The group is known for its involvement with the publication of the investigative books "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich", Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich is  a "New York Times" bestselling book, released in which year?
2015
What items could you find delivered to Trout Creek, Utah?
messages, newspapers, and mail.
Which hatchback small family car will be the car of the category during the 2011 Super Copa Telcel?
SEAT León
No. 11 Squadron RAAF was based at what base, 25 km north of Adelaide?
RAAF Base Edinburgh
What comedy film did American actor Andy Samberg star in that was released on Netflix on January 20, 2017?
Take the 10
Who hosted the event that Thai decathlete won gold at?
Bhubaneswar
Are Ben Okri and Nicholas Evans both novelists?
yes
What is the apparent magnitude of the spiral galaxy discovered by Frank Leavenworth?
15.18
Ben Poquette graduated from which university established in 1892?
Central Michigan University
Shadows Wake Me was produced by guitarist Ken Myhr, who previously worked with such artists as Jane Siberry and Cowboy Junkies, a Canadian alternative band of what genre(s)?
country/blues/folk rock
 The leader of the Crimean Karaites followed Şahin Giray to what protectress who was the country's longest-ruling female leader and arguably its most renowned?
Catherine II
How many albums has the artist who made Bramble Rose made?
seven
The 2014 single Bigroom Blitz featured an American rapper that was born in this year?
1987
When did the King who the most valuable sovereign was struck for die?
28 May 1972
The suburb east of Christie Downs has what land area?
12.76 km²
What Irish footballer joined Pacific Films in 1950?
John Francis O'Shea
The person who bought the cottage on Round Island in 1995 was born in what month?
July
Kasper Schmeichel is the son of the footballer who played at what position?
goalkeeper
Who illustrated the books on which the Paddington animated television programme is based?
Peggy Fortnum
Which airport is located in North Dakota, Grand Forks International Airport or Knox County Regional Airport?
Grand Forks International Airport
"Falling Away from Me" is a song by American band Korn, was released as the first single from their fourth album "Issues", debuting in an episode of Comedy Central's animated series "South Park", entitled "Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery", it was the which number episode of the third season, and the 41st overall?
tenth
The SS-owned company that funded a Nazi association to raise the birth rate of "Aryan" children was created to market a reflector invented by which employee of Hitler?
chauffeur
Who distributed the first in it's series film which Rick Yune played a notable role in?
Universal Pictures
Which musician has been ranked on more lists, Eric Clapton or Ann Wilson?
Eric Patrick Clapton
In what state is the national guard base that is name for America's most successful fighter ace in World War I?
Ohio
In what town with a population less than 600 could one have found the attraction, World's Largest Farm Tractor, in 1998?
Big Sandy, Montana
All Mine, is the second track, and first single, from which English band's, self-titled second album?
Portishead
Which is farther east, Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport or Cheyenne Regional Airport?
Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport
What American rock band that was "one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the 80's" is featured in KSPN's AAA format? 
Talking Heads
What kind of animal is the Yorkshire Terrier and the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel?
dog
What producer did David Juskow work with while filming The Wrestler?
Darren Aronofsky
Who has been on the most missions to space, Michael Foale or Charles Simonyi?
Michael Foale
What eight-time medalist in the Winter Olympics hosted Minute to Win It?
Apolo Ohno
Buena Vista Canal and Love Canal, are located in the United States?
yes
Which documentary film was released first, Station to Station or Black Chicks Talking?
Black Chicks Talking
Are both Chamaelirium and Hovea flowering plants?
no
Traitor's Ford can be seen in a film that is a sequel to what other movie?
"Three Men and a Baby"
Hotline is a film that starred which psychic spokeswoman?
Youree Dell Harris
Who has been to space more times, Hans Schlegel or Frank De Winne?
Hans Wilhelm Schlegel
Have Abbas Kiarostami and Stuart Baird both produced films?
yes
What 2013 superhero film did Christopher Townsend work on?
Iron Man 3
Ivan Rival is a professor of computer science at a univeristy located in what residential neighbourhood?
Sandy Hill
What is the birthdate of this American television executive and media consultant, who was a media consultant and for whom Gabriel Sherman wrote a biography?
May 15, 1940
Finnair, the largest airline of Finland, is a member of what airline alliance founded on February 1, 1999?
Oneworld
within which ancient kingdom located in present-day Eritrea is Aksumite currency used 
Kingdom of Aksum
Which singer, born in 1977, shared the stage with an American bluegrass singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist known as the "the new Queen of Bluegrass"?
Rebecca Rippy
Who wrote the music for the muscial based on L. Frank Baum's book whose title is commonly shortened to The Land of Oz?
Frederic Chapin
Which Canadian team is the former coach of the 2003 Hawaii Warriors football team now coaching?
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
What member of Cantopop group Twins makes a special appearance in the film Love on the Rocks?
Charlene Choi
Who portrayed Nevil Shed in the movie based on a true story surrounding the events leading to the 1966 NCAA University Division Basketball Championship?
Al Shearer
Fire Squad is from the album released on what date?
December 9, 2014
What is the name of the local government area near Kersbrook, South Australia?
Adelaide Hills Council
Which United States Secretary of War under Franklin Pierce was elected President under the Provisional Confederate States Constitution?
Jefferson Davis
Who released the singles "I Hope You Dance" and "Call Me Crazy"?
Lee Ann Womack
What is the birthday of the woman Romy Ruyssen fought in the first Invicta Fighting Championships?
March 31, 1981
Of the cities Abdiel Vázquez has lived in, which one was the capital of Nuevo Leon?
Monterrey
What are the masks that Bill Johnson's character in the 1986 horror film made of?
human skin
Are Miles Kane and The Libertines from England?
yes
To whom did J. Walter Duncan sell the USFL team who played home games at Giants Stadium in 1983?
Donald Trump
What genre is the Dumb and Dumber Moive?
gross-out humor
What is the population of the small town with an Air Force Base 7 mi northeast of Sacramento, California?
743
Which Magnolia actor was also a United States Navy Combat veteran in World War II?
Jason Robards
What sitcom aired on NBC and Yahoo had a character named Michelle Slater (played by American actress Lauren Stamile)?
Community
Are Veronica and Ulex both in the flowering plant family?
yes
What state is Ruxton Park and Pikes Peak located in?
Colorado
The satellite Bianca is named after the sister of Katherine in a Shakespeare's play believed to be written between what years?
1590 and 1592
Which German music group produced the song "Rhythm Is a Dancer" as well as the album "The Madman's Return"?
Snap!
What guitarist worked with both Earl Slick and Siouxsie and the Banshees?
Robert Smith
Are Hal Ashby and Ciro Ippolito of the same nationality?
no
Where did the fictional character portrayed in Ragnarok film first appreared?
Journey into Mystery
Where was one of the vocalists in Celtic Woman: Voices of Angels, who is known for her roles playing Sandy in "Grease" and Elle in "Legally Blonde," born?
Dublin, Ireland
Santon Bridge is a small village in Copeland, Cumbria, England, at a bridge over the River Irt, The Bridge Inn is the venue for which annual competition for telling lies, held in Cumbria, England?
World's Biggest Liar
Which Shakespearean heroine was played by Bryce Dallas Howard in the 2006 film directed by Kenneth Branagh?
Rosalind
The band who released "Take It All Back" also released what EP themed around worship?
First Fruits
What castle owned by Sir Ernest Wills has been a base for Menzies Clan Chief David Steuart Menzies?
Meggernie Castle
Half magic is written by which american actress who also starred in the television series Twin Peaks?
Heather Graham
When was the 2016 head coach of the New York Giants born?
July 9, 1977
Realex Payments provides services for this Irish bookmaker founded in Dublin Ireland in what year?
1988
The season in which "The Death Camp of Tolerance" was an episode in began airing on what date?
March 6, 2002
Which wrestler from Kickboxer: Vengeance was born January 18, 1969?
David Michael Bautista Jr.
The man known as the Unabomber in the world of poker is of what nationality? 
Irish
What animator worked on the 25th Disney animated feature film, as well as "Beauty and The Beast" and many others?
David Pruiksma
Which single seater auto-racing formula did 1977 Can-Am season series used
Formula 5000
Twisted Colossus was featured in which 1983 American road comedy?
National Lampoon's Vacation
Which company is in the discount travel market, The Walt Disney Company or Priceline.com?
Priceline.com
Where is the American film director based in who's one of the film is The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film?
Britain
Which snooker player made the final of the 2017 China Championship and the nickname "The Magician"?
Shaun Murphy
Tons of Sobs is the debut album by which English rock band formed in London in 1968, best known for their 1970 signature song "All Right Now"?
Free
William Sadler had a role in the sci-fi comedy film by which director?
Pete Hewitt
In what year was a constituency created by a British Conservative party representative?
1974
What is the population of the only town that starts with an "E" that Nokomis Regional High School accepts students from?
1,246
The Philippine dance similar to Cheraw dance originated in what era?
the Spanish colonial era
"A Wild Pear" features an interview by which Canadian interviewer and musician born on July 5, 1968?
Nardwuar the Human Serviette
What country does Hezhou and Dongning, Heilongjiang share?
southeastern Heilongjiang province, China.
Which team that participated in the 1922 SAFL Grand Final has the home base located in an inner-western suburb of Adelaide?
West Adelaide Football Club
The Last Word and Orgasm, are which type of drinks?
cocktail
What person was known for both Peston on Sunday and the Northern Rock crisis?
Robert Peston
Which of Lodoicea and Privet. has more species?
Privet
What was Rihanna's second single from her 2006 album "A Girl Like Me," written by Ne-Yo?
Unfaithful
This man finished third in the 1951 Pau Grand Prix and also was the Italian champion in what years?
1937, 1938 and 1939
What member of the Big 12 Conference and competes in NCAA Division I, fielding 16 varsity teams, had an American college wrestling icon considered one of the best American amateur wrestlers in recent history?
Iowa State Cyclones
Which is an indie band, Days of the New or Archers of Loaf?
Archers of Loaf
Which Hungarian racing driver, born in 1978, is competing in an international Touring Car championship?
István Bertold Bernula
H. Frank Carey Junior-Senior High School serves students in the census-designated place in what New York county?
Nassau
Which movie produced by Uri Singer stars the actress who won critical acclaim with her appearance as Lydia Deetz in Tim Burton's "Beetlejuice"?
"Experimenter"
What Manhattan school did the American filmmaker Sebastian Sommer study at?
Tisch School of the Arts
When was the English former professional footballer who played as a centre-back born with whom Chris Jones played?
7 November 1978
Who released a version of a song a few days earlier than the artist born as Geoffrey Beck?
The Attack
What fighter, trained by Riku Immonen, knocked out Andy Ogle in 8 seconds in a UFC fight?
Makwan Amirkhani
The Audi RS4 quattro is the top tier and highest performing version of some specific generations of the Audi A4 range of automobiles, it slots distinctly above the Audi S4, the original Audi S4, built from 1991 until which year?
1994
Mario Mazzacurati won the 1936 South African Grand Prix with what type of car that was founded in 1909 in the then German city of Molsheim, Alsace?
Bugatti
Which was published first The Liberator Magazine or Video Watchdog?
Video Watchdog
Ghosts comes from a slang term that applies to what type of ethnicities?
European
The municipality where the seat of the government of Montenegro was formerly known as what during 1946 and 1992?
Titograd
Who created the soft drink that is older than Hires Root Beer?
James Vernor
Voice actor Richard White appeared in Disney's House of Mouse during what all night marathon in 2002?
On September 2, 2002, an all night marathon of this show titled "Night of 1000 Toons" aired on Toon Disney.
Are Fran Healy and Jas Mann both Scottish?
no
Who owns the football club that Ángel Adán López Sandoval plays for?
FEMSA
Are both Martin Heidegger and Lytton Strachey from the same country?
no
Brooklyn Community Board 1 is delimited by  3.5 mi long tributary containing an estimated how many USgal of spilled oil?
30000000
Which political party did the son of Lev Sedov become the leader of?
Communist Party
In which of the 13 countries that Telenor owns networks is Grameen Telecom located?
Bangladesh
What is the name of this 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall, released February 9, 2010 via Big Machine Records?
Valentine's Day
U.S. Route 27 in Kentucky, runs 190.785 miles from the Tennessee border to the Ohio border, it crosses into the state at which reservoir in Kentucky?
Lake Cumberland
"Good Goodbye" is a promotional single by American rock band Linkin Park, featuring guest vocals from American rapper Pusha T and English hip hop artist Stormzy, the song is a promotional single from their seventh studio album, "One More Light", released on which date through Warner Bros?
May 19, 2017
Jim Courier and Elena Likhovtseva are both famous athletes in what sport?
tennis
Buster Pearson toured with the reggae artist whose recordings were produced at what studio?
Stax Records
Grazia and JJ are both what?
magazine
Chocolate Starfish Tour was a tour by the band Limp Bizkit to support which of their albums?
Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water
who was a character in A midsummer's night dream as well as the name of Carl Maria von Weber's opera?
Oberon
Which of these two act operas, Lucrezia Borgia or Il pirata, was based on a three-act melodrame? 
Il pirata
What is I Gusti Bayu Sutha's favorite music genre?
pop
In what country is Mashorey located?
Afghanistan
Rumours, engineered by Ken Caillat, is the eleventh studio album for what British-American rock band?
Fleetwood Mac
What is the birthday of the actor who starred in movies like Flyboys, Milk, Pineapple Express and Rise of the Planet of the Apes?
April 19, 1978
Which 1961 British comedy film directed by Edward Buzzell takes its title from an English language nursery rhyme of nineteenth-century American origin?
Mary Had a Little…
Are Lee Ranaldo and Morrissey of the same nationality?
yes
What is the speciality of the English man who studies the French composer who wrote the motet "Illibata Dei virgo nutrix"?
English musicologist
What british literary critic lauded Stephen Booth's essay "On the Value of Hamlet"?
Frank Kermode
What extended play in the album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, released on October 24, was released on July 15, 2008 by Big Machine Records exclusively to Walmart stores in the United States and online?
Beautiful Eyes
Does the Inula genus or the Fouquieria genus have more species?
Inula
At which world recognized festival did Stephen Ouimette perform on stage?
Stratford Festival
What was geared toward children, Glamour or Disney Adventures?
Disney Adventures
The Sikorsky R-4 was a two-seat helicopter designed by a man that won the highest awardat the 1912 Moscow Aviation Exhibition for what airplane? 
S-6-A
Paul Motian and Don Manoukian, are of which nationality?
American
Todd Woodbridge and Radek Štěpánek, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
What coming-of-age thriller did a great-nephew of John F. Kennedy star in?
Go North
Sam Panopoulos is credited as the inventor of a pizza topped with tomato sauce, cheese, pineapple, and Canadian bacon or what?
ham
Destabilise is a single by a British rock band formed i St Albans, Hertfordshire, England, under what name?
Hybryd
The Boston Patriots had five wins and nine losses in 1960 under this head coach who played for which university as a college student?
Indiana University
Name the far right French political movement, whose name was given to a journal, and who went on to influence Acción Española, a Spanish cultural association active during the Second Spanish Republic?
Action Française
Guilderland High School is part of a school district with how many students?
approximately 5,700
Are Blag Dahlia and Henry Paul both Americans?
yes
The song "Ali Bomaye" appearing in the soundtrack to "Grand Theft Auto V" is sung by which American rapper?
The Game
Who was member of the Hanbali school of jurisprudence founded by Ahmad ibn Hanbal, Ibn Taymiyyah or Ibn Yunus
Taqī ad-Dīn Ahmad ibn Taymiyyah
In what year was the news publication, which named Stéphane Hessel in its list of top global tinkers, founded?
1970
It's Alive stars an American actress who, at age 13, became one of the youngest people to appear on the cover of what?
Italian Vogue
Sons of Elvis and The Wedding Present, have which genre in common?
rock
Which city in New South Wales has both a newspaper called The Democrat and is responsible for the government of the local area?
Lithgow
Don Chafin was a commander in a battle that took place in which year ?
1921
What year were American musicians Paul Collins and Blackie Lawless both born?
1956
Who's band band is also associated with the careers of Eydie Gorme and an American composer, conductor and arranger, who is best remembered for his film and television scores ?
Gordon Lee "Tex" Beneke
Are Yeager Airport and Albert J. Ellis Airport located in the same country?
yes
What was the original title during production of the film that stars Robert Davi as villian Franz Sanchez?
"Licence Revoked"
Which of the following is a film director known for quota quickies: George King or Jean Genet?
George King
The lake boaters and coastal cruisers produced by Holiday mansion manufacturing company are popular on what estuary in Maryland and Virginia?
Chesapeake Bay
Which MLB organization which Lou Dials played for has a current majority owner named Peter Angelos?
Baltimore Orioles
"Simple Song #3" is the lead single from a 2015 Italian comedy film set where? 
Swiss Alps
What is the nationality of the actress who plays Brittany in "Sexy"?
American
MaryAnn Mihychuk, is a Canadian politician from Manitoba, she served as Minister of Employment, Workforce and Labour in the federal Cabinet until the January 10, 2017 cabinet shuffle by Justin Trudeau, a Canadian politician, he's the 23rd and current Prime Minister of Canada and leader, of which organization?
Liberal Party
What television network hosted the show in which Matt Ryan played the character John Constantine?
NBC
Which game has more pieces, King of Tokyo or Tsuro?
King of Tokyo
What game was presented by Citi took place at an outdoor athletic stadium in Pasadena, California, just outside Los Angeles?
2007 Rose Bowl
In what year did this criminal group, formed by former soldiers of the Mexican Armed Forces and Founded by Nabor Vargas Garcia, break away from their former employer and form their own criminal organization?
2010
Which Japanese entertainment company released the game International Superstar Soccer 2?
Konami
Was Sam Roberts signer to Universal (Canada) before or after the disbanding of Bikini Kill?
After
Which family does the writer particularly discussed about their political activities in his book Dark Money?
Koch family
What was the type of rifle used by a famous assassin who spent the night at the Ruth Paine Home on November 21st, 1963 
a 6.5×52mm Carcano Model 91/38 infantry rifle
Between 1815 and 1830 what was the name of the country physician Johannes Lijdius Catharinus Pompe van Meerdervoort  was originally from?
The United Kingdom of the Netherlands
Was Paul Day in more bands than the number of teams Marcus Cooper played for? 
no
What other films is the actor known for playing Sergeant Leo Barnes known for?
Warrior" (2011), "The Grey" (2012), "End of Watch" (2012) and "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012)
Guadarrama National Park and Teide National Park, are national parks located in which country?
Spain
TerraTrike is based in a city that is on the Grand River about thirty miles east of what?
Lake Michigan
Are Costus and Boenninghausenia plants both found in the Americas?
no
In the mathematical study of cellular automata, Rule 90 is an elementary cellular automaton based on the exclusive or function, call it "the simplest non-trivial cellular automaton", and it is described extensively in Stephen Wolfram's book, released in what year, "A New Kind of Science", Wolfram, a British-American computer scientist, physicist, and businessman?
2002
What song did Lisbeth Scott co-write and perform for a movie which grossed nearly 6 times its budget despite generally negative reviews?
"Good To Me"
Athrun Zala is a fictional character from the Japanese science fiction anime television series "Mobile Suit Gundam SEED", which Canadian voice actor plays his voice in English  ?
Samuel Vincent
Which originated first, Basset Bleu de Gascogne or Parson Russell Terrier
Basset Bleu de Gascogne
Which band is Scottish, Electronic or The Delgados?
The Delgados
What year did the Video Scandals come out that involved the entrepreneur who founded the El Independiente? 
political scandals in Mexico in 2004
The Plymouth City Airport was officially opened by a man that was King of the UK until what year?
1936
What was the film debut for the actress starring in the cult science fiction film written and directed by Joe Cornish?
Venus
Where is the men's professional club basketball based on in which Gustavo Nicolás Aguirre currently plays?
Buenos Aires, Argentina
The Neoclassical monument Benito Juárez Hemicycle is located in this city of Mexico that consists of how many municipalities?
sixteen
Who produced the 1980's sitcom starring Janet Dibley?
London Weekend Television
Who started their musical career first Julian Cope or Screaming Trees?
Julian David Cope
Juan Álvarez plays as a defender for a Mexican football club that was founded in what year?
1945
What year was the latest recipient of The European Film Award for Best Actor released?
2015
 JJ Project was formed by JYP Entertainment and debuted as a part of a seven member group whose first EP peak at number one on which "Billboards" chart?
World Albums Chart
What 2017 documentary film imagines a journey by a person also known as Edith Swanneck?
Edith Walks
 Who flew on a 1985 Space Shuttle "Challenger" mission as a Payload Specialist, Claude Nicollier or  Lodewijk van den Berg?
Lodewijk van den Berg
When was the political party, which along with the Socialist Workers Movement are the chief contributors to the United Left in Argentina, founded
1918
What large village is serviced by the Kings Langley railway station and was mentioned in the Domesday Book under the name of Langelai?
Abbots Langley
The Australian band AC/DC's Bonfire inlcuded a remastered version of this album that was produced by which producer?
Robert John "Mutt" Lange
Lewis Shay McGugan was a midfielder who played for which professional association football from Sheffield, England?
Sheffield Wednesday
Orchis Fatalis starred the actor and writer of what nationality?
British
Ryan Teeter is currently racing in the 2017 GP3 Series, which is a motor racing feeder series that runs in support of which FIA championship?
Formula One World Championship
Until 2010, who led the electoral alliance of which Mónica Troadello was a part?
Néstor Kirchner
In what year was Louis Joseph de Frances's mother born?
1755
Which American screen writer won a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on "The West Wing", and also wrote "Sportsnight" and "The Newsroom"?
Aaron Sorkin
Pedro Mascarenhas was the first to explore the island atoll that comprises what landform?
Chagos Archipelago
997 is the internal designation for the Porsche 911 model manufactured and sold by German manufacturer Porsche between 2004 (as Model Year 2005) and 2012, Targa versions of the Carrera 4 and Carrera 4S were also available, which carry on with the "glass canopy" roof design used on all Targa 911s from the Type 993 Generation 911 until the 991, which replaced it in 2012, 993 is the company's internal name for the version of the Porsche 911 model manufactured and sold between late 1993, and early of what year?
1998
Which has more films associated with it The Silent World or Zeitgeist
Zeitgeist
Which grouo released the album, "Pale Sun, Cresent Moon"?
Cowboy Junkies
What is the elevation of the stadium where the 2006 Las Vegas Bowl was played?
1600 ft above sea level
Were both King Roger and Measure for Measure written by William Shakespeare?
no
Alycia Jasmin Debnam-Carey, is an Australian actress, in 2016, she starred in the German film "Friend Request", an English-language German supernatural-psychological horror film, directed by who?
Simon Verhoeven
Sometimes called fabulism, what genre of art was Alexander Kanoldt known for?
Magical realism
WNYC Studios is a producer and distributor of podcasts and on-demand and broadcast audio, it produces and distributes several podcasts including which titled podcast hosted by Jessica Williams of "The Daily Show" and Phoebe Robinson of "Broad City"?
2 Dope Queens
The Justice Collective was originally established as a fund-raising record raising money for the various charities associated with a crush that occurred in the two standing-only central pens in the Leppings Lane stand allocated to what? 
Liverpool supporters
What group is responsible for the award in quantum electronics associated with both maser and laser devices?
The Optical Society
What national park contains Geology that shapes the Pacific Northwest region of the United Stated and Canada?
Lassen Volcanic National Park
The Columbian Iron Works and Dry Dock Company is adjacent to what historical American coastal pentagonal bastion fort best known for its role in the War of 1812?
Fort McHenry
The Emerald Wand of Oz was published by the comapny that is headquartered in what city?
New York City
Frank Bungarten is a classical guitarist from Germany, in 1981, he got noticed in the international guitar scene, when Andrés Segovia Torres, 1st Marquis of Salobreña, a virtuoso Spanish classical guitarist from Linares, Spain, honored him with the first prize at which event?
Guitar Competition of Granada
What former Detroit Pistons player hosted a talkshow on MTV in 1996? 
Dennis Rodman
"Angels Crying" is the first single from which album released by Swedish singer also known as Eriksson? 
"Last Man Standing"
What was the first residency show of the pop singer that represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012? 
En Euforisk Jul
Who played Touchstone in the 2006 film of Shakespeare's As You Like It?
Alfred Molina
What was the 2010 population of the city where The Lansing State Journal is published?
114,297
What building was added to the National Register of Historic Places at the same time as the oldest building on Monument Square?
McCarthy Building
What year was the debut single of the singer of "3am (Pull Up)"?
2008
Jennifer Lynch and Douglas Sirk, have which mutual occupation?
film director
The first major project for the Roller Coaster Corporation of America was renamed, and is now called what?
Iron Rattler
Which player on the 1979-80 Manchester United team has also been a football coach and manager with Queens Park Rangers?
Ray Wilkins
Wharton appeared as The Hippy in a comedy film written and directed by who?
Martin McDonagh
On which island of New Zealand is the city where Diocletian is from located?
North Island
Which Irish rebel and patriot is the Irish folk band "The Wolfe Tones," known for their album Sing Out for Ireland, named after?
Theobald Wolfe Tone
What star of the Allegheny Uprising was original known as "Marion Mitchell Morrison"?
John Wayne
What television network features a reality show that stars a former American football and baseball player who now works as an analyst for CBS sports?
Oxygen
Charles Hutchison and William K. Howard were simultaneously active in the film industry between what years?
1921 to 1946
Tommy Lee Jones and Marshall Neilan, are of which nationality?
American
Heart on My Sleeve is a song first released by which Australian singer?
Michael Johns
Which album's proceeds benefited the John Coltrane Home located in Suffolk County,New York?
Offering: Live at Temple University
What age was the American social entrepeneur who was one of eight who got killed in 2015 when an Amtrak train travelling from Washington, D.C. to New York City derailed?
39
Laure Gardette edited the 2013 French drama film directed by whom?
François Ozon
We are able to see comets through binoculars with the aid of what magnifying devices?
telescopes
Even though Big Stone Gap takes place in Virginia, where is Adriana Trigiani based?
Greenwich Village, New York City
Are both Maurice Blanchot and Georges Simenon writers?
yes
Are both White Town and Starsailor musical acts with the same number of performers? 
no
During which war did the commander serve the "Tropic Lightening"? 
Korean War
Johnny Pemberton plays the character Bo Thompson on a NBC sitcom created by who?
Justin Spitzer
Celebration was recorded by the singer who was a leading presence when what cable channel premiered?
MTV
Chimpanzee and Johnny Tremain, are both media of what type?
film
Natasha Wightman was in the 2005 dystopian thriller directed by whom?
James McTeigue
Which country did the footballer, who played striker for the Atlético Madrid, play for the national team?
Spain
Which country is the TV channel that hosted "Yo,Guillermo" located in? 
Argentina
What movies and shows has Emilie de Ravin been in as Belle
Once Upon a Time
Were Tomáš Šmíd and Fabrice Santoro both professional tennis players?
yes
Which Ghanaian district capital shares its name with a number of other towns in Ghana and is located in one of the new districts created in 2008? 
Nsuta
Guiping and Linxia City are both what?
county-level city
Southridge mall is tied to the largest or second largest mall in state?
largest mall
The Canterbury cap is descended from an ancient headcovering originally worn where?
Ancient Greece
In what city do you find a a railway halt near a Castle overlooking the Firth of Clyde?
South Ayrshire, Scotland
Edsger Wybe Dijkstra (] ; 11 May 1930 – 6 August 2002) was a Dutch computer scientist and an early pioneer in many research areas of computing science who held the Schlumberger Centennial Chair in Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin from 1984 until his retirement in 1999, he was a professor of mathematics (1962–1984), at which university of technology located in Eindhoven, Netherlands?
Eindhoven University of Technology
Where was the rock band whose song released in June 2001 that topped the Adult 40 for 23 weeks from?
Los Angeles, California
July 31, 1912 this Nobel Prize winner in Economic Sciences founded EdChoice?
Milton Friedman
What year was the band who released Signs of Light formed?
2009
What type of game are both Total Overdoes and Chili Con Carnage?
third-person shooter
Who is the president of organization that Forrest Griffin vs. Stephan Bonnar was thought to be one of the greatest fights in history?
Dana White
Which ReDRagon member was born on March 1, 1987 ?
Kyle O'Reilly
Which American black comedy film did Peter Berg directed 
Very Bad Things
What film with actor Barry Keoghan was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or?
Killing of a Sacred Deer
What day of the week did a Finnish children's TV show shown from 1961 to 1968 about brids also known as psittacines of the roughly 393 species in 92 genera that make up the order Psittaciformes?
Sunday
Jim Bambra has contributed to which single-player role-playing gamebooks?
Fighting Fantasy
Who has more citizenship, Ferenc Molnár or Orhan Pamuk?
Ferenc Molnár
Are Kevin Woo and Epic Mazur both male?
yes
Which one is a genus of perennial herbaceous, Gladiolus or Chelone?
Chelone
What is the birthdate of this English former footballer who played as a striker and who played for the 2012-13 Sheffield United F.C. season?
21 January 1980
How much retail space is in the major development in London that holds Gordon Ramsay's restaurant, Bread Street Kitchen?
220000 sqft
What was the birthname of the bisexual model born on October 15, 1971 that appeared in the Men magazine?
Andy Bick
The Knicks-Nuggests brawl was the most penalized on-court fight since an infamous brawl 2 years earlier in what city?
Auburn Hills, Michigan
Siegfried and Idomeneo are both what type of performances?
music
Which canal ran longer, Sandy and Beaver Canal or Beaver and Erie Canal?
Beaver and Erie Canal
On January 30, 2017, Elaine Duke was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security under a man born in which year ?
1950
Is The American Ruling Class and Stevie a film?
yes
 What industry are both Donald Sawyer and Roger Corman apart of
film
Are the rock bands Travis and Shiny Toy Guns from the same country?
no
The lead vocalist of the band Vega4 is from what Northern Irish town?
Derry
Who coached the team for which Oliver Ross played college football? 
Matt Campbell
Which member of Trumps 2017 administration defeated Rodney Stooksberry in the 2016 general election?
Tom Price
how is In Good Company and Scarlett Johansson connected?
film
In which city is this American banker, businessman, investor, poker player, and amateur mathematician who founded the launch vehicle development company Beal Aerospace currently based?
Dallas
Who directed the film that Meher Vij aced in in 2015?
Kabir Khan
Give Me a Home Among the Gumtrees was an entry to replace what song attributed to John Bull?
God Save the Queen
Did Noah and The Virgins have the same number of members and their start?
yes
What decade did Axl Rose and Masatoshi Ono vie for musical popularity?
1980s
What year was Ray McKinnon, who wrote, and produced the film Chrystal, born?
1957
Do the films "Return to Oz" and "Cars 3" have the same director?
no
Which movie came out first Go Further or Pumping Iron ?
Pumping Iron
Who were the parents of the singer, who covered the song "So Sad About Us" and has a half-brother named David Cassidy?
Shirley Jones and Jack Cassidy
Who wrote this 1987 Newberry Honor-winning young-adult wilderness survival novel and the fifth and final novel of that same series, called Brian's Hunt?
Gary Paulsen
The Hôtel de Crillon is located on what major public square in Paris?
The Place de la Concorde
Which Japanese animator and film director was also credited as "Yoshihiro Wanibuchi," and directed the 2006 movie Paprika?
Satoshi Kon
Which animal comic book short story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks featured an anthropomorphic white duck with a yellow-orange bill, legs, and feet?
Truant Officer Donald
The actor that played Larry "Pinto" Kroger in "Animal House" stars with Robert De Niro and Kenneth Branagh in a 1994 horror film directed by who?
Kenneth Branagh
Who was born first out of Ash Lieb and Robert Frost?
Robert Lee Frost
Which artist painted a portrait of Pieter Cnoll, the Director General in Batavia, and his family?
Jacob Coeman
Ulrich of Eppenstein served as an abbot for an Abbey located in which city in Switzerland ?
St. Gallen
Jack Hoffman was introduced to the current running back for which team while the player was at the University of Nebraska?
New England Patriots
What is the genre of the 1998 film that Haunting Me was featured in?
science fiction teen horror
Which breed of dog is larger, the German Pinscher or the Cirneco dell'Etna?
The German Pinscher
What is the Indian name meaning of the town in which Robert H. Reny opened his first store?
"river of little fish"
Cotton Mather was politically influential in what oldest defined region in the US?
New England
What actress starred in Poor Pretty Eddie, and as Kizzy Reynolds "Roots"?
Leslie Uggams
Mahatma Gandhi led India to independence through nonviolent civil disobedience which was sometimes referred to as what?
obstructive program
The author of "The Origins of Totalitarianism" was born in what country?
German-born
Who was the American actor who starred in "Maniac Cop" and "Bubba Ho Tep"?
Bruce Campbell
The work of philosophy and social criticism known as the "Dialectic of Enlightenment" was written, in part, by Theodor W. Adorno, a philosopher, sociologist, and composer know for for his critical theory of what?
society
What radio station premiered Within Temptation's first single "Faster" from their fifth studio album on January 21,2011?
96.3 Rock Radio
What is the english literally translated name of the Canadian team which Michel Dubois played a part of two WHA seasons with?
Quebec City Northmen
Alisha Daniels is a fictional character from the television show Misfits which airs on which British public-service television broadcaster?
Channel 4
Which American television series stars, as its main character, the American Actor and Comedian noted for his "Perfect Fool" comedy character?
The Twilight Zone
What kind of voice did the vocalist for You're a Mean One, Mr. Grinch record for Jolly Holiday?
singing animal voices
Which plant is grown as an ornamental species, Notholirion or Bomarea?
Bomarea
The British National Party (BNP) subscribes to what form of radical authoritarian nationalism?
Fascism
What type of category does Origanum and Athyrium have in common?
genus
The Woman is Dangerous stars an American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and what else?
stage showgirl
What is the nationality of the actor who played the role of George Dunlop in the film Shoot the Moon?
English
The actor Michael Keaton play a role that opened what restaurant in 1954?
McDonald's fast food chain
Ethan Phillips plays the character Neelix in what sci-fi tv series?
""
Are Joshua Dugdale and Richard Benjamin both actors?
no
Francis Farewell Starlite is an American musician, producer, songwriter, and is the frontman of which American musical group project?
Francis and the Lights
Nita Kumar completed her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in History and has taught at the University of Chicago, Brown University, and the University of Michigan among other places, she presently holds the Brown Family Chair of South Asian History at which independent, coeducational and private liberal arts college with a curricular emphasis on economics, finance, international relations, government and public affairs, located in Claremont, California, United States?
Claremont McKenna College (CMC)
In what county is the company that KZQD is licensed to located?
Seward County
Are Trevor McNevan and Leslie West both citizens on the same country?
no
What genuses does Pleioblastus and Tibouchina belong to?
Melastomataceae Juss
Henry Cejudo beat Besarion Gochashvili and others to became the Olympic champion 55 kg freestyle wrestler, in which year?
2008
When was the company that published Casey Rae's book, Music Copyright in Practice: An Authoritative Guide, founded ? 
1949
Daniel Johns and Justin Currie both did what in their respective music groups?
singer and songwriter
 Naneun Ggomsuda made a satire song based on the 19th-century Christian hymn by whom?
Sarah Flower Adams
Who is Major League Soccer's first all-time leader in regular season goals, known for playing forward and attacking midfielder?
Landon Donovan
Which movie did Richard Bluff work on next after the one that was nominated for three awards, including the Teen Choice Award?
Transformers
Seo Ju-hyun stars in a 2017 South Korean series that replaced what show on MBC?
Father, I'll Take Care For You
Juan Figer Svirski manages which Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro and the Brazil national team as a forward?
Robinho
Which band has had more hit singles, American Authors or  Bear Hands?
American Authors
What sport is seen in the paragraphs above?
football
Who sat in on guitar at the Let It Rock concert and had a top 5 hit on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, named "Angel Eyes?
Jeff Healey
Do The Drums and Pussy Galore play music of similar genres?
no
What profession Yeo Hoon-min and Bill Champlin have in common?
singer
Josh Aubrey played college football at a school in what city?
Nacogdoches, Texas
 Erwin König was killed by a soviet sniper born in which year ?
1915
Are both Cissus and Ruscus considered flowering plants?
no
Between Brian Kidd and Mikel Arteta, what year was the older one born?
1949
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Giuseppe Verdi have this profession in common.
composer
Who was the director of the 2002 American black comedy film in which the actress, who made her film debut in the satire "Divorce American Style", starred?
James Robinson
Are both Blaise Cendrars and Julian Barnes are a citizen of the same country?
no
In what year did Florentijn Hofman create the largest rubber duck sculpture?
2007
Which team did a two time NBA All-Star player, born April 13,1979 move to from the New Orleans Hornets in the 2004-05 season?
Golden State Warriors
Which of the two colleges are private, Bilkent University or Boise State University?
Bilkent University
What type of legal entity is Biecco Lawrie Limited if it manufactures medium-voltage switchgears as a commercial activity on behalf of the Government of India?
A state-owned enterprise
Which is a magazine about bodybuilding, Women's Physique World or VIVmag?
Women's Physique World
Which was established first, the publication America's Civil War or the website Heeb?
America's Civil War
Who has received more medals, Andrei Okounkov or Valery Goppa?
Andrei Yuryevich Okounkov
The Irish Mob existing since the early 19th century is said to have murdered which Lebanese American bookmaker from South Boston? 
Louis R. Litif
The republican senator who got re-elected in the 996 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was born on which day ?
November 17, 1934
Born in 1976, what German-American actress was part of the voice cast in The Galapagos Affair: Satan Came to Eden?
Diane Kruger
What is the nationality of the author of "Play Dirty"?
American
Who was formed first,The Used orBlessid Union of Souls ?
Blessid Union of Souls
What is a Japanese anime series and the sixth "Pretty Cure" installment by Izumi Todo, Otra Película de Huevos y un Pollo or Fresh Pretty Cure! ?
Fresh Pretty Cure!
Jo Seung-woo, is a South Korean actor, he is best known for his leading roles in Inside Men, released in which year, is a South Korean neo noir political crime action film written and directed by Woo Min-ho based on Yoon Tae-ho's webtoon "The Insiders"?
2015
What was the pro-slavery group called that Silas Soule clashed with?
"Border Ruffians"
Guy Walters competed against which former professional boxer that is a two-weight world champion?
Virgil Hill
Who directed the Indian crime action film which  Ram Sampath composed song for 
Rahul Dholakia
Mark of the Gorilla is 1950 Jungle Jim film that starred an actor best known for playing which character ?
Tarzan
Are Anthony Himbs and David Hewlett both Canadian?
no
What Richie Valen cover did Selena sing?
"La Bamba"
] Moose Pond is located in a town with a population of what at the 2010 census?
391
Who is Harry's nemesis in the Half-Blood Prince?
Lord Voldemort
In Norway, Pinnekjøtt, Stick Meat, is a main course dinner dish of lamb or mutton, this dish is largely associated with the celebration of Christmas, served with puréed swede and potatoes, beer and Akvavit, is a flavoured spirit, that has been produced since the 15th century, principally produced in which country?
Scandinavia
Godspeed, was under Captain Bartholomew Gosnold, an English lawyer, explorer, and privateer who was instrumental in founding of which organization?
Virginia Company of London
Are James Merrill and James Joyce both American poets?
no
Which opera had more acts: Madama Butterfly (original) or Rigoletto?
Rigoletto
Who was the director of the 1968 Metrocolor Cold War era suspense and espionage film that had its screenplay written by the novelist who wrote under the pseudonym Ian Stuart?
John Sturges
Nayo Wallace portrayed the character of Sarabi in a musical directed by who ?
Julie Taymor
Katie Aselton and Toni Collette star alongside American comedian, who describes herself as “alt-cabaret provocateur?”
Bridget Everett
Where was the Australian contract killer, featured in Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities, born?
Brunswick, Victoria
What group of people does Texcoco, State of Mexico and National Museum of Anthropology have in common?
Aztec
What did the wife of the 15th Mughal Emperor serve as?
de facto regent of India
Frank Roman was the band directer of what marching band that was founded in 1908 by a group of 14 students?
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band
Who is credited with presiding over the transition of childrens literature from parables to works that appealed to imagination and emotion?
Ursula Nordstrom
When was the president of Sudan and head of the National Congress Party born who was ordered to arrest by Stevan Arnold Majiedt?
1 January 1944
Who is the owner of a small publishing firm focused on a series of related science fiction role-playing games, the first published in 1977 by Game Designers' Workshop?
Roger Sanger
Yeo Jin-goo played the young version of the lead role in which 2008 South Korean erotic story? 
A Frozen Flower
When did Sarah Polley become known as a child actor?
who reached popularity as a teenager.
Which airline, which is the largest airline in hawaii operate in the 1960's with Atlantic Gulf Airlines?
Hawaiian Airlines
Joachim Gottschalk, was a German stage and film actor during the late 1930s, a romantic lead in the style of who, which was an English stage and film actor, director and producer?
Leslie Howard
What was the predominant Western and Central European culture of Early Iron Age Europe from the 8th to 6th centuries BC that  the lakeside village of Hallstatt, Austria is considered the model ?
Hallstatt culture
Skagboys is a 2012 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh, it is a prequel to his 2002 sequel, which novel published in 2002 by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh, and is the sequel to "Trainspotting"?
Porno
The two major classic films Westward Ho the Wagons! and The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band were productions of what major entertainment titan?
Walt Disney
John Sandeman Allen was part of the South Norfolk constituency in the UK general election held on what date?
5 July 1945
The professional mixed marshal artist who appeared in the 2015 documentary Game Face was born in what year?
1975
Which artist is from England, Kim Dong-jun or Alison Goldfrapp?
Alison Elizabeth Margaret Goldfrapp
The Albany Metro Mallers football team plays its home games at a stadium that was once a reservoir for what?
Albany public water system
Times Square is a major commercial intersection, tourist destination, entertainment center and neighborhood in the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City, one of the world's busiest pedestrian areas, it is also the hub of where, which refers to the theatrical performances presented in the 41 professional theatres with 500 or more seats located in the Theater District and Lincoln Center along Broadway, in Midtown Manhattan, New York City?
Broadway theatre
Lucy Hawking co-wrote the book "George and the Unbreakable Code" with which famous theoretical physicist?
Stephen Hawking
Which television series was also used as the theme song for the hip-hop version of the song performed by Lou Rawls 
Jungle Cubs
Which brand was marketed earlier--Crusha or Grapette?
Grapette
Notable planes made at Woodford Aerodrome include what British four-engined Second World War heavy bomber?
Avro Lancaster
What film, with actor Adam J. Yeend, was about the relationship of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton?
Liz & Dick
Which Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film was From This Moment On included in 
Kiss Me Kate
Jason Michael Lee (born April 25, 1970) is an American actor, producer and skateboarder, He is also known for his roles in Kevin Smith films such as "Mallrats", Kevin Patrick Smith (born August 2, 1970) is an American filmmaker, actor, comic book writer, author, and what?
podcaster
Esther Norma Arrostito is a founder of a revolutionary movement who's name alludes to a group that fought in what war?
Argentine Civil Wars
The National Education Goals Panel discontinued their reports by the Act that reauthorized which piece of legislation?
Elementary and Secondary Education Act
Which state of india is the 10th largest state in which Ahiwara is a town and a nagar panchayat in Durg district?
Chhattisgarh
In what city was Maud Briggs Knowlton a director of a museum?
Manchester, New Hampshire
TuxWhich film was most recent, "The Strongest Man in the World" or "Tux" which is based on the manga series "Tuxedo Gin"?
Tux
What was Bill Dvorak's fifth cousin's nationality?
Czech
Lodoicea and Nothofagus, are genus of what mutual species?
trees
Kenneth Marlar Taylor had a friend best known for being one of the few United States Army Air Corps fighter pilots able to get airborne to engage Japanese forces in the attack on Pearl Harbor whose name was what?
George Welch
Who was born first,  Rómulo Gallegos or Beatrix Potter?
Beatrix Potter
Which Spanish conquistador killed Atahualpa and was subsequently assassinated and succeeded as governor by Cristóbal Vaca de Castro?
Francisco Pizarro
Uli's Famous Sausage is a butcher shop and sausage vendor founded by German master butcher Uli Lengenberg, it is located at which public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle, Washington, United States?
Pike Place Market
Faygo and Shasta, have which mutual detail characteristics?
soft drink
Rana Gujral is an Indian American Entrepreneur, Executive, a Columnist and an Investor, in 2017, he was awarded the "Entrepreneur of the Month" by "CIO Magazine", also known as CIO.com, was founded in 1987 in Framingham, Massachusetts, to serve executives and technology decision makers in the information technology field and the burgeoning role of which occupation?
Chief Information Officer
Did both H. Bruce Humberstone and Michael Haneke work on the 1997 film "Funny Games?"
no
Who was a former science teacher that was fired for branding a student with a Christian cross?
John Freshwater
Brauerei Paderborner is a brewery in the German city of Paderborn, which was purchased by which German brewery, in the Arnsberg Forest Nature Park outside of Warstein?
Warsteiner
How many words was the short story for which Forerunner was best known? 
6,000-word
The place where VAQ-131 is based is in what US state?
Washington
Sorghum × drummondii is a type of grass harvested for what type of edible fruit?
caryopsis
Zooey Deschanel, who played in Bridge to Terabithia, also played in what Fox sitcom?
New Girl
Ross Shor Lynch, is an American singer, songwriter, and actor, he is also starring in a new horror/thriller movie called "My Friend Dahmer," a 2017, an American biographical drama film, written and directed by who?
Marc Meyers
The male star of My Santa was born in what year?
1980
Fiona Bruce is a British Conservative Party politician, who is the Member of Parliament for which constituency in Cheshire, represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010?
Congleton
Who is a Grand Slam champion after winning the 2015 French Open men's doubles title with Marcelo Melo, Fabio Fognini or Ivan Dodig ?
Ivan Dodig
"No puede ser" was sang in the 1990 concert of a popular operatic singing group whose first performance was on what date?
7 July 1990
Roughlee is located located at the foot of the hill that has a summit of what elevation?
557 m
Elois Jenssen earned Academy Awards nominations for design work on an American science fiction action-adventure film written and directed by who?
Steven Lisberger
King is a 1978 American television miniseries about Martin Luther King Jr., that included his niece, who is an american activist, and representative for what district in the Georgia House of Representatives?
28th District
which one of Harald Kloser films is a political thriller?
Anonymous
Susan Heyward appears in "Powers" alongside an actor known for playing what character in "The Riches"?
Wayne Malloy
Where are both Heshan, Guangxi and Jian'ou located?
China
The Prince of the Pagodas's music was commissioned from a composer who passed away in which year ?
1976
What is the name of the movie produced by Nasir Hussain and has a remake named Keyamat Theke Keyamat?
Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak
Where do the team for which Kyle Wootton is currently playing, play their home games ? 
Broadhall Way
Batman: The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics graphic novel featuring characters Batman and who else?
Joker
What was the 2015 population of the city where Garsington Manor in located?
168,270
John Craig Freeman is a professor at a college founded by who ?
Charles Wesley Emerson
Harold E. Bradshaw was a member of the vets organization founded in what city?
Paris
What flight did the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1506 concerning Lockerbie, Scotland consist of?
Pan Am Flight 103
What Colombian singer have the members of Lo-Fi worked with?
Shakira
An American singer-songwriter  whom has released four video albums and has appeared in thirty-eight music videos self-penned and co-produced, alongside Nathan Chapman, a song that was released in 2008 on August 8th, where are all proceeds from this song being donated to?
United States Olympic team
What is the team, for which David Hillier earnt 1 cap, considered to be for the England national football team?
the feeder team
To which taxonomic category do both Aciphylla and Diospyros belong?
genus
While Gordon Robert "Gordie" Tapp was known as as a  radio and television presenter, comedian and a CBS broadcaster, the actress who played his wife on the show "Hee Haw" was also a? 
bluegrass banjo player
Were H. P. Lovecraft and John Updike the same nationality?
yes
Who appeared in 270 films between 1910 and 1952 and directed 38 silent films between 1915 and 1927, Richard Boleslawski or Howard M. Mitchell?
Howard M. Mitchell
Which President was escorted by the battleship whose pieces are now featured at the Glendale Veterans War Memorial?
Woodrow Wilson
Sir John Piers, 6th Baronet is known for being the subject of an early poem by a poet who passed away in which year ?
1984
Are Sunny Day Real Estate and All Time Low both from the United States?
yes
Who is older Chris Barfoot or Géza von Cziffra?
Géza von Cziffra
Whose 2001 album was influence by a coal miner's records from the 1920?
Bob Dylan
What does Robert Croc and Crookston Castle have in common?
Scotland
Sepoy Kamal Ram was the second-youngest Indian recipient of an award that was first presented by Queen Victoria in what year?
1857
WVKB is licensed to which LaRue county, Kentucky town?
Hodgenville
Who was born first out of Valery Goppa and Alexander Gelfond?
Alexander Osipovich Gelfond
What was the nationality of the comedian who died the day after the final filming of a show featuring "Father Ted?"
Irish
Are CCM Magazine and World both Christian based magazines?
yes
What nationality is the person who hosts Sunrise with David Koh?
Australian
Who publishes the game series that Retro City Rampage is a parody of?
Rockstar Games
North Salem Town Hall is a historic town hall located in a a county established in what year?
1683
Who has the greatest scope of work Richard Rush or Garry Marshall
Garry Kent Marshall
What band was the Academy Award nominee, for his work on the original score of the film directed, and produced by Spike Jonze, that  follows a man who develops a relationship with an intelligent computer operating system personified through a female voice, in?
Arcade Fire
How many people died in the fire Brooklyn Theatre that was owned by Sarah Crocker Conway?
278 individuals
What is the real name of the actor that appeared in both Badlands and The West Wing?
Ramón Antonio Gerardo Estévez
Nobia A. Franklin, was a Texas beautician and entrepreneur, her business, geared towards beauty products for black women, was ranked third in the country behind Madam C. J. Walker, an African American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and a political and social activist, passed away on which date?
May 25, 1919
What nationality is the actor who played the voice of Simon in the live action film series 'Alvin and the Chimpmunks'?
American
Which Harry Potter film was #2 when Kamen Rider Decade: All Riders vs. Dai-Shocker opened at the #1 spot?
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
What anime did Unscandal perform theme music for and is written and illustrated by Jin Kobayashi?
School Rumble
Bombshell included the actress who gained fame in 2006 on what television show?
American Idol
Jonathan Mark Hedges is the Editor of "Country Life", published by a consumer magazine selling over how many copies each year?
350 million
Joey Richter co-starred as which Harry Potter character in 2009 fan parody musicals?
Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley
The Saratov Approach was released throughout a geographic region of the United States, settled by Mormons beginning in what year?
1850
Which band has more members, English rock band Slowdive, or British rock band Skunk Anansie?
Slowdive
The 1959 European Cup Final featured Real Madrid, winning their fourth European Cup in a row beating Reims for the second time in four years follwoing this years final which was played on 13 June 1956 in front of how many people?
38,000 people
The Hurricane Heist, directed by Rob Cohen, was originally entitled what name?
Category 5
 Harrah's Lake Tahoe is a hotel and casino owned and operated by the fourth-largest gaming company in the world, with annual revenues of what in 2013?
$8.6 billion
What is the nationality of the then Governor of Hong Kong who carried out the electoral reform that lead to the creation of the Hotels and Catering functional constituency?
British
One of the founders of BALR was a Dutch professional football player who played right back for which Italian club?
Cagliari
Are these both in the Üsküdar district of Istanbul, Fethi Paşa Korusu and Yeni Valide Mosque?
yes
What comedian and actor played in the film "Which Way Is Up?
Richard Pryor
What was the company orginally named first?
Dell Technologies
Spearhafoc vanished with the gold and jewels he had been given to make into a crown for a king that ruled during what years?
1042 to 1066
This international developer and publisher made games for Wii, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, iOS, Android, Amazon, PC and Mac platforms.
Nordcurrent
Kalle Makinen is nicknamed 'Sergio' after another famous footballer; what teams does the original Sergio play for?
Real Madrid and the Spain national team.
The 1997–98 FC Barcelona season began with the addition of the striker who was of what nationality?
Brazilian
Which has smaller flowers, Campsis or Kalmiopsis?
Kalmiopsis
Are both Valley International Airport and Worcester Regional Airport located in the same state?
no
Jeep Cherokee was a variant of a popular car that was sold between what years ?
1963 to 1991
What team did Pete Elezovic play for that joined the AFL?
Tampa Bay Storm
When was the Houston Rockets point guard recruited by Frank Sullivan born?
August 23, 1988
Billy Greer, is the current bass guitarist for the band Kansas, he also was a member of the brief 2009 Kansas side project "Native Window" along with David Ragsdale, he has been the violinist for which band, from 1991 to 1997 and from 2006 to the present?
Kansas
Who is older, Dave Grohl or David Vanian?
Dave Vanian
Which was created first, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea or Superdad?
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
Who coached the future Indianapolis Colts 2014 NFL Draft third round draft pick while the wide receiver played at the University of Mississippi? 
Hugh Freeze
Azor Betts began his practice in which British proprietary colony?
Province of New York
What 2,363 seat live performance venue was At the Ryman recorded?
Ryman Auditorium
What was the flag carrier airline Air India and its subsidiary Air India Express Limited formed to oversee?
merger of Air India and Indian
Which author wrote a novel containing a horror icon known as Pennywise the Dancing Clown?
Stephen King
Still in the Basement is the second EP by Soul Intent, and featured what American rapper, record producer, and actor?
Eminem
Which Irish actress will appear in the play The Ferryman who is known for her work in Star Wars?
Genevieve O'Reilly
Are Louis de Bernières and Anya Seton from different countries?
yes
Are Mertensia and Sasa plants from differing genuses?
yes
Which country music artist known for her song Pink Warrior has shared the stage with Miranda Lambert?
Candy Coburn
When was the manager of the goalkeeper for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team born?
7 January 1966
A Bloodhound and a Bloody Mary are both what type of a drink?
cocktail
Was Oceans of the Mind and Quanta Magazine online?
yes
When was the American microbiologist who developed MMR vaccine born?
August 30, 1919
What county named after the Potawatomi tribe of Native Americans contains the city of Wheaton, Kansas?
Pottawatomie County, Kansas
Who directed the 2017 American erotic romantic drama based on E. L. James's novel that is the sequel to a 2015 American erotic romantic drama film directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson about a college graduate who begins a sadomasochistic relationship with young business magnate ? 
James Foley
Which dinosaur was named after the province where Bartolome Saravi was General Minister in 1847?
Riojasaurus
 Tales for the Midnight Hour served as the precursor to other similar works including a series of three children's books written by Alvin Schwartz and illustrated by who?
Stephen Gammell
The term phrase structure grammar was originally introduced by a linguist that is a laureate professor at what university?
University of Arizona
Which magazine, Photoplay or McCall's was a monthly American women's magazine,  that enjoyed great popularity through much of the 20th century, peaking at a readership of 8.4 million in the early 1960s?
McCall's
Pittsfield Colonials was priorly known under a name, and were based where?
Nashua, New Hampshire
In what year was the actress that starred alongside Sady Rebbot in the 1962 film "Vivre sa vie" born?
1940
Who directed the  American romantic comedy-drama which Mackenzie Davis  made her film debut in 
Tom Gormican
Who was the Fleet Admiral of the Unites States Navy that Typhoon of 1944 was named after?
William Frederick Halsey Jr.
What is the name of the director and producer of a 2016 American fantasy adventure film which features the voices of Stephen Fry, Timothy Spall and Alan Rickman?
Tim Burton
Köprülüzade Numan Pasha, was a statesman who was the grand vizier of which empire, founded at the end of the 13th century in northwestern Anatolia in the town of Söğüt (modern-day Bicelik Province) by the Oghuz Turkish tribal leader Osman?
Ottoman Empire
Where did the march written by Vasily Agapkin premiere?
Tambov
The Zhukov Air and Space Defense Academy was named for a Soviet Red Army officer who commanded the 1st Belorussian Front in the Battle of Berlin, during what war?
World War II
The Troelfth Cake, is a 1773 French allegory and satire on which event that took place in 1772 as the first of three partitions that ended the existence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth by 1795?
First Partition of Poland
Who is the artist who has collaborated with Jneiro Jarel and known for a British rock band?
Damon Albarn
Columbus, Ohio is located in which county?
Franklin County
James T. Richardson is notably outspoken on which high-profile case that was born on February 20, 1954?
Patty Hearst
Heyawake is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by what Japanese publisher that specializes in games, and especially, logic puzzles?
Nikoli Co., Ltd.
Are Tapes 'n Tapes and My Morning Jacket from the same location?
no
Are Gabe Saporta and Klaus Meine both entrepreneurs?
no
Who was born first, Steve Perry or Alison Goldfrapp?
Stephen Ray "Steve" Perry
Cars 3 is a 2017 animated comedy adventure film released by an American film production company that took on its current name in what year?
1983
The cast of The Danish Girl includes an American actress who made her film debut in 2004 in what drama?
Friday Night Lights
Blue Duck was best known for posing with which female American outlaw?
Myra Maybelle Shirley Reed Starr
In what year did Hans Hilfiker design the swiss railway clock with Mobatime?
1944
D. Ray White is the father of the folk dancer of what nationality?
American
Which of Doreen Cannon fellow students  later played Frank Costanza on the NBC sitcom "Seinfeld" and Arthur Spooner on the CBS comedy series "The King of Queens"?
Jerry Stiller
Are Ruta and Fenestraria both native African plants?
no
Martin Beck grew up 20 blocks from a neighborhood within what city of New York?
Niagara Falls
What college campus contains The Cathedral of Learning, designed by Charles Zeller Klauder?
University of Pittsburgh
The Curse of Rocky Colavito is one of several sports superstitions centered on the failure to win a championship in any major league sport for how many years?
52
 Elora Danan is a fictional character from a British-American high fantasy film directed by who?
Ron Howard
What is the population of the nearest city to the Granite Dells?
39,843
Which band has more member, Broken Bells or Navarone?
Broken Bells
What singer of "Love Gets Me Every Time" is the best-selling female artist in country music history?
Shania Twain
Pura Gede Perancak is a prominent sea temple, of which type that has historically been used as a geographical, cultural, and later religious identifier for people indigenous to South Asia, in Perancak, Bali, Indonesia?
Hindu
Was the 9th FINA Swimming World Championships (25 m) held in an indoor or outdoor arena?
an indoor arena
Craig Lindfield plays as a Winger for a football club that plays their home games at what park?
Broadhurst Park
American rapper Nicki Minaj has participated in which 2014 American comedy film alongside Cameron Diaz?
The Other Woman
Rainbow Connection was written by the composer of what nationality?
American
What is the birth date of the woman Paul McCartney was engaged to after Linda McCartney's death?
12 January 1968
In 2014, Parrish participated in the 19th season of a show that premiered on which day ?
September 15, 2014
James Rogers served with what American colonial frontiersman, who was his brother, and who served in the British army during the French and Indian War, and the American revolution?
Robert Rogers
Andrew James Stockdale was featured on the 2010 single "By the Sword" by what British-American musician and songwriter who is best known as the lead guitarist of Guns N' Roses?
Slash
Who was the director of the 1988 American comedy-fantasy which stars Jeffrey Duncan Jones?
Tim Burton
Amhert, Massachusetts, is a town located in the valley of the longest river in which region of the United States?
New England
In what year was the writer of the 1887 story "Kidnapped" born?
1865
Are Pizhou and Jiujiang in the same province?
no
Chingari was inspired by a French-American film directed by who?
Pierre Morel
Watchers is a film starring which actress?
Lala Sloatman
Who is the rapper that performed the song "The Food" on the show of an award winning American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and producer, born in 1973?
Common
What is the occupation of both Nic Nassuet and Ray Toro?
musician
Which Democratic Party politician from South Dakota was re-elected to the Senate in 1974 over a colonel in the United States Air Force who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War?
George McGovern
Which game CirKis or Top Secret Spies was produced first ?
Top Secret Spies
What american stage, film  and television actress, born in 1917 starred in A Letter to Three Wives?
Celeste Holm
Did both the Selective Draft Law Cases and Atkins v. Virginia find that the Constitution had been violated?
no
In which year was the maiden flight of the light combat aircraft developed in South Korea's first fighter development program
2002
The 1979 Memorial Cup occurred May 6–13, in Quebec, participating teams included the Western Hockey League (WHL) is a major junior ice hockey league based in Western Canada and the Northwestern portion, of which country?
United States
What rapper who's debut single was "Crank That", collaborated with The Pack?
Soulja Boy
Which airline merged with the company with who Prem Mathur worked for in 1953?
Indian Airlines
The song "Bluebird", which is credited to Paul and Linda MCCartney, was released on what album that also marked the fifth album by Oaul McCartney since his deoarture from the Beatles in 1970?
"Band on the Run"
How tall (antenna included) is the 102-story skyscraper atop which WXNY-FM has a transmitter?
1454 ft
What is the birth date of this South Korean actor who had a leading role in Confession of Murder?
April 3, 1978
What was the first year the NinjaTel van's model released?
1961
Are Ballota and Cibotium both native to temperate regions?
no
Lois Lowry, is an American writer credited with more than thirty children's books, she has won two Newbery Medals, for "Number the Stars", published in which year?
1989
What was the profession of the regular panelist on the British television panel game show It's Only a Theory?
stand-up comedian
Michael Standing has become an agent for former a teammate who plays for which English football club?
West Bromwich Albion
Which show that Michael Wandmacher composed for shares a name with its creator?
The Goldbergs
What album recorded over a two-year period between 1989 and 1991 included Kevin Shields as the main composer, musician and producer? 
Loveless
Were Terry Jones and Thomas Schlamme both members of the Monty Python comedy troupe?
no
What is the estimated wealth intensifying of the novel on which the film Blue Blood is based ?
£157 million.
What is the prize in the game show hosted by an actress known for portraying the supporting character Peg in a Spanish-American teen sitcom?
$25,000
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios only received acclaim after which other 2001 Yann Martel novel was released?
Life of Pi
What comedy film series is noted for its opening credits sequences and for featuring fictional detective Jacques Clouseau?
The Pink Panther
Which film director is the founder of the Application Movie Pitch Pro, Derek Estlin Purvis or Andrzej Munk?
Derek Estlin Purvis
Kant Pan worked on which film produced by Brooksfilms and distributed by 20th Century Fox ?
The Fly
What village in the town of Hempstead is the home for a team John Paul Loviglio plays for?
Freeport, New York
Which of the two were founded first out of Syracuse University and University of Washington?
Syracuse University
Goffstown, New Hampshire is the home to which only women's prison in New Hampshire?
New Hampshire State Prison for Women
Which film director, Frank Pierson or Peter Tscherkassky, primarily used a darkroom rather than digital film to produce their works?
Peter Tscherkassky
Premier LeagueBlackburn Rovers F.C. finished in the top half of which sport organization, for the third successive season, this time ending up in 7th place, its manger was Mark Hughes?
Premier League
Who received more awards for their works, Paul Celan or Jonathan Kellerman?
Jonathan Kellerman
The 42d Attack Squadron of the United States Air Force flies General Atomics MQ-9 Reaper, sometimes called Predator B, is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) capable of remotely controlled or autonomous flight operations, developed by General Atomics Aeronautical Systems (GA-ASI), primarily for which organization?
United States Air Force (USAF)
 Flight 102 was a cargo flight operated by an airline based in which city ?
Orlando
Charles Howard was a gentleman at the court of the second what?
Tudor monarch
What federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe has a southern Black Forest?
Germany
Battle of Chancellorsville and Battle of Leyte Gulf, are battles fought by Americans?
yes
Question: Michael and Peter Spierig directed this 2014 science fiction film that won Matt Villa his second AACTA Award. 
Predestination
Who was the director of the 1980 American biographical film in which Beverly D'Angelo plays Patsy Cline?
Michael Apted
What is the provision of micro loan to the poor entrepreneurs and small businesses lacking access to banking and related services, offered by a company that helps  entrepreneurs living with mental health and addiction challenges who are interested in pursuing self-employment?
Micro finance
Ursula Gunther was a German musicologist, who specialized in the music of what Italian opera composer?
Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi
In what city was the Bill Cosby album For Adults Only recorded?
Winchester, Nevada
When did Grammar school that Michael Handley was educated at convert to academy status?
1 February 2013
John Haase's associate was born in what year?
1963
What is the name of an Afghanistan Sarbani tribe?
Alakozai
WWDP, virtual channel 46 (VHF digital channel 10), is affiliated with which television station serving Boston, Massachusetts, United States that is licensed to Norwell, who's the multi-channel video retailer and American cable, satellite and broadcast television network?
Evine
What do University of Arizona and University of Massachusetts Amherst have in common?
public research university
Which of the following films is a documentary about a London, Midland, and Scottish Railway mail train: Night Mail or What Would Jesus Buy?
Night Mail
Warner Bros distributed what musical comedy film in which Carmen Twillie was one of the singers?
Cats Don't Dance
 Roy Black is a civil and criminal defense trial attorney who has represented an American financier and registered sex offender who served how many months in prision for his conviction of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution?
13 months
The character Samantha Jones from "Sex and the City" was escorted by whom at the 2nd Genie Awards?
Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau
What American director, born Joseph McGinty Nichol, directed the pilot episode of "Chuck"?
McG
In what year was the director of the film "Bucking Broadway" born?
1894
Secret in their Eyes stars a British actor who enrolled at the Nationial Youth Theater in 1995 and gained a scholarship to where?
London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art
Achuguayo is the god of what religion in Tenerife, the largest and most populated island of the seven Canary Islands?
Moon in Guanche
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the CDP in which Captain Robert Robinson was born?
12,339
What school were Hryhoriy Veryovka and the composer of "Carol of the Bells" faculty members at? 
Kyiv Conservatory
In what year was the politician after whom Northside High School was previously named born?
1808
 Which song on the fourth studio album by French DJ David Guetta feature vocals by Kelly Rowland on the song When Love Takes Over?
One Love
What did a suitor of queen Elizabeth I say Sir Roger Williams was?
"worth his weight in gold"
Kyle Schickner and Charles Lamont both lived in what city?
Los Angeles
Which political ideology was the premise of The National Action Party?
Nationalism
In what year was the band behind "Doncamatic" created?
1998
Which game was created first, Bailout! The Game or Dark Tower?
Dark Tower
Who produced the album that has Exit as the tenth track? 
Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno
What country is San Antonio del Monte in technically? 
Spain
Which singer won an award at he 40th Annual American Music Awards who is known for writing narrative songs about her personal life?
Taylor Swift
Who created the television series in which Lauren Tom portrays Celia Mack ?
Terri Minsky
Which of the following has hosted cover models Kim Kardashian and Katy Perry: Paper or Heeb?
Paper
How long is the bicycle trail that is near the Melbourne Zoo?
29km
How can the name of the city that Pelegrina Pastorino died in be translated?
"fair winds" or "good airs"
Which Canadian-American actress, born in 1954, stars in Where the Wild Things Are?
Catherine O'Hara
The graduate medical school of which Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital is a part is located in which neighborhood of which city?
the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston
Are Prevention and Drum! both American magazines?
yes
When was the physicist who hosted Wonders of the Solar System born? 
3 March 1968
Four Darks in Red is shown in Mark Rothko's mural projects for what skyskraper, that is located at 375 Park Avenue in Manhattan?
Seagram Building
Do the genuses Coniogramme and Merremia belong to the same family?
no
Ibou Omar Touray plast as a left back for a professional football club that plays in what leauge?
National League North
Who designed the second most produced American fighter aircraft during World War II?
North American Aviation
What is the type of particle of the concept that was proposed by the Soviet physicist who also discovered the theory of superfluidity?
quasiparticle
Are Chantal Claret and Hayley Williams both singer-songwriters?
yes
Who plaid for Arsenal W.F.C?
Jordan Nobbs
Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg? starred the actress who played what role in the Harry Potter series?
Ginny Weasley
Rosemary Pauline "Rose" West, is a British serial killer, now an inmate at HMP Low Newton, Brasside, Durham, after being convicted of ten murders in 1995, her husband, named what,an English serial killer who committed at least 12 murders between 1967 and 1987 in Gloucestershire, the majority with his wife, committed suicide in prison while awaiting trial ?
Frederick Walter Stephen West
What is the name of the 2008 cookbook, based on a Yountville, California restaurant, written by Thomas Keller and Michael Ruhlman?
The French Laundry
What was the population in 2010 of the village where James W. and Anne Smith Phyfe Estate is located ? 
1,749
Type I Rifle retains the box magazine that is by the arms manufacturer of what nationality?
German
What does the ARY Film Awards of Merit present annually recognizing a character, group of characters, institution or concept that stands in or represents opposition against which the protagonist must contend?
ARY Film Award for Best Actor in a Negative Role
Which pilot was born earlier, Klaus-Dietrich Flade or Philippe Perrin?
Klaus-Dietrich Flade
Which competitor to "Strange Stories" was edited by John W. Campbell?
"Unknown"
WIND ranks behind which Rome-based telecommunications company?
Telecom Italia
What was the film in which the Black Reel Award for Outstanding Actor recipient was cast as James Covey?
Amistad
Between Ulli Lommel and Maurice Pialat, who has had a more diverse career?
Maurice Pialat
What does the name of the first castle erected in 13th century, means what in Gaelic?
"dubh glas", meaning "black stream"
Which superhero in the Marvel Comic, "Runaway" both possesses the Fistigons and has control over the Leapfrog?
Chase Stein
When was the Italian general and air power theorist dies who's theories strong opponent was Amedeo Mecozzi?
15 February 1930
In addition to composing and singing, Avadhoot Gupte also directed which 2015 musical film starring Santosh Juvekar and Tejaswini Pandit?
Ek Tara
In the Tupac Shakur song Hail Mary, who is the close friend he used for one of the verses?
Yaki Kadafi
Who is a natural philosopher who coined the term hymenophore?
Robert Hooke
War Front, is an American Thoroughbred racehorse, in 2006 he won which American Thoroughbred horse race held annually near the end of July at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York?
Alfred G. Vanderbilt Handicap
Are Kaempferia and Wulfenia both types of plant?
yes
Scholar and educator  Isaac S.D. Sassoon is a member of the Sassoon family because of their great wealth they accumulated they are also called what?
"Rothschilds of the East"
What is the title of the Canadian film directed by Jeremy Ma and Angus Ng whose common elements include satire, dark humor, incongruity, the abasement of reason, and controversy regarding the philosophical condition of being "nothing"?
Criminology
Who was born first, Stan Wawrinka or Sandy Mayer?
Alexander "Sandy" Mayer
Who is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for the club originally known as Kirkham & Wesham?
Andrew Mark Bond
 Paul Machliss is a film editor who has worked on a comic science fiction film directed by who?
Edgar Wright
Wisdom was a female of the species of seabird that ranges across what area?
North Pacific
Which actress who starred in "About Last Night..." endorsed the Werewolf Diet?
Demi Moore
What American actor and comedian known for playing the role of Newman in Seinfeld, also stars in the series The Exes on TV Land?
Wayne Knight
What band is based in Los Angeles, California, Youngblood Hawke or Starset?
Youngblood Hawke
The Most Outsanding Player of the 2007 NCAA tournament was traded to which team during the 2010–11 Denver Nuggets season?
the Knicks
Who has more scope of profession, Drew Daywalt or Werner Herzog?
Werner Herzog
What is the name of the South Korean model and actor, who starred in Who Are You: School 2015?
Nam Joo-hyuk
What artist released a free red 7" vinyl with "NME" magazine and released an album in June 2017?
The White Stripes
What year was the final Wilco album for which Ken Coomer was with band completed?
2001
Which actor starred in a 2000 Korean film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk?
Kim Yu-seok
In how many countries did a song written by Rolf Magnus Joakim Larsson go to the number one spot?
25
Kim Jong-chul's older half-brother was thought to have fallen out of favour after embarrassing the regime in 2001 with a failed attempt to visit where?
Tokyo Disneyland
The artist that recorded "Heartbreak Hurricane" was born on what date?
July 18, 1954
What French director directed the silent films The Christmas Dream and The Impossible Voyage?
The Christmas Dream (French: Rêve de Noël ) is a 1900 French short silent Christmas film directed by Georges Méliès
Are Alfred L. Werker and Merian C. Cooper both directors?
yes
Where was the second brewpub of the brewery, which Jack Joyce founded, opened?
Newport, Oregon
Yahya Abdul-Mateen II will appear in a film about what circus?
Barnum & Bailey Circus
Which Argentine actress won the Best Actress award at the Moscow International Film Festival in 1977 for her role in Crazy Women?
Mercedes Carreras
What film, that was written and directed by Brad Bird, did Spencer Fox act in?
The Incredibles
Which magazine, In These Times or Tall Timber Short Lines, is an American politically progressive/democratic socialist monthly magazine of news and opinion published in Chicago, Illinois?
In These Times
The Eagle's Brood starred which film actor who also played the role of Hopalong Cassidy?
William Lawrence Boyd
Are both tennis players Kathy Jordan and Daniel Vacek from the same country?
no
What 2014 French comedy won two awards at the 20th Lumières Awards?
Love at First Fight
WBTJ serves which independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia?
Petersburg
Thad Cochran defeated a man in 2014 who represents what district in Mississippi?
42nd District
Who was born first, Kevin Curren or Martina Navratilova?
Martina Navratilova
Rock im Park 2001 is a live album and DVD by the American nu metal band Limp Bizkit, released in 2008,  it features a performance from June 1, 2001 by the band at which festival in Nuremberg, that are two simultaneous rock music festivals held annually?
Rock im Park
Who collaborated with the American violinist considered on of the greatest on the album West Meets East?
Ravi Shankar
Annie Lenox wrote "Julia" that was the soundtrack to what film?
Nineteen Eighty-Four
Are Donggang, Liaoning and Yan'an in the same province?
no
What kind of group does U2 discography and Sunday Bloody Sunday have in common?
band
Who is a Canadian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer who's solo musical project is  Homeshake?
McBriare Samuel Lanyon "Mac" DeMarco
What is the title of one of Pippi in the South Seas writers books?
"The Brothers Lionheart".
Which person who had a live-action role in "Peter Rabbit" received a Bachelor of Arts in Media Arts from Dublin Institute of Technology?
Domhnall Gleeson
What year was the composer born that was responsible for the music and lyrics for the Doctor Dolittle musical?
1931
Which stock exchange located in Hong Kong was Bank of China was listed on in 2002?
Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Who created a documentary about one of the starts of Chandler?
Larry Weinstein
What is the pronunciation of the studio album that included the song written by Ed Sheeran and Johnny McDaid?  
"multiply"
hat is the position played by Djalma Campos most responsible for?
scoring goals
Subbalakshmi's daughter won what award at Asianet Television Awards 2016?
"Best Character Actress"
Who was regarded as an offensive coordinator of the Panthers football team?
John Bond
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. is a North American manufacturer and distributor of agricultural fertilizers, based in Deerfield, Illinois, for its first,of how many year, it was a federation of regional agricultural supply cooperatives, a co-operative federation or secondary co-operative is a co-operative in which all members are, in turn, co-operatives?
56
Laura S. Walker State Park is located near a swamp that has a size of how many acres ?
438,000 acre
what was the birth year of a sociologist of science who testified for the plaintiffs in a case involving a state Board of Education?
1933
Eejanaika is a steel 4th Dimension roller coaster at an amusement park that was opened on March 2nd of what year?
1968
When was the American film and television composer born who's current arrangement was introduced at the beginning of the third season of "The Simpsons"?
March 28, 1941
Benoit Benjamin played for the franchise that was founded in what year as an expansion team?
1968
What name is Jose Ramón Gil Samaniego who starred in the 1932 American Film 'Huddle' best known as?
Ramón Novarro
What sovereign country is home to Imi Mqourn?
Morocco
What are both Mesquite and Bruckenthalia?
plants
What occupation do Dustin Kensrue and Jimmy Urine share?
singer
The Light That Failed is based on a novel by an author of what nationality?
English
The Chile Pepper Institute never accepted a chili pepper that was the hybrid of what species created in England?
"Capsicum chinense"
Which  small town is the capital of Amansie West
Manso Nkwanta
Are Ornithogalum and Monstera both flowering plants?
no
What editor-in-chief of Church History graduateed from an American public land-grant, sea-grant, and space grant research university in Gainesville, Florida?
Jon Sensbach
What is the seating capacity of the home stadium of the Gulf Coast League Braves?
9,500
Of what origin is the director of the movie that has Paige Morgan as the main protagonist?
Iranian American
For which the American college basketball star at Loyola Marymount University died during a game?
cardiomyopathy
Erin Wiedner and Monte Hellman are both American film directors?
yes
The book Spinoza includes a foreword by a philosopher born in which year ?
1910
Which retired Israeli general was the head of the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces?
Yom Tov Samia
Are both Hattiesburg–Laurel Regional Airport and John Wayne Airport located in the same state?
no
Which has more to do with the Boston Marathon, Zootopia or Stylianos Kyriakides?
Stylianos "Stelios" Kyriakides
Is George Washington University or Brown University further north?
Brown University
Stobart Air, legally incorporated as "Stobart Air Unlimited Company" and formerly named Comhfhobairt (Gaillimh) and trading under the business name Aer Arann, is an Irish regional airline headquartered in Dublin, it operates scheduled services under the brands Aer Lingus Regional and which is the largest independent regional airline in Europe, based in Exeter, operating more UK domestic flights than any other airline?
Flybe
Happy Birthday is a mixtape  that features a rapper who earned what in 2010?
$7 million
The Allenton house fire led to the arrest of the father who was guilty of causing the deaths of how many children?
six
Which city on the banks of the Rhine is home to a museum of contemporary history with around one million visitors every year?
Bonn
C. Scott Vanderhoef was the running mate of the minority leader who is now part of which New York district?
19 congressional district
What type of cyclists were teammates of a former professional cyclist born in 1974 who is currently an environmental consultant?
mountain bikers and road racers
How many students are in the school in which Henry Alex Rubin studied film?  
1,150
Carol M. Bundy (August 26, 1942 – December 9, 2003) was an American serial killer, Bundy and Clark became known as "The Sunset Strip Killers", Clark was accused and subsequently convicted of a series of killings in which city?
Los Angeles
Who is the boy in Gary Paulsen's series which includes the first book "Hatchet"?
Brian Robeson
What film released by CJ Entertainment in 2012 featured the first Asian model to walk Dior Homme's show?
Runway Cop
The Griffin Auto Company Building is named after the company that is in what region of the US?
southeastern
How many season had the Seattle Seahawks had in the same year that was the 90th NFL Season? 
34th
What is the year of the event that occured first, the Second Annual "Comedy Short Cuts" Diverse City Festival was held, or Sofia Vergara was born?
1972
What is the post-nominal abbreviation for the university where the Banded Mongoose Research Project is based?
Exon
ON what date did the man who played Michael Sullivan, Jr. in Road to Perdition first appear in The Adventures of Supergirl
October 10, 2016
Are Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts and Princess Sumaya University for Technology in Jordan both technology colleges?
yes
What is the place with a total of 643135 sqft and 70 in-line stores, that is now the last of it's kind after the largest enclosed shopping center in Huntsville closed in early 2017?
shopping mall
Clunk Click Every Trip starred the DJ and fundraiser who hosted what BBC television show?
Jim'll Fix It
Which small village in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England that has a monastery called Haverholme Priory?
Anwick
Who is older, Arthur Koestler or Clarice Lispector?
Arthur Koestler
What 2006 American romantic comedy film was directed by Edw?ard Fitzgerald Burns
The Holiday
 The Covington County School District is a public school district based in a town with a population of what at the 2010 census?
2,586
What is the other name for the area at which Ranney Hill, Northwest Territories anomaly  rose? 
Laurentian Plateau
"Laws of Deception" was written by the older brother of what famous actor?
John Travolta
Ashley Smith-Brown is a professional footballer who plays for Heart of Midlothian, but who also played on loan for what Dutch professional football club based in Breda, and who play at the Rat Verlegh Stadium?
NAC Breda
The actress married to Roger Davis who was offered the role of Victoria Winters is best known for her role as what character in "Charlie's Angels"?
Kelly Garrett
What music entity was voted highest on the charts, M. Shadows or Fun?
M. Shadows
Which one of the two authors (Louis de Bernières and Orhan Pamuk) have more translations of their work?
Orhan Pamuk
Rachel Crow has appeared on which Nickelodeon show hosted by Jeff Sutphen?
BrainSurge
Are both Dickinson Theodore Roosevelt Regional Airport and Kenai Municipal Airport in the United States?
yes
Which award did this fine dining restaurant, located in a town of a population of 6,025 as of 2010, win in 1992?
Grand Awards
The Valigeria Franzi was an Italian manufacturer of leather bags and luggage founded in Milan in 1864 by Rocco Franzi, Guccio Gucci worked for the company until he set up Gucci in what year, an Italian luxury brand of fashion and leather goods, part of the Gucci Group, which is owned by the French holding company Kering?
1921
What years did ponsonby baronet serve a conservative politician before they became a prime minister
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1955 to 1957
Who was the daughter of American writer Laura Ingalls Wilder that published the short Novel, Young Pioneers?
Rose Wilder Lane
How many novels has the author of the novel Child of God written?
He has written ten novels
Oxford is the 52nd largest city where?
United Kingdom
Who was born first, Stiv Bators, or Suggs? 
Stiv Bators
Give Us This Night (1936) was attempting to build on the popularity of what American soprano nicknamed the "Tennessee Nightingale?"
Grace Moore
A stressed member engine, is a vehicle engine used as an active structural element of the chassis to transmit forces and torques, rather than being passively contained by the chassis with anti-vibration mounts, Automotive engineers use the method for what particular purpose in vehicles, Automobile Engineering is a branch study of engineering which teaches manufacturing, designing, mechanical mechanisms as well operations of automobiles?
weight reduction and mass centralization
Gangwon State University, is a public college in Gangneung City, Gangwon Province, is which sovereign state in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula?
Republic of Korea
Which hospital can house more patients,  St. Elizabeths Hospital or the Psychiatric Institute of Washington?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
Nickelodeon Movies have produced the mystery adventure film based on the comics series by which Belgian cartoonist?
Hergé
What British science fiction television series had it's episode entitled "Smile" written by the winner of the 2012 Guardian Prize for "The Unforgotten Coat"?
Doctor Who
Who produced the 1977 film John Richardson was in?
Joseph E. Levine
Which genus contains more species, Dacrydium or Araiostegia?
Dacrydium
For how long did the author of STAT: Standing Tall and Talented book series have a career in basketball?
15-year
Which film written by Chris Coghill starred Jack O'Connell?
Weekender
Which character in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban helped Harry rescue Hermione Granger from a troll?
Ronald Weasley
Which American author wrote "The Colour Out of Space" and "The Call of Cthulhu"?
Howard Phillips Lovecraft
The actor playing Dr. Juliet Burke on "Lost" starred in what 2002 American Christmas movie that was the second installment of a trilogy?
The Santa Clause 2
The Wolf of the Sila, is a 1949 Italian drama film directed by Duilio Coletti, and starring which Italian actress, that died on 16 December 1989?
Silvana Mangano
Maria Mercedes had a prole in the Australian production of the musical created by whom?
Maury Yeston
Which publication was published first The Artist's Magazine or Details ? 
Details
"Make Me Bad" is a song written and recorded by the American nu metal band Korn for their fourth studio album, "Issues", the fourth studio album by what American nu metal band ?
Korn
What Team did the Tampa Bay Buccaneers sign Jeron Mastrud off of? 
The Kansas State Wildcats
How are both Buckminster Fuller and Marianne Moore have artistic similarities? 
American architect
The lead singer of the alternative metal band Faith No More appeared on the album entitled Profanation which was the last album by which group?
Praxis
When was the motorsport team founded for which Philippe Alliot raced for RAM and the team was best known for its Formula One?
1968
École secondaire publique Louis-Riel is named after a founder of which province?
Manitoba
Brady James Monson Corbet, is an American actor and filmmaker, he made his feature film directorial debut with "The Childhood of a Leader", a historical mystery drama film, co-written, produced and directed by Brady Corbet, and is Corbet's feature film directorial debut, released in which year?
2015
What was the nickname of the man who objected Sidney Osborne Bufton in the Pathfinder project?
"Bomber"
Cirta was repopulated by Romans by the founder of what Roman empire?
Principate
The Fortune Cookie (alternative UK title: Meet Whiplash Willie) is a 1966 black It was produced and directed by Samuel "Billy" Wilder, an Austrian-American filmmaker, screenwriter, producer, artist, and journalist whose career spanned, more than how many decades?
five
When was the founder of The City of Oxford High School for Boys born?
7 April 1836
Which is a genus of more species, Crambe or Nomocharis?
Crambe
What mountain range can be seen from Schweitzer Mountain Resort in northwestern Idaho and is named for the state flower of Montana?
The Bitterroot Range
The Cat Creeps starred which Danish actor who lived in the US?
Jean Pierre Hersholt
What prefix was removed with government's tranistion to a Republic in 1950 from the fourth ranking airforce of the world, which includes No. 48 Squadron IAF assigned to Maintenance Command and participates in operations involving air, land and airdrop of troops, equipment, supplies, and support or augment special operations forces, when appropriate.
"Royal"
200 Press is an EP by which singer, songwriter, and record producer?
James Blake Litherland
John Lucian Savage is best known for a dam on the border between what two states?
Nevada and Arizona
Are Beyond the Heights and Beyond the Gates of Splendor both documentaries?
yes
Which Australian rules football player played during the 1970s and 1980s and had had a younger brother who was a legendary Geelong player?
Geoff Ablett
Masjid al-Qiblatayn, is a mosque in which city, situated in the northwestern Awdal region of Somaliland, officially the Republic of Somaliland, is a self-declared state internationally recognised as an autonomous region of Somalia?
Zeila
Come Next Monday was a song by which country singer of the late 80s and early 90s?
Kay Toinette "K. T." Oslin
When was the English singer-songwriter who formed the Electric Light Orchestra born
8 November 1947
Andre Romelle Young (born February 18, 1965), better known by his stage name Dr. Dre, is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur, he has produced albums for and overseen the careers of many rappers, including Tupac Amaru Shakur, also known by his stage name 2Pac, was an American rapper and actor, died on which date?
1971September 13, 1996
Raincoat is a 2004 Indian Hindi drama film which is an adaptation of a short story that was allegedly written at which tavern ?
at Pete's Tavern on Irving Place in New York City
Were Thomas Berger and H. L. Davis thought to be underappreciated?
no
The contractor for the Shrewsbury–Chester line died in what year?
1870
The Beretta Model 12 are made under license in Belgium by a leading firearms manufacturer is owned by a holding company owned by whom?
the regional government of Wallonia
What genus of plants is native to southwestern Asia, Cassiope or Calendula?
Calendula
What country located within the city of Rome,is hime to a flight of steps built by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger in the early 16th century?
Vatican City
How many Grammy awards has the band for which Fher Olvera is the lead singer won?
four
Who directed the 2007 film Jin Ji-hee was in?
Yim Pil-sung
What was the length of the midget submarine built in 2005 by the founder and CEO of RML Spacelab ApS?
12.6 meters
In 1949, Canadian news magazine Maclean's was the original publisher of "The Exiles," a science fiction story by which celebrated author?
Ray Bradbury
Kansas City Live Stock Exchange was the HQ of a yard which closed when?
1991
What movie did Megan Fox star in immediately before Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Jennifer's Body
Which of Hausa-Fulani's languages is the Chadic language with the largest number of speakers, Fulfulde or Hausa?
Hausa
Karanambo is the local airport for the village of the same name in which mainland Caribbean country?
Guyana
Which South Park episode aired 29 days before the day that "everybody" was asked to draw Mohammad?
201
Who directed the film in which Christoph Koncz starred as Kaspar Weiss ?
François Girard
What movie by John Carpenter is based on the book "The Midwich Cuckoos"?
Village of the Damned
Which band from Lancaster, Pennsylvania formed in 2003 has toured with Iwrestledabearonce?
August Burns Red
Dewey Beard or Wasú Máza is often mistaken by historians for a star performer with what?
Buffalo Bill’s Wild West
The main campus of the university that Edward J. Samp went to has how many acres?
933
The Airco DH.9 was named after which British aviation pioneer?
Captain Sir Geoffrey de Havilland
She Is, is the first studio album, released on which date, by the South Korean singer-songwriter Kim Jong-hyun, better known by the mononym Jonghyun, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, and radio host?
May 24, 2016
Muhammad Hafizullah has contributed to guidelines on what type of damage to the cardiac muscle?
Myocardial infarction
Operation Roller Coaster was a series of nuclear tests conducted at a reservation located in what county?
Nye County
Pettson and Findus and Eleanor's Secret were both European stories eventually published in what language?
English
What film was Winston Stona in that was directed by Jon Turteltaub?
Cool Runnings
Billy Henry played for Manchester City and which other current Premier League club?
Leicester City
Which of the founder of Basque artistic group was a Spanish Basque sculptor?
Eduardo Chillida
What country is St. Olaf College in?
America
When was the Austrian band formed that made the album Solo?
in 1973
Kozmic Blues was performed by Janis Joplin as part of which iconic festival set?
Woodstock
When was the third studio album of a Wu-Tang Clan member, which features guest appearances from a member of the duo M.O.P., released?
March 23, 2010
What James Bond theme song was released with "I Lie Around" on the B-side to the single?
"Live and Let Die"
RNZ Concert is a radio network owned by a company headquartered in a city with what population?
405,000
Which has a greater volume a Tierce or a UK Barrel ?
The tierce
What ethnic group was the painter of the wife of the 36th President of the United States part of?
Russian-American
What do the University of California, Davis and University of Oklahoma have in common?
public research university
South Hadley High School became known for a series of bullying incidents that led to an event that led to the criminal prosecution of six teenagers for what charges?
civil rights violations
What team won a two-leg Spanish football match played on 20 August and 23 August 1997, which one contestant won the 66th since its establishment, started on 31 August 1996 and finished on 23 June 1997?
Real Madrid
Who died first, Gheorghe Buzdugan or King Michael?
King Michael
Which organization owns this independent television station for which Frances Rivera worked as a television reporter and anchor until 2011?
Sunbeam Television
What is the stage name of the young female actress who starred in the 2008 American drama Gran Torino directed and produced by Clint Eastwood?
Ahney Her
The Shops at Columbus Circle include which South Plainfield, New Jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel?
Tumi
The Ricks Must be Crazy is a reference to a South African comedy film that was written and directed by who? 
Jamie Uys
What profession does Andy Warhol and Mark L. Lester have in common?
director
Who has recorded more albums, Dennis Agajanian or Mike Connors?
Dennis Agajanian
Where was the professional association football club  for whom Tony Ingham as a defender based? 
White City, London
When was the city that L'Unione Italiana is located in founded?
the 1880s
Marc Abaya appeared in the 2009 Phillippine release of a 2008 computer animated film that was the first installment in the Disney Fairies franchise, and was produced by who?
DisneyToon Studios
The 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards were held at the casino owned by what company?
American Las Vegas Sands
Which was the 15th Disney animated feature film, "Eight Below" or "Lady and the Tramp"?
"Lady and the Tramp"
Havoc and Prodigy appeared in Da Hip Hop Witch with what Detroit rapper?
Eminem
The author of the book De zaak Natalee Holloway was convicted of killing what woman?
Stephany Flores Ramírez
What is the premiere date of this British sitcom on BBC, which starred Helen Monks?
9 May 2016
Yellow is a Bangladesh-based fashion brand and clothing retailer owned by what, the largest of the Yellow stores are located in Bashundhara City Shopping Complex?
Beximco
What band was formed in the 1970s by the writer of Inconciente colectivo?
Sui Generis
What interactive movie video game released in 1993 for the Philips CD-i had a sequel in 1996 starring Dennis Weaver?
Voyeur
Lazzarella, is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Alessandra Panaro and Mario Girotti (later best known as Terence Hill), Hill is an Italian actor, film director, screenwriter and film producer, born on which date? 
29 March 1939
The railway station which serves the Furness line and joins the West Coast Main Line in Lancashire, England is what?
Carnforth railway station
What NFL team shared a coach with the Austrian skydiver best known for setting world records when he jumped from a helium balloon in the stratosphere in October of 2012?
Seattle Seahawks
Which has more species, Calendula or Purshia?
Calendula
Who was born Earlier, Jon Amiel or Michael Ritchie?
Michael Brunswick Ritchie
Which movie was directed first, The Fearless Freaks or Flying Padre?
Flying Padre
Which Welsh composer directed The Constant Nymph?
Ivor Novello
Writer Romeo Muller and actor Jackie Vernon worked in a 1976 animated Christmas television special which is owned by who? 
by Warner Bros.
Whose album was Red?
Taylor Swift
Do John Lanchester and Paul Valéry have the same nationality ?
no
The man, known for his guitar showmanship and founded Led Zeppelin, was born in what year?
1944
Do Victoria Larimore and James Cameron share the same nationality?
no
Who was born more recently, Bryan Howard, or Maurice Greene?
Bryan Howard
Squealer is a fictional character, a pig, in which author's book, "Animal Farm", in the book, he is described as merely a fat pig, but in the 1954 film, he is a pink pig, whereas in the 1999 film, Animal Farm, he is a Tamworth pig who wears a monocle? 
George Orwell
Eleven Times Square is located directly across from the main gateway for interstate buses that opened in what year?
1950
Were both Henry James and Charlotte Perkins Gilman both american writers?
yes
What are alternate names for the type of roof on Ravenswood, a historic home located near Bunceton, Missouri?  
"French roof" or "curb roof"
270 Park Avenue and The Spiral, are located in which city?
New York City
The 2011 Major League Soccer All-Star Game, held on July 27, 2011, was the 16th annual Major League Soccer All-Star Game, Manchester United won the game 4–0 with goals from players, including Daniel Nii Tackie Mensah Welbeck, an English professional footballer who plays for which organization, club Arsenal and the England national team?
Premier League
Pierre Paul Jeanpierre (14 March 1912 – 29 May 1958) was a Frenchman, a soldier of legend in the French Foreign Legion who initially served in the French Army, he fought during which war, was between France and the Algerian National Liberation Front, from 1954 to 1962, which led to Algeria gaining its independence from France?
Algerian War
The debut single from Adelitas Way's debut album is the entrance theme for the bully on a MTV show created by who?
Mark Burnett
Cleopas Ncube was ranked highly in the International event named after which American freestyle wrestler?
David Leslie "Dave" Schultz
Ivar the Boneless had a brother who held what position in the mid-ninth-century?
Viking chieftain
Sergeant James B. Bell received what honor for his actions in the war that broke out April 1861 
Medal of Honor
Randy Newman wrote the country song "Feels Like Home" for which multiple award-winning singer?
Linda Ronstadt
Interstate 80 runs from San Francisco, California to which county of New Jersey?
Bergen County
Clic is a 1974 album whose music has stylistic similarities with an American composer widely regarded as one of the most influential musicians of what?
the late 20th century
Finding Giants will also show film from inside the New York Giants draft room from the 2014 NFL Draft, when they selected which American football center born on July 9, 1991?
American football center
Andy Wright was a sound editor for the 2016 war film directed by whom?
Mel Gibson
When was the tour of Thea Gilmore's EP that included a traditional Scottish song?
2007 spring
Who is the oldest of Odessa Grady Clay's two sons?
Muhammad Ali
The November 1992 tornado outbreak was a three-day tornado outbreak that struck large parts of the Eastern United States and the Midwestern United States on November 21–23, also sometimes referred to as the Widespread Outbreak, as was as which  was the second-largest tornado outbreak on record for a single 24-hour period, just behind the 2011 Super Outbreak, was called?, 
1974 Super Outbreak
Seven Pillars of Wisdom was about the archaeologist who was a liaison during what campaign?
Sinai and Palestine Campaign
What star of Where the Spies Are appeared in "'Allo 'Allo!"
Richard Marner
Edward Sedgwick and John Milius, share which common occupations?
film director, writer
What group does LE rap in?
EXID
What singer began his career as a songwriter and released an album in 2002?
Steve Earle
The stop motion director who directed "Coraline" also co-directed "James and The Giant Peach" with what male director?
Tim Burton
What slogan does the state that has Paul Bunyan Land, go by?
Land of 10,000 Lakes
Martin Fabinyi is an Australian film and television producer and director, songwriter and screenwriter and has written books on the local rock music scene, his film projects include which 2006 Australian adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Macbeth"?
Macbeth
Which magazine is older Woman's Home Companion or The Woman's Viewpoint?
Woman's Home Companion
Where was the magazine publisher based that bought the rights to Retro Gamer from Live Publishing?
UK
The 2015–16 UAB Blazers basketball team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, they played their home games at which location, as members of Conference USA, a collegiate athletic conference whose member institutions are located within the Southern United States?
Bartow Arena
Who directed a 2000 metafiction horror film written by Steven Katz, and starring John Malkovich, who's original writer of the screen play received a B. A. in English and Art History from Brown University in 1982?
E. Elias Merhige
What was Congressman Gerry Eastman Studds censured for in the year that his congressional district was eliminated?
he admitted to an inappropriate relationship with a 17-year-old page
What region of Europe does the mob boss known as Erricone and the boss born January 222, 1862- known as the "boss of bosses"- hail from?
Italy
What date did this television program start that has the opening and closing theme music was written by composer who was an American avant-garde composer, pianist, author and inventor and born July 8, 1900?
20 October 1957
In what year was the college, at which Eric Heenan was educated, founded?
1878
The Media Merchants were run by an English television presenter best known for work on what programme?
Art Attack
What group of islands at the juncture of the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea is Rose Island a part of?
Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Karl Miles Le Compte was a ten-term Republican U.S. Representative from what U.S. state in the Midwestern United States, bordered by the Mississippi River on the east and the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west?
Iowa
What occupation did Cornel Wilde have in common with John M. Stahl?
director
When was the On Giants' Shoulders author born?
6 October 1939
In what city was the Rastelli procedure was developed?
Rochester, Minnesota
The concert venue The Masquerade is located in the lowest level of a shopping and entertainment district first opened in what year?
1969
Are The House of Love and Republica from the same country?
yes
What was first published, Solarquest or CirKis?
SolarQuest
What was the debut album of the author of the poem "A Useless Death" ?
Horses
To whom did this WBA heavyweight champion, that Joe Hipp challenged the championship for in 1995 as the first Native American, lose via knockout?
Mike Tyson
Are both Michaël Llodra and Ferdi Taygan from the United States?
no
In what year did the co-founder of the RedState group blog launch his english-language online magazine?
2013
The Northwest Angle, known simply as the Angle by locals, and coextensive with Angle Township, is a part of northern Lake of the Woods County, the unincorporated community of Angle Inlet is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Angle Township, Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota, in which country?
United States
Who studied law at the University of Melbourne and was married to Zara Bate?
Harold Holt
Who was born first, Franco Malerba or Wubbo Ockels?
Wubbo Johannes Ockels
What type of media does Henry Jackman and The Interview have in common?
film
What is the name of the actress who has appeared in Dr. Alien, 1989 sci-fi comedy film, as well as the cult film "Repo Man" and on television as a child actress in "Little House on the Prairie"?
Olivia Barash
Hallalhotsoot and Chief Joseph were famous members of a native American clan from which U.S. state?
Oregon
The 1984 Troy State Trojans football team represented Troy State University during the 1984 NCAA Division II football season, the 1984 team was led by which former American football coach?
Chan Gailey
What 1970 American born tennis player won the 1990 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles?
Andre Kirk Agassi
Between what years could one have ordered the came house as the Evan F. Ellis Farmhouse?
between 1908 and 1940
With which band was Guðmundur Gunnarsson's daughter initially the lead singer ?
The Sugarcubes,
Ocean Beach is a villiage on Fire Island which is located in one of ten towns in Suffold County New York; Where is it located?
Islip
What year did the film Peter Allen's former spouse won an Academy Award for come out?
1972
What British multinational owns the Holiday Inn in New Dehli?
InterContinental Hotels Group
Which year did the quarterback, known by the nickname Kaep, get drafted?
2011
Jennifer Capriati and Rick Leach, have which previous occupation in common?
former professional tennis player
Who was a director associated with the Czechoslovak New Wave movement., Carla Garapedian or Jaromil Jireš?
Jaromil Jireš
Based in Span and Portugal, which tasty breakfast snack features sprinkled sugar and a mixture of ground cinnamon?
churro
Are Duvalia and Sprekelia both types of plants?
yes
Jang Yeong-sil is a historical drama television series starring a South Korean actor best known for his role in what 2006 hit drama series? 
Jumong
The actress that played Lucy Bates on the tv series "Hill Street Blues" directed what 1992 comedy starring Helen Hunt?
Only You
When did the major battle occur for which Lykele Faber received multiple medals?
17–26 September 1944
Were the bands Too Much Joy and The Jesus and Mary Chain formed in the same country?
no
Which one of the women's service magazines "Seven Sisters" originally published part of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan the Untamed?
Redbook
Ryu Seung-soo was in the 2011 war film directed by whom?
Jang Hoon
When was the film featuring Paul Michael Levesque released?
September 9, 2011
What was the initial magnitude of the earthquake that formed Lake Isom?
7.5–7.9
What festival once featured a trumpeter who awarded Artist of the Year at the 2013 Gramophone Awards.
Royston Arts Festival
The person Barbara Pompili supported in the 2017 presidential election graduated from the École nationale d'administration (ENA) in what year?
2004
Cole Younger was a character on Bronco, which was featured on what network from 1958 to 1962?
ABC
For how many seasons was the running back that Barry Redden was overshadowed by, play in?
eleven
Are the Dead Winter Carpenters and Infamous Stringdusters both bands?
a five-piece Alt-Country band
Which Italian DJ is a member of the same musical group as Jeffrey Jey and Maurizio Lobina ?
Gabry Ponte
Which town is located near Sokpoe in the Volta Region of Ghana and is the capital of South Tongu district?
Sogakope
What sport did Jyoti Chetty of one of the country's three capital cities represent South Africa in at the 2008 summer Olympics?
sabre
Contract, an American album released by Freda Payne for Invictus Records, was compared to music by Diana Ross who performed under a division of what label?
Motown
What show did the group that Joe Kearns has production, vocal production, mixing and engineering credits for win?
UK version of "The X Factor"
Who directed a 1980 American biographical black-and-white sports drama film, that had a French-born American film editor who has worked with the director for over forty years, edit all the films? 
Martin Scorsese
Which brand belongs to the elder brother of the owners of Adidas ?
Puma
Rosa Rio providedsilent film soundtrack accompaniment for which English comic actor?
Charlie Chaplin
What was expanded by the US bicameral legislature by the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1968?
Interstate Highway System
Frodingham TMD is a depot located to the east of a railway station that serves what town?
Scunthorpe in North Lincolnshire, England
Who ran for the Michigan gubernatorial election in 2006 and was a CEO?
Dick DeVos
What is the name of the leguminous tree that creates the flavor Imli for the digestive tablet Hajmola?
Tamarind
Which actor starred in Dr. Cabbie and "The Big Bang Theory"?
Kunal Nayyar
The Mega Powers were a tag team in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the Mega Powers consisted of Hulk Hogan, and "Macho Man" Randy Savage with who, that was an American professional wrestling manager and occasional professional wrestler?
Miss Elizabeth
Who was an English Lawyer and statesman and also has close links with Patrick Barnewall?
Thomas Cromwell
What adult fiction book by Kat Spears in based on a play 1897 by Edmond Rostand?
Sway
ANCAP is a state-owned company involved in the production of a basic ingredient of concrete which was patented in what year?
1824
Chaturanga and Ticket to Ride, are which form of entertainment?
game
When was the son of Sacagawea born  who learned several language from 1823 to 1829?
February 11, 1805
Which Ukranian Canadian businessman is both the owner of an ice hockey team and a successful racehorse breeder?
Eugene Melnyk
Lucas Rodríguez plays as a striker for a club's football team which currently competes in what division?
Primera División
What is the county seat of the county in which Humboldt, Kansas exists?
Iola
What is the sixth British and eighth American studio album by the Rolling Stones, that was the the preceding album of a single in 1968 called "supernatural Delta blues by way of Swinging London"?
Their Satanic Majesties Request
What was the country of origin of one of the major users of Butterfly style in 1980's hockey?
Canada
Andrew Feldman, famous poker player, is sponsored by which online casino?
Full Tilt Poker
Which company created both Puzzle De Pon and Puzzle Bobble?
Taito Corporation
Which collaborator with Nate Dogg was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2017?
Tupac Shakur
Which place, Wall Street Tower or The Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church has had a variety of church buildings?
The Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church
Who created a series that included the "Wizboy" episode?
Eric Robles
Tom Watkins played college football for a team that plays their home games at what stadium?
Jack Trice Stadium
James Tarpey is best known for playing a Young Peter Page in what British-American comic science fiction film that was directed by Edgar Wright?
The World's End
What actress starred in The Edge of Night and a film directed by Newt Arnold?
Leah Ayres
Who was born first, Hansi Kürsch or Max Green?
Hansi Kürsch
What do these both have in common, the military or the secret service?
military
What country does Babe Ruth and Hatfield, Hertfordshire have in common?
England
Call Me is the theme to "American Gigolo", written by a rock band of which nationality?
American
When was Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab attempting to detonate plastic explosives on Northwest Airlines Flight 253?
Christmas Day, December 25, 2009
Where did Antony Alda's father move during the early 1960s?
Italy
The Little River and Gorham, Maine reside in what county?
Cumberland County
Which long-running tournament in Madison Square Garden is held annually by which Division I multi-sport conference?
Big East Conference
Seth Adkins played Pinocchio in the movie with original songs by whom?
Stephen Schwartz
Noura was the first Algerian to appear on the front page of of which French-language weekly news magazine?
Paris Match
Which brand of Tennessee whiskey distilled in a dry county was allegedly used by "Super Joe" Charboneau as an anesthetic when he fixed a broken nose with a pair of pliers?
Jack Daniel's
Are Cyathea and Carpobrotus similar plants?
no
Who directed the 2008 film for which Eddie Marson won Best Supporting Actor?
Mike Leigh
Notes from the Outernet is a book of photographs taken by the actor who achieved recognition for his role on what 1994 TV series?
My So-Called Life
When was host of 2016 KBS Drama Awards Kim Ji-won born?
October 19, 1992
What movie was released 64 years after the original film, which includes Thumper, a fictional rabbit character from Disney?
Bambi II
What is the population of the geographical region with a relatively high population density at its core and close economic ties throught the area that is in Lebanon Country, Pennsylvania?
7,096
Keith Justin Hetrick has worked with an American rapper who is best known for "Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae), which reached what number on the Billboard Hot 100?
three
Saint Paul, Minnesota, is which of the largest metropolitan areas in the US? 
16th-largest
Letter from a Thief is by a band formed in what Chicago suburb?
Wildwood, Illinois
When was the brother of dancer Gregory Hines and creator of Uptown... It's Hot! born?
born December 13, 1943
Which architect designed the building in which Mervyn Herbert was born ?
Charles Barry,
Does the genus Phoenix have more known species than the genus Dichroa?
yes
For what AMC TV show did Director Rian Johnson direct three episodes, including the 50th episode?
Breaking Bad
What album was the song Gentleman on?
Psy 6 (Six Rules), Part 1
What do The Man Who Skied Down Everest and Innocence have in common?
documentary
65 injured passengers between hilo and honolulu were aboard what flight?
Aloha Airlines Flight 243
Are both Justin Currie and Kyo Japanese singers?
no
What is the largest subaerial volcano in the Hawaiian - Emperor seamount chain?
Mauna Loa
The bombing of Romania in World War II comprised two series of events: until August 1944, Allied operations, and, following the overthrow of Ion Victor Antonescu's dictatorship, operations by Nazi Germany, Antonescu was a Romanian soldier and authoritarian politician who, as the Prime Minister and "Conducător" during most of World War II, presided over how many successive wartime dictatorships?
two
What mall in Sacramento ,California, USA is located near Royal Oaks?
Arden Fair Mall
What distinctive surface is the historic Merton Street, that runs parallel to High Street in the southeastern university city of Oxford, England?
cobbled
Which author wrote in more literary forms, Mary Doria Russell or Dorothy Parker?
Dorothy Parker
Chad's president in 1982 was brought to justice by who? 
Jacqueline Moudeina
Taylor McLam composed music for commercials advertising what light beer based in Milwaukee, sold by MillerCoors?
Miller Lite
In which year did Tom Gray aid in the discovery of a hominid fossil
1974
Which voice actor in Kung Fu Magoo also appeared on Grey's Anatomy?
Maile Flanagan
The Gävle goat is a giant version of a Yule Goat which is a Scandinavian and Northern European Yule and Christmas symbol and tradition, what country is the Gävle goat located in? 
Sweden
What is the name of the designer of the locomotive used on the public rapid transit system serving London and some parts of the adjacent counties of Buckinghamshire, Essex and hertfordshire in the United Kingdom?
John Fowler
Hani Ramadan, is a Swiss Imam originally from where, he is the brother of prominent Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan, a Swiss academic, philosopher and writer?
Egypt
Where is the company presently based that bought the company founded by George Coles ?
Perth
Who directed the movie that Christa Campbell was in that starred Nicolas Cage and Amber Heard?
Patrick Lussier
Michael Doret is known for being a designer and illustrator for what movie produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios?
Wreck-It Ralph
When was the bridge named after Germany's most visited landmark replaced?
1911
Who published Paranoid by Kanye West?
Roc-A-Fella Records
In what year was the actress who was starred in the 1996 film "Skyscraper" born?
1967
The company that produces Vodka Cruiser is a subsidiary of a brewery company headquartered in what city?
Tokyo
Who sang the popular song, whose title means "play it again" in Bajan Creole and was co-produced by Vada Nobles?
Rihanna
What was the second studio album of the singer featured in the Harajuku Lovers Tour?
"The Sweet Escape"
English actor John Alderton plays Thomas Watkins in which British TV drama series?
Upstairs, Downstairs
David J. Wineland won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics along with the French phyisicist who studied what particle?
photon
John of Arsuf was the regent of Jerusalem under which memberof the Hohenstaufen dynasty?
Conrad
Which movie starring Russell Crow was about the world heavyweight boxing champion from 1935 to 1937?
Cinderella Man
New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey play at the center that was built for what sum?
$30 million
Mónica Cruz Sánchez is the younger sister of a Spanish model who mader her feature film debut in what movie?
Jamón Jamón
When was the alternative to the Easter Bilby first mentioned?
1682
What album was released by the band who made the song "Mississippi Queen" in 1985?
Go for Your Life
What is the ammunition belt, often nicknamed "Dashka", found with the Type 77 heavy machine gun?
DShK
Are Mark Wystrach and Doc Neeson of the same nationality?
no
During which season of the UK version of "The X Factor" did the group, who released the song "Black Magic", form?
eighth
The "Dreadnought" is a type of acoustic guitar body developed by a manufacturer established in this year?
1833
The head coach of the 2014–15 Missouri Tigers women's basketball team replaced what former head coach in 2010?
Cindy Stein
What continent is the Balls Head Reserve and Sydney Harbour Bridge located?
Australia
Paul Di'Anno and Joe Gooch participated in what band position?
vocalist
Are MiMA and Mount Loretto Unique Area both located in the same city?
yes
Where was the project Joseph McMoneagle was recruited for established?
Fort Meade, Maryland
Which village near the Holy Trinity Church in England has a population of 776 as of 2011?
Tebay
Desperate starred an actor known for roles in Perry Mason and what else?
Ironside
Who is an American writer and producer, who wrote several episodes of the animated television sitcom "The Simpsons" between 1993 and 1997 who also directed the seventeenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" ?
Brent Forrester
Alf Ellison was the chairman of operations at what farm implement maker in the United Kingdom?
Blackstone & Co.
The King of England, who William Scott presided over trials resulting from this purge of the administration, reigned for how long?
50 years
 The Armenian Nuclear Power Plant is located only 36 kilometers west of a city situated along what river?
Hrazdan
SV Werder Bremen won its first ever German double, clinching both Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal, Werder lost both Aílton and defensive senior talisman Mladen Krstajić to Schalke 04, Krstajić is a former Serbian footballer who played as a centre back, born on which date?
4 March 1974
Who was born first, Benjamin Britten or Gaetano Donizetti?
Domenico Gaetano Maria Donizetti
Gândul Mâței and KMFDM, are what type of musical organization?
band
What city was the location of a a 1990 horror comedy film directed by Claudio Fragasso (under the pseudonym Drake Floyd) and starring Michael Stephenson, George Hardy, Margo Prey, Connie McFarland, Deborah Reed and Jason Wright?
Morgan
Which tennis player is still playing, Yan Zi or Richard Krajicek?
Richard Peter Stanislav Krajicek
 In a Metal Mood: No More Mr. Nice Guy is a 1997 album by an American who had how many top-40 hits?
38
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel  features which English actor who has been active in television and film since 1964 born on June 7, 1940?
Ronald Pickup
How long is the railway on which Newby Bridge Halt is located?
3.2 mi
Which composer was born first, Antonio Salieri or Hans Werner Henze?
Antonio Salieri
Who played Jessie in the movie containing the Randy Newman song When She Loved Me?
Joan Cusack
A Singapore art and science museum is among the attractions run by which Las Vegas company, owners of the Venetian?
Las Vegas Sands
What sports drama film starring Ha Ji-won was Choi Yoon-young also in?
As One
Which actress who won an Oscar for portraying Fania Borach in the 1964 musical "Funny Girl", was also noted for winning ten Grammy Awards?
Barbra Streisand
Which movie came out first Chimpanzee or The Lizzie McGuire Movie ?
The Lizzie McGuire Movie
Mali Finn cast which New Zealand citizen as an actor in one of her films?
Russell Ira Crowe
Where is the Andalusian polymath who gave his name to a genus of trees buried?
Córdoba
When was the American actor who made Starship music and lyrics born 
February 5, 1987
Who has more scope of profession, Louis L'Amour or D. H. Lawrence?
David Herbert Lawrence
Bernardo de Muro debuted in performing in "Cavalleria rusticana" by the Italian composer who ushered in which movement?
Verismo
What nickname is preferred by the athlete selected by the Sand Francisco 49ers in the second round of the 2011 NFL Draft?
Kap
Robert Lepage and Jean Genet, are of which nationality?
French
Where was the steam engine restored to operational condition in 2014 built for? 
Australia
How many species does this genus, after which Disk Usage Analyzer was originally named, have?
nine
What World War II facility, near Childersburg, Alabama was the site of the P-9 Project from 1943 to 1945?
The Alabama Army Ammunition Plant
When was the deputy head of the "Abwehr" was born?
9 August 1887
Who directed more films, Edward H. Griffith or Hans Behrendt?
Edward H. Griffith
Burrs Country Park railway station is what stop on the railway line that runs between Heywood and Rawtenstall
seventh
What state is the university, in which Albert Levitt was a professor, located?
Virginia
When was the English poet born who introduced Ernest Hemingway: The Collected Stories?
25 April 1949
Which has more members,  Ray Toro or Drowners?
Drowners
Which opera premiered first, Der Freischütz or Orfeo ed Euridice?
Orfeo ed Euridice
The Mississippi State Bulldogs football team played their home games in 1995 at a field located in what Mississippi County?
Oktibbeha
Araluen Creek, a partly perennial stream of the Moruya River catchment, is located in the Southern Tablelands and which narrow coastal belt from Sydney in the north to the border with Victoria in the south in the south-eastern part of the State of New South Wales, Australia??
South Coast
Timothy Reid McClelland many important games including one played between the Kansas City Royals and New York Yankees on what date?
July 24, 1983
Who developed the program used to create the 147th episode of South Park?
Ambrosia Software
The hockey club that hosted the 2003 Spengler Cup plays in which league?
National League
Susan Patterson Dalian, is an American actress, who is primarily known among anime fans as the voice of Haku, in the first season of "Naruto", and its related video games, she voices which fictional superhero, appearing in American comic books, published by Marvel Comics, commonly associated with the X-Men?
Storm
Who was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical era; Pietro Mascagni or Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
In the capital of what district is The Presbyterian University College, Ghana?
Kwahu East district
which rock group is originally consists of more frontman, Saint Asonia or The Fatima Mansions?
Saint Asonia
In what mountain range is the resort that Nancy Massie Meadows served as social director of located?
Allegheny Mountains
Which team won the 1914 championship of the Big Ten Conference? 
Illinois
In what region would you probably find both Beaucarnea and Cybistax?
Central America
Which movie, The Happiest Millionaire or Inside Out, was produced more recently?
Inside Out
IN which musical based on a book by James Graham, did Kristy Cates play Ms. Bassett? 
Finding Neverland
how is Catherine Wheel and The Go-Betweens related?
rock band
Kenneth Cortsen is a researcher at the research university, founded in 1928, located in what country?
Denmark
What is the latest animated sitcom series by David Stern, the screenwriter who has worked on The Wonder Years and The Simpsons?
Ugly Americans
Which Indian singer participated in Indian Idol and also sung a duet with Arijit Singh?
Asees Kaur
Do both Mehran University of Engineering and Technology and Florida Institute of Technology specialize in STEM education?
yes
What Indian shopping center won an award in 2016 and is under the jurisdiction of Pataliputra police station?
P&M Mall
Which team does the manager of the 2001-02 Valencia team, now manage ?
Newcastle United
David Frederick Wallace was the brother of a First Lady who was married to which President?
Harry S. Truman
when was the American rapper, actor, television host,  that featured in  Up in Smoke Tourborn 
born September 18, 1974
The Republican nominee in the 2012 United States Senate election in Michigan represented Michigan's 2nd congressional district between what years?
1993 to 2011
What player nicknamed "Roger the Dodger" helped to keep the 1979 Washington Redskins from getting the final wild-card slot?
Roger Staubach
How are Fred Guiol and Stuart Paton alike?
film director and screenwriter.
The king during  the 166th year of the Rattanakosin Kingdom of Thailand served for how many years and days?
70 years, 126 days
Are Balance and Composure and Cloud Control both alternative rock bands?
yes
When was the Polish politician and former Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland, who was a Doctor of Law, and who candidated from a right-wing populist, national-conservative, and Christian democratic political party in Poland, elected to the Sejm?
September 25, 2005
Which singer formed a band first, Chris Martin or Jimmy Gestapo?
Jimmy Gestapo
What movie starring Ellen Page was directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody, premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival?
"Juno"
What industrial metal band had a single from their 1992 album called "Just One Fix" which featured samples from the 1986 British biopic "Sid and Nancy"? 
Ministry
What do Constantine Maroulis and Feargal Sharkey have in common? 
singer
Who was a better selling artist, Onew or Sonya Scarlet?
Onew
In what year did Kraft, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg's father die?
1960
Pherenikos is celebrated in epinikions, what are they?
victory odes
During the 2008-2009 season, Josh Chapman served as the backup to a player that played college football at what university?
University of Alabama
Are Macworld and College Humor both magazines?
no
Cinergi Pictures, production company behind Judge Dredd, also produced a major hit film relating to ex-president Richard Nixon called what?
Nixon
Are both Robin White and Maria Sharapova professional tennis players?
yes
What artists front his own band, The Fighting Hearts, and also co-founded the hard rock/heavy metal band The Almighty?
Ricky Warwick
What is the population of census-designated place (CDP) which was  Joe Bertram hometown
20,881 at the 2010 census
The 5th street bridge, also known as the Arthur J. DiTommaso Memorial Bridge, is a cable stayed bridge in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, in which country?
United States
What American film actress, best known for her role as Valerie Harper's younger sister in Rhoda, also starred in the 1992 film "This is My Life"?
Julie Kavner
What British intelligence officer worked as a double agent for the Soviet Union and was recruited by Arnold Deutsch?
Kim Philby
Anna Guseva is a Russian distance swimmer, she competed in the Women's marathon 10 kilometre, finishing in 10th place, in which 2012 major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games, as governed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC)?
2012 Summer Olympics
An early style of Blues music originated in a region that some people call, "The most southern place on Earth", what is the name of that region?
Mississippi Delta
Which tennis player, Marion Bartoli or Geoff Masters, had a more prominent career in singles tennis matches?
Marion Bartoli
Walla Crag is a fell in the English Lake District, near Keswick, and a subsidiary top of  Bleaberry Fell is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England, with a height of what?
590 metres
On the field of what school district do the Southern Maine Rebels play Football
Portland Public Schools district.
Who is the author of the fairy tale that the 1948 movie by the Archers is based on?
Hans Christian Andersen
Are Rays from the Rose Cross and The Freeman both magazines?
yes
Lee Tae-im had a role in the 2014 action noir film directed by whom?
Park Sang-jun
What organization did the author of "Physics for Future Presidents" found in 2010?
Berkeley Earth
What kind of political party was nicknamed Tory Action and had a British army officer, barrister, and politician as a member?
British Conservative Party
Which associate of George Popham was known as, the "Father of English Colonization in North America,"? 
Sir Ferdinando Gorges
Swearnet: The Movie actor Mike Smith is best known for his role in the tv series "Trailer Park Boys" as a character named what?
Bubbles
In what year was the physicist after whom the van der Waals forces were named born?
1837
When was the writer of "Public Speaking and Influencing Men In Business" born?
November 24, 1888
Which actress, from Enid, Oklahoma, portrayed Lucy Coe in the ABC Daytime soap operas "General Hospital" and "Port Charles"?
Lynn Herring
Rossif Sutherland's half brother earned numerous awards for which show on Fox?
24
Which dog is bigger, the Neapolitan Mastiff or the Bedlington Terrier?
Neapolitan Mastiff
Dorothea von Salviati's father-in-law was born on what date?
6 May 1882
What is the full name of the Portuguese footballer who kicked the winning goal in the 2004 Coupe de France Final?
Pedro Miguel Carreiro Resendes
What American former federal prosecutor lost the Republican nomination for the seat in a runoff on July 22, 2014 to Barry Loudermilk? 
Bob Barr
Which song did Metallica release in 1991 from their fifth album that is one of their most well known?
Enter Sandman
Which United States Secretary of Energy has hosted the Texas Conference for Women?
Rick Perry
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the county in which Loma, Montana is located?
5,813
Which battle ended first, Battle of the Bulge or Battle of Anzio?
Battle of Anzio
Buckner Building was slightly damaged by a 9.2 earthquake that occurred on which day ?
on Good Friday, March 27
What boxing title did Walter Matthysse's brother hold from 2012 to 2013?
WBC interim super lightweight title
What channel aired the stand up special Buddies by Dave Chappelle in 1996?
ABC
What activity, restricted or banned in many countries, was the business of the murder victim of the "Pink Skirt Murder"?
Online gambling
Which team the player belongs to after which  Ahmad Khormali wears pyjama-like tracksuit bottoms while playing? 
Szombathelyi Haladás
Both Arthur C. Clarke and John Richardson are noted literary figures, the first as a science fiction author and the second as a reviewer for which publication?
The New Observer
Which canal supplies a Hydropower plant, Alexandria Canal or Edison Sault Power Canal?
Edison Sault Power Canal
The 45-member male choir from South Australia was featured in which South Australian newspaper?
South Australian Register
what kind of music is in Vanessa and King Priam?
opera
Who produced the 1984 British biographical drama film about the Khmer Rouge that was directed by the same person that directed You and I?
David Puttnam
When was the member of Dillard & Clark who also played in the Byrds born?
1944
Which EGOT winning American composer composed Sunshine, Lollipops and Rainbows?
Marvin Hamlisch
Which of the actors starred in "Apollo 18" was born in November 1975?
Warren Christie
The namesake of Amundsen Bay reached the South Pole in what year?
1911
What is most often the purpose of the genre of literature that Jackboots on Whitehall belongs in?
constructive social criticism
How far north of the centre of Melbourne is the zoo where Queenie the elephant gave rides for children for 40 years located?
4 km
How far is the Radar Operations Center (ROC) from downtown Oklahoma City? 
20 mi
What was the founder of the Material World Charitable Foundation often referred to as?
the quiet Beatle
The 1996 Air Force Falcons finished the season with a 5–3 record in in an American collegiate athletic conference formed on what date?
July 27, 1962
Up to His Neck is a 1954 British comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs, Rakiki was played by which English comedy actress of stage, radio and screen, born on 7 February 1922?
Josephine Edwina "Hattie" Jacques
Are Semiarundinaria and Choisya in the same family?
no
What Italian-Canadian actor best known for his roles on "Reign",starred in a Canadian comedy web series?
Giacomo Keaton Gianniotti
Frank Schaeffer, son of the late Edith Schaeffer, wrote which acclaimed novels? 
"Portofino", "Zermatt", and "Saving Grandma".
 The 2012 Olympic hunger summit was held at the official residence and office of who?
First Lord of the Treasury
Were both Armor for Sleep and Stone Sour formed in New Jersey?
no
What was the full name of the leader of the band that Tommy Duncan was a part of?
James Robert Wills
Santa Rosa de Leales is a settlement in which most most densly populated province in Argentina?
Tucumán Province
The bridge crossing the Nemunas River is named after which Lithuanian painter and writer?
Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis
Which Australian mammalogist wrote Chasing Kangaroos 
Timothy Fridtjof
Cooper pairs were first described by an American physicist born in what year?
1930
Were Julia Alvarez and Raymond Queneau novelists?
yes
The main battle tank that Centurion ARV Mk II was based on was used introduced in what year?
1945
WHAT 1904 PLAY DID JEROME ROBBINS WORK ON?
Peter Pan
Terri Lynn Land lost the general election to a politician who was the U.S. Representative for what?
Michigan 's 14 congressional district
Viscount Grant, also known as Gable, who was the winner of the title of Best In Show at the Crufts dog show in 1987, was the Afghan Hound is a hound that is distinguished by its thick, fine, silky coat and its tail with a ring curl at the end, selectively bred for its unique features in the cold mountains of which country?
Afghanistan
What is the name of this song by English rock band the Beatles that was introduced for the first time on American radio by Marsha Albert?
I Want to Hold Your Hand
Dark Light is a studio album by the gothic rock band from what city?
Helsinki
Were both Georges Bataille and Edward Abbey both writing about political views?
no
Are both Yan'an and Hunchun in the same Chinese province ?
no
Chris Taylor stared in a film directed by who?
Joel Silberg
In 2013, what was the population of the city in which Cosimo Ulivelli was mainly active?
383,083
On which date was the treaty signed by the Ottoman government rebelled against by The Turkish National Movement?
10 August 1920
The first four minute mile was ran by an athlete who also worked as an academic and what other profession?
physician
Which is based on the series "Fung Wan," Storm Rider Clash of the Evils or Fresh Pretty Cure!?
Storm Rider Clash of the Evils
Who played the role of British historian Michael Aris in the film The Lady ?
David Thewlis
What is the author that wrote Adam Bede a foremost practitioner of?
Marriage plot is a term used, often in academic circles, to categorize a storyline that recurs in novels most prominently and more recently in films.
Eric Radomski is a producer an co-creator of a series that premiered on what television channel?
Disney XD
Which Quaid brother did Thomas Danneberg not dub over?
Randy Quaid
What was the original name of the rock band formed by the person who co-wrote three songs on Natalie Imbruglia's fourth studio album?
Pectoralz
Who directed the 1991 sport comedy film the nominee for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Jagged Edge" starred in?
Stan Dragoti
 Light In The Attic Records has re-released works by what artist who disapeared in 1975?
Jim Sullivan
What event occured at the Red Bull Arena in Salzburg, Austria and Switzerland in 2008?
UEFA Euro 2008
What drummer replaced Lee Kerslake as drummer for Ozzy Osbourne and go on to perform with Whitesnake, Ted Nugent, and Thin Lizzy as well?
Tommy Aldridge
What was the nickname of the boxer that lost to Tiger Flowers  in the World Colored Middleweight Championship on 26 November 1926?
The Pittsburgh Windmill
What is the name of the magazine that Funk & Wagnalls published thateventually merged with two similar weekly magazines, "Public Opinion" and "Current Opinion"? 
The Literary Digest
What was the name of the album Michael W. Smith recorded at the seventh-largest church in the United States?
Worship Again
Which two prep schools are located in the birthplace of the one known for the order given to soldiers to conserve their limited stocks of ammunition?
Groton School, founded in 1884, and Lawrence Academy at Groton
A Russian actor appeared in a film about a group of Westerners trying to flee Hungary released in what year?
1959
From the Scandinavian ancestry line who intermarried?
Swedish Americans
What Australian actor may have influenced the making of Miley Cyrus' album, "Younger Now"?
Liam Hemsworth
Which director with the middle name Jerome helped work which movie with Roger Avary?
Pulp Fiction
Where is the school which is football rivalry of the The Hill School located? 
the historic Lawrenceville section of Lawrence Township
Are Life in the Undergrowth and Feiyu Show both documentaries ?
yes
What party was the person who broke Barbara Anne Castle's record as the longest-serving female MP in the House of Commons?
Labour Party
William Henry Leonard Poe is the older brother of another male poet that was born in what year?
1809
In 2010 actor Michael Cera portrayed Scott Pilgrim, who lives where?
Toronto, Ontario
Summertown is a town in the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia, in which country?
Australia
Kerry Hilson wrote songs for which female group started in Los Angeles?
The Pussycat Dolls
Ronan the Accuser is an officer of what fictional Marvel Comics alien race?
Kree
Who directed a 2011 British horror film starring an actress who trained at Royal Academy of Dramatic Art?
Nick Murphy
Josefina Villamil Tinajero is a Mexican-American educator and author, she has worked as a professor of bilingual education at which public research university in El Paso, Texas, United States?
University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP)
As what super villain did the alleged sister of Zaladane appear ?
Malice
Are the magazines, Nat Mags and Plaza Kvinna published in the same country?
no
When was the railroad opened which is north to the Bates Pond?
1947
What is the given name of the American rapper who wrote the song "3005"?
Donald Glover
What is the real name of the person who decided on the CD name "Sad Clown Bad Dub II" along with the producer, Ant?
Sean Michael Daley
In between Michael Curtiz and Peter Segal who directed classic films from the silent era and numerous others during Hollywood's Golden Age?
Michael Curtiz
Who was the acting mayor of Detroit when Hazen S. Pingree resigned from office in 1897?
William Richert
AeroLogic is a joint venture between Lufthansa and the division of what logistics company?
Deutsche Post DHL
Belron's United States brand is based in what American city?
Columbus, Ohio
The person who resigned before Robin Fontes assumed her current position served in the Army for how many years?
33
The Riot Club is a 2014 British drama film directed by Lone Scherfig and written by Laura Wade, the Riot Club was often described as a thinly veiled version of which exclusive but unofficial all-male students' dining club based in Oxford, called?
Bullingdon Club
Who had a pre-excitation syndrome of the heart named after him and introduced a new use for the drug lidocaine?
Bernard Lown
What is a documentary film by Sandy Cioffi about Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta, Trembling Before G-d or Sweet Crude ?
Sweet Crude
The Stevenage railway station and Watton-at-Stone railway station both serves which town?
serves the town of Stevenage in Hertfordshire, England
during the 2011 Major League Baseball draft the Pittsburgh Pirates selected what pitcher that attended the University of California?
Gerrit Cole
The front man for the band The Ballas Hough Band was born in what year?
1986
In what year was Jonas Hummels's older brother born?
1988
Removed from circulation in 1999, the fillér was the Hungartian subunit of what Austro-Hungarian currency?
The Krone
Are Amanda Wilkinson and Lee Gi-kwang both singers?
yes
Which country used small and fast naval ships designated to carry torpedoes into battle during the First World War?
Italy
Which English philosopher did Henry Seymour believe authored plays under the pseudonym of William Shakespeare?
Sir Francis Bacon
When was the American singer and musician born who was also the client of Vern Yocum?
April 15, 1933
English National Opera commissions and premieres and The London Coliseum are both of which origin?
British
This Indian music composer presented a 2017 Marathi film which marked the debut of which two actors?
Sumant Shinde and Pratik Lad
The 1965 Memorial Cup final was the 47th junior ice hockey championship of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association, the George Richardson Memorial Trophy champions is which organization, that were two junior ice hockey franchises, that played in the top tier in the Ontario Hockey Association?
Niagara Falls Flyers
Who was born first, C. S. Forester or Lionel Trilling?
Cecil Louis Troughton Smith
Are Stanley Tucci and David Giler of the same nationality?
yes
Did both Pekka Karjalainen and John Ince work as a film director?
yes
The village and civil parish Keisley is a hamlet in is mostly had a population of what in 2011?
204
Which singer whose stage name references a New York City subway station debuted her first album at number two on the Billboard 200 chart?
Halsey
Brian Emanuel Schatz was appointed by a Governor from what political party?
Democratic Party
California State Route 242 ends in which largest city of Contra Costa county?
Concord
Who directed a 1987 horror film starring an actor known for films such as The Breakfast Club and Trading Places?
Roland Emmerich
How many Grammy Awards did one of William Vennard's students, Marilyn Horne win?
four
The Duchess of Cornwall uses her title instead of what other title, the title held by the first wife of Prince Charles?
Princess of Wales
What Beatles song recorded in 1963 was used to close out the each episode of the television show Young Talent Time?
All My Loving
What was the 2014 population size of the Brazilian city where the band  Cavaleiros do Forró formed?
862,044
George Rogers Howell served in what office at one of the oldest museums in the United States? 
secretary
What award did the subject of the song "What Do You Want from Me?" by Peter Hook win? 
BAFTA
Carol A. Beier was a Kansas Supreme Court justice appointed by the politician who served as Secretary of what Cabinet position?
Health and Human Services
 During Clifton M. Speegle tenure, Oklahoma State was 0–8 in the Bedlam Series which is the athletics rivalry between the University of Oklahoma Sooners and what team?
Oklahoma State University Cowboys
The Falcons–Saints rivalry shared which Danish former kicker?
Morten Andersen
Tom Amstutz is a native of a city founded on the west bank of what river?
Maumee River
Sundays at Tiffany's was co-written by which American author and philanthopist?
James Brendan Patterson
Clan Henderson has a historical seat at what 16th-century tower house?
Fordell Castle
What Governor resided over the nuclear waste area located on federal land?
Robert Frank "Bob" List
Between Peter Cattaneo and Seth Grahame-Smith, who has had a more diverse career?
Seth Grahame-Smith
What actor is in both HBO series Treme and The Duece?
Christopher James "Chris" Coy
Richard Conte appeared in which 1960 heist film, famously filled with Rat Pack stars?
Ocean's 11
What job does the promotor of the term "Alt-Right" Richard Spencer have?
He is president of the National Policy Institute
Mount Moor African-American Cemetery, is located in what mall, in West Nyack, New York, is the second-largest shopping mall in New York?
Palisades Center
 Otto Stern is the second most nominated person for a Nobel Prize behind a German theoretical physicist who pioneered developments in what?
atomic and quantum physics
Who else founded the Brooklyn Brewery with Tom Potter?
Steve Hindy
 "I Gotcha Now" is a song featuring strings similar to a song released on what date?
November 1967
Ricardo Viñes, a Spanish pianist, premiered the works of Maurice Ravel, who is associated with what style?
impressionism
Wait Till Next Year is a 1988 memoir by Mike Lupica an an American novelist who has won how many Academy Awards?
two
What  Indian people living near Rock Hill, South Carolina was Fort Dobbs meant to protect against?
The Catawba
Are André Gide and Ryūnosuke Akutagawa of the same nationality?
no
What Northern Irish comic stars in the 2017 film Jawbone with Johnny Harris, Ray Winstone, and Ian McShane?
Michael Smiley
What was the group behind the album Hell: The Sequel formed?
1997
Which role did the only non-American from Pajama Party originate in the Broadway musical "Rent"?
Mimi Marquez
Which author was also a soul/jazz poet and musician, Susan Vreeland or Gil Scott-Heron?
Gilbert "Gil" Scott-Heron
The last team that footballer Lukas Sinkiewicz played for was in what city?
Regensburg, Bavaria
What mall was first constucted in August 1977 and is located near Manchester-Boston Regional Airport?
Mall of New Hampshire
Staughton Craig Lynd, is an American conscientious objector, Quaker, peace activist and civil rights activist, tax resister, historian, professor, author and lawyer, his involvement in social justice causes has brought him into contact with some of the nation's most influential activists, including which American Jesuit priest, anti-war activist, and poet?
Daniel Joseph Berrigan
Who is a University of British Columbia film professor, Rachel Talalay or Alain Resnais?
Rachel Talalay
What is the birthdate of this monarch of three kingdoms of England, Scottland, and Ireland, who attempted to escape from Carisbrooke Castle?
19 November 1600
Mike's New Car is a film directed by this director, called "almost universally successful" by which group?
The A.V. Club
What electorate was an Australian politician ,who was a law lecturer at a national research university located in Canberra, representing ?
Kurrajong
The Great Comet of 1819 was analyzed by an astrologist born in which village ?
Estagel
Who is younger, Emily Whitehurst or Anette Olzon?
Emily Grace Whitehurst
What Irish born actress stars in They Met in Argentina?
Maureen O'Hara
Was the ruling for both Hernandez v. Texas and Berman v. Parker unanimous?
yes
Are Euridice and Les pêcheurs de perlesboth operas?
yes
Manthiri Kumari, is a Indian Tamil historical fiction film, released in which year, T. M. Soundararajan, was a playback singer in Kollywood for over six decades, and sang for very first time for Ramachandran in this film?
1950
Engineer Richard B. Hoover published research in what journal in which Rudolph Schild is the editor-in-chief and executive director of?
Journal of Cosmology
Which American superhero action-adventure television series developed by Ali Adler, Greg Berlanti, and Andrew Kreisberg stars American actress Calista Flockhart?
Supergirl
My Stroke of Insight is a non-fiction book by an author born in what year?
1959
Which piece of their target audience is similar to both Femina and Today's Housewife?
women
What is the capital of a state that includes the Devonian Foreknobs Formation?
Charleston
Second album The Message and its single It Was Written are by which rapper?
Nas
Who founded the university where one would find Gerd B. Müller as head of a branch of biology?
Duke Rudolph IV
On what TV program did the man who played Herman Blume in the movie Rushmore first gain exposure?
Saturday Night Live
John Huggins was the leader of an organization orginally called what?
Black Panther Party for Self-Defense
Pyrethrum is a genus of flower native to which continent?
Asia
The Major of the British and Dutch colonists that were attacked by colonial British troops in 1691 also served as what for Albany, New York?
mayor
In which county was Joseph A. Griffo born?
Oneida County
Which magazine The Atlantic or Reptiles have more platforms?
The Atlantic
What group, who's goal includes the conservation of biological diversity had Ahmed Djoghlaf been Executive Secretary of?
Convention on Biological Diversity
Which founder of Lastminute.com is also a philanthropist?
Martha Lane Fox
Buddhism is a major religion in Hong Kong and has been greatly influential in the traditional culture of its populace, among the most prominent Buddhist temples in the city there are the Po Lin Monastery on Lantau Island, the largest island in Hong Kong, located at the mouth, of which location?
Pearl River
Edward Goyle was the set decorator on which epic drama film based on a novel by James A. Michener?
Hawaii
What is the capital and largest city of Bosnia, a location were the United Nations Security Council Resolution 727 was also signed?
Sarajevo
When was the American singer-songwriter who was a  band mate in Rick Lober born? 
December 13, 1948
Harold Lightman was born in a city whose history can be traced to when?
5th century
Worker: Billy McFarland was charged with fraud involving a music festival set to take place on what Bahamian island?
Great Exuma
Mark McGrath has played for the Washington Redskins and a team that joined the NFL as an expansion team in what year?
1976
What action does Moves and The Artist's Magazine have in common?
published
Derick Neikirk competes for which wrestling alliance based in Phoenix, Arizona?
Impact Zone Wrestling
Which Korean artist is younger: Moon Hee-joon or Bada?
Bada
In between Jeremy Kagan and Hans Richterwho was a  German painter?
Hans Richter
The 2016 New York Jets was coached by somewho played how many seasons in the NFL?
eight
Which was founded first University of Iowa or Polytechnic University of the Philippines?
The University of Iowa
What Australian municipality covers the inner eastern suburbs of Adelaide and has a population of 34,000?
City of Norwood Payneham & St Peters
Which American computer animated road-comedy-adventure film is Bolt  based on 
Bolt
Are Jackson Hole Airport and Yeager Airport both public?
yes
What is the dialect that distinguishes British English from World English?
Yorkshire
In what year was the South African-born English actor who starred in the film "Paris Calling" born?
1892
 Hydra is an album by Within Temptation and contains guest appearances by an American metalcore vocalist best known for being the vocalist of what two bands?
Killswitch Engage and Blood Has Been Shed
Who was the first European Space Agency astronaut to command a space mission, Patrick Baudry or Frank De Winne?
Frank, Viscount De Winne
What is the name of the American football coach born in 1967, who is in his fifth season, as of 2017, with the Idaho Vandals football team?
Paul Petrino
What is the name of the rapper who was featured by Goldie Loc on his album Eastsideridaz who died on MArch 15, 2011?
Nate Dogg
Were Michael Winner and Guy Hamilton both English film directors?
yes
Which album has the re-recorded version of Lords of Summer and holds the record for having longest gap between its previous album?
Hardwired... to Self-Destruct
When was the actor who starred in the movie Gryphon and as the voice of Pops in "Johnny Bravo" born? 
February 21, 1950
Known for his voice-over as "Ren and Stimpy", this actor also voiced what character on "Futurama"?
Philip J. Fry
Which part of the Mount Lofty Ranges is part of the Electoral district of Davenport?
Adelaide Hills
Shinee contains which South Korean singer born in Gwangmyeong?
Lee Jin-ki
In what year was the subject of the 2015 film "Woman in Gold" born?
1916
The Early Tapes of The Beatles is the first digital repackaging of the 1962 German album by who, and The Beatles called "My Bonnie"?
Tony Sheridan
Jolanta Dickute's party includes which Russian-born businessman?
Viktor Uspaskich
What character did Yaani King play in the crime drama starring Holly Hunter and Leon Rippy, set in Oklahoma City?
Neely Lloyd
What year was the former host of The Look for Less Born?
1977
The ice hockey team that was established on June 5, 1967, will play without who, that was drafted to the Vegas Golden Knights in an expansion draft conducted by the National Hockey League on June 18–20, 2017?
Marc-Andre Fleury
The Italian theorectical physicist was the first to discover Fano resonance which is what?
scattering line-shape of inelastic scattering of electrons from helium
Are Sania Mirza and Michaël Llodra both professional tennis players ?
yes
Which of the following is located in Sacramento County: Imperial Dam or Folsom South Canal?
Folsom South Canal
Intiman Theatre Festival has hosted the actress and singer of what nationality?
American
What country does Wuxi and Yongchuan District have in common?
China
What Broadway production starring Robert Gossett was also a play written by August Wilson?
Fences
Who directed the film that Curt Bois is best remembered for?
Michael Curtiz
What award did Andrei Tarkovsky's 3rd film win at the 22nd Gudbagge Awards?
Best Film
When was the South Korean singer, actor, host and entertainer born who was known as Ballad Prince and was also a star of Gu Family Book?
January 13, 1987
Roderick H. Cox was a teacher at a school located in which city?
Bethesda
Stratford-on-Avon is a constituency represented in what lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, that meets in the Palace of Westminster?
The House of Commons
Leonard Francis McAllister Jr. (born January 13, 1972) is a conservative American political commentator for a number of newspapers and websites, including which English-language American online magazine of African-American culture launched on January 28, 2008, by Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Donald E. Graham, and was owned by Graham Holdings Company through its online subsidiary, The Slate Group?
The Root
What British sitcom, starring the English comedian and actress Jennifer Saunders, did Difford & Tilbrook write the music for?
"Girls on Top"
The 2009 Valencian GP2 round was the seventh round of the 2009 GP2 Series season, past Winners include last year's Campos duo Vitaly Petrov and who?
Lucas di Grassi
The Carpenter 1 Fire was a fire on what highest mountain peak in Clark County, Nevada?
Mount Charleston
Kyger Creek Power Plant is a 1-Gigawatt coal-fired power station at Cheshire, Ohio, the plant is located just 2.5 km downstream along the Ohio River from a much larger, newer coal-fired Gavin Power Plant, a 2.6-gigawatt (2,600 MW) supercritical coal-fired power station in the village of Cheshire, Ohio, in which country?
United States
Which song ,written by Mitchell Torok , catapulted "Gentleman Jim" to stardom?
Mexican Joe
Which genus of plant life is more palm like, Pandanus or Eriogonum? 
Pandanus is a genus of monocots with some 750 accepted species.
What actor starred on the Defenders in the 1960s as well as in At Mother's Request
E. G. Marshall
Who is older of Kim Dong-jun and Fee Waybill?
John Waldo "Fee" Waybill
What job do both Kedar Massenburg and Erykah Badu have?
record producer
 Hunnenschlacht was created by a composer who was of what nationality?
Hungarian
Both Bessera and Sesleria are?
genus of perennial plants
Which Northern Irish broadcaster was the last host of Password on British TV?
Gordon Burns
Which member of Celtic Woman appeared in stage productions of Grease and Legally Blonde the Musical?
Susan McFadden
For how many weeks has the athlete who defended her title in the 2007 Acura Classic-Singles been ranked world No 1 by the WTA?
21
The producer of the Holidays Rule album is a member of an American indie rock band from where?
Portland, Oregon
Do You Believe?, released in which year, a Christian ensemble drama film directed by Jon Gunn and stars an ensemble cast featuring Brian Bosworth, a former American professional football player who played as a linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks?
2015
What year did the actor who sings "Consider Yourself" to Oliver when they first meet in "Oliver!" play Much the Miller's Son?
1991
When was the former New Zealand international cricketer who has 20 balls in 2007 Cricket World Cup born
27 September 1981
Who developed hill resort in which First World Hotel & Plaza is located?
Genting Group
What band wrote the songs Alive and Meet Me Halfway were the first and third songs on their album called "The E.N.D.?
The Black Eyed Peas
Orlando Pleasant Shields Plummer moved to a city that covers how many square miles?
145
The Wilton Circle were an influential group of 16th-century English poets, led by a poet born in what year ?
1561
Was the president who signed the The Tax Reduction and Simplification Act of 1977 a Republican or Democrat?
James Earl Carter Jr. (born October 1, 1924) is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981. A member of the Democratic Party,
What is the name of the song that was written by Ed Sheeran, Benny Blanco and Bieber, and was remixed by Zaeden, an Indian DJ and music producer?
Love Yourself
What TV documentary permiered on BBC1 on March 19 1985 that was written and presented by the same person who is responsible for "Connections"?
The Day the Universe Changed
Allison Brooks Janney, is an American actress, and in which two years, dis she win the Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Bonnie Plunkett on  the CBS sitcom "Mom"?
2014 and 2015
Sleigh Ride is a piece of music written by composer described by whom as "one of the great American masters of light orchestral music"?
John Williams
What was the former name of the Swedish band formed in 1989 with a music style that employs highly melodic guitar riffs, often borrowed from traditional heavy metal?
Septic Broiler
When was the album that "Charger" was on released?
28 April 2017
Who was born first, William March or Richard Brautigan?
William March
In what year was the younger brother of Titus Davis born?
1995
What year was Don Maestri named coach of the year in the intercollegiate athletic conference headquartered in Elmhurst, Illinois?
1997
Were Sidney Morgan and Berthold Viertel of the same nationality?
no
Which country includes the dish Hutspot?
Netherlands
When was the Canadian actress born who was a star in Morning Glory?
November 17, 1978
What nationality is the singer who was paired with Kim Ye-won on the fourth season of We Got Married?
Canadian
Where does the man who wrote the song "I Will Dare" now primarily record his music?
in his basement
Ina Norris is a playwright, poet, producer, off Broadway producer, mentor, and educator, she lives in which northernmost of the five boroughs of New York City?
The Bronx
The actor that voices Fred Jones in the "Scooby-Doo" franchise also appears wtih Macaulay Culkin in a 1994 adventure film produced by what company?
Turner Pictures
Tweezerman is a privately held company based in what county?
Nassau County
What was the address of the public house where a group of London-based male poets, founded in 1890 met?
145 Fleet Street
The starring actress of the film "Clandestine Childhood", was included in what list by "Esquire" magazine?
The Sexiest Woman Alive Atlas
What Former American football player who was a highly touted and sought-after college football recruit and played for Oklahoma also played for the 1990 Los Angeles Rams?   
Marcus Dupree
What is the nationality of the man who won a Silver Bear for a 1993 American surrealist indie comedy drama film?
Serbian
Steve Carter ended his career for the team that plays in what association?
Super League
Who were the parents of the King with a mistress named Rosamund Clifford?
Geoffrey of Anjou and Matilda
Who was the sheriff of a ghost town in Beaverhead County, Montana?
Henry Plummer
Which movie based on a book series by Mary Norton had the song Portobello Road in it?
Bedknobs and Broomsticks
Are "The Man Who Skied Down Everest" and "This Divided State" both documentary films?
yes
The head coach of the 1974 Indiana Hoosiers football team is a football analyst for what network?
ESPN
Dimon McFerson has served as CEO of what company that operates regional headquarters in Raleigh, NC and San Antonio TX among other locations?
Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company
How much older is Meg Turner than Rooster Teeth, the production company she used to become famous?
The Know
2002 American documentary film, Comedian, is a film focusing on Jerry Seinfeld and including American comedian and actor born when?
July 21, 1952
What year was the role-playing game that featured a version of the Phoenix Command system released?
1990
Which song released on both the album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band" and a Mexican EP was 1:41 shorter as a single?
Mother
What Michigan county is named after the Vice President of the seventh President of the United States?
Calhoun County
Which was used longer by humans, the Bavarian Mountain Hound and English White Terrier?
English white terrier
Between Leitneria and Zinnia, which genus is more widely spread?
Zinnia
What do Jimmie Ross and Jas Mann have in common?
singer
Were Saint François d'Assise and Curlew River written by writers from the same country?
no
Are The Turn of the Screw and The Medium both operas?
yes
What year was the university where Samuel Scheibler was the director of religion and culture founded in?
1925
In what year was the team that drafted Ed Davis established?
1995
Privet and Hermannia, are which type of plants?
flowering
Where does the team that was owned by Jesús Samper play its home games ?
Estadio Nueva Condomina
Which county was once voted among the Top 10 Best Places to Live by "Money" in 2007 is named after one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence?
Gwinnett County in the U.S. state of Georgia
Are Keenen Ivory Wayans and Fruit Chan both filmmakers?
yes
What television adaptation contains a character who was also adapted into a 2005 superhero film?
Gotham
Are Woody Allen and Frederick Wiseman both filmmakers?
yes
What is the release year of this horror film produced by Val Lewton and directed by the same person who directed "Out of the Past" and "I Walked with a Zombie"?
1942
Which mathematician was born first,  Ivan Fesenko or Dmitri Anosov?
Dmitri Victorovich Anosov
What 2006 criminal case led by Mike Nifong was the basis of an episode of "Law & Order"?
The Duke lacrosse case
Cathy Berberian and Marco Khan are both actors, correct?
no
What model of aircraft is part of the PA-28 family of aircrafts and can also be rented from the Freeway Airport?
PA28R-200 IFR
When was the sportscaster who did play by play for ABC in 1978 born ?
October 18, 1928
What singer with a distinctive contralto voice reached top 10 in 1987?
Cher
What city located in Florida is the birthplace of the Rector of Most Holy Trinity Seminary?
Brooksville
Where was the singer of the album "Delta" born and raised ?
Sydney, New South Wales
Akihiro Gono is only one of six to  beat the DREAM Light Heavyweight Champion and former Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion that was born in this year?
1985
Kevin W. Mangum is a lieutenant general for which branch of the United States Armed Forces?
United States Army
Parques Polanco was built on the site of an assembly plant of a company with its headquarters in what city in Michigan?
Auburn Hills
What concert held at Oslo Spektrum honor Nobel Peace Prize laureate?
Nobel Peace Prize Concert
Which United States Navy combat veteran of World War II starred in the 1995 American made-for-television drama film "Journey"?
Jason Robards
State Fair Classic is a game that takes place the weekend before the game played at what Dallas stadium?
Cotton Bowl
The gubernatorial candidate who defeated W. J. Bryan Dorn was the first candidate from what party to be elected since the 1800s?
Republican
Which state does the rapper who's second EP is called All I Wanna Do come from?
California
What nationality was the driver who finished second in the 2008 British Grand Prix ?
German
Which breed of dog, the Chinook or the Bull Terrier, is New Hampshire's official state dog?
The Chinook
Duvalia and Maxillaria, are a genus of orchids?
no
Which is bigger, Plott Hound and Entlebucher Mountain Dog?
Plott Hound
No Trace Camping is a Canadian–American independent feature film and television financier and production company which produced the film, "The F Word”, a 2013 Canadian romantic comedy film directed by who?
Michael Dowse
In 2002, Mariah Carey reworked a song by which Harlem rapper, formerly known as Killa Cam? 
Cam'ron
Michael Giacchino composed the scores to many films such as a 2015 computer-animated film produced by what studio?
Pixar Animation Studios
Football coach Randy Ball is known for coaching Western Illinois University and which other university founded in 1905?
Missouri State University
Brett Dier, who starred in "Jane the Virgin" appears on what Canadian TV shows?
Canadian TV shows "Bomb Girls" and "The L.A. Complex"
What occupation did Maxim Kontsevich and Andrey Kolmogorov both share?
mathematician
What is the middle name of the man who performed guitar and vocals in supergroup The Best?
Fidler
Where was Rajnath Singh a Cabinet Minister in the Vajpayee Government?
Republic of India
What job did the former University of Texas football coach take when Dexter W. Draper took over?
men's basketball team
What year was the American actor and voice actor, known for his role in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, born?
1959
What is the nickname of the snooker player, who with Judd Trump, had the highest break in the 2012 Six-red World Championship ?
The Magician
Where did David Pitblado work with Winston Churchhill?
United Kingdom
Edward (Charles) Wagenknecht ontributed many book reviews and other writings to an American daily newspaper that has been awarded how many Pulitzer Prizes in its history?
eight
Spring Session M is an album produced by a British record producer/engineer widely known for being one of the five main engineers for who?
The Beatles
The anime series Deltora Quest made its Pakistani debut on a TV channel created by what company?
Turner International Pakistan
House Party 3 features the debut of an American actor born in what year?
1971
Did George Lucas and Lewis Allen work in the same country?
yes
Which illusionist known for his work as half of the team Penn & Teller has been featured in the weekly radio series Jazz Inspired?
Penn Jillette
What profession does Jack Green and Gerard Kuiper have in common?
professor
When did the romantic drama based on a 2010 Julie Maroh compete against "Venus in Fur" for Best Film?
20 January 2014
Which readers was the series The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme published for?
readers in their youth
Artie Maddicks was created by Bob Layton and what American comic artist who worked in the comics industry since the 1980s?
Jackson "Butch" Guice
What is the birth date of this American football coach and former player, who led the 2016 Penn State Nittany Lions football team in their third year?
February 2, 1972
Which album is newer, "Joshua Judges Ruth" or "Natural Forces"?
Natural Forces
The Mecklenburg Investment Company Building is associated with what movement that was originally called the "New Negro" movement?
Harlem Renaissance
Saxon Sydney-Turner was a member of which influential group of associated English writers, intellectuals, philosophers and artists?
The Bloomsbury Group
This song released on September 29, 1983 and inspired a hit song by Usher was written by who?
Billy Joel
Who is from farther west, Mikhail Romm or Jodie Foster?
"Jodie" Foster
What is the name of Mexican film actress who reached her peak in the 1940s and 1950s playing in a Tarzan and a Bond movie and whose daughter, also an actress, is called Taryn Stephanie Power?
Linda Christian
When did Kelly Preston star in a fantasy film with her husband?
2000
Which famous American DJ hosted the American Video Awards in 1983?
Kemal Amin "Casey" Kasem
Born into Brothels and Sharkwater, are of which genre?
documentary
Which magazine came out first The Christian Science Monitor or The Atlantic ?
The Atlantic
What seasonal retailer is owned and operated by the retailer in which Krypt Kiddies appeard?
Spirit Halloween
When did the American comedy series that Thomas Middleditch starred in premier?
The series premiered on April 6, 2014
Are David Coverdale and Burton C. Bell both founders or co-founders of a band?
yes
Who designed the aircraft which Steve Fossett, American businessman and a record-setting aviator, sailor, and adventurer, Flew around the world in?
Burt Rutan
Are Robert Wiene and Chris Buck both nationals of the same country ?
no
Socialism: Utopian and Scientific,is a book written in 1880 by co-founder of Marxism Friedrich Engels, primarily extracted from his earlier book titled what, a book first published in German in 1878?
Anti-Dühring
What year did this British Conservative politician die, whose death indirectly caused the Paisley by-election 1948?
1947
What other name was the Hotak dynasty ruled once ruled by Shah Ashraf Hotak known as?
the Hotaki dynasty
Three Town Senior High School is located in a town whose name literally means what?
by the palm nut
The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse is a feature film spin-off of the British television comedy series "The League of Gentlemen", featuring in guest roles are which English comedian and actor, and in a 2004 poll for the BBC, Kay was named the 46th most influential person in British culture?
Peter Kay
Danish Choreographer, Erik Bruhn, worked with Carla Fracci on which of her career highlights. 
Giselle
Which star of "James White" was also in "Office Space"?
Ron Livingston
How many film and television roles has the actress had, who starred in Something Wicked This Way Comes, with Jason Robards, Jonathan Pryce, and Pam Grier ?
over 120
Were the bands Rapeman and Chumbawamba founded in the same country?
no
How often does the review published in London by News UK who has Dawn Foster as a contributor come out?
weekly
What group acquired  a publisher of books, business directories and magazines that was owned by a company owned by Thailand's largest and one of Southeast Asia's largest beverage companies?
Times Publishing Group
What year was the high strength synthetic fiber, which was the subject of a lawsuit between DuPont and Kolon Industries, developed?
1965
KLAS-TV's studios are located in what Nevada county?
Clark County
What village in Cheshire, England is home to a railway station and is situated on the A559 road and the West Coast Main Line between Liverpool and Crewe?
Hartford railway station is in the village of Hartford, in Cheshire, England
Which musican is older, Tom Verlaine or David Vincent?
Tom Verlaine
The Little River is a 7.2 mile long (11.6 km) river largely in the town of Exeter in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, it is a tributary of the Exeter River, part of the Great Bay/Piscataqua River watershed in which New Hampshire region, the southeast area of the U.S. state of New Hampshire that includes the eastern portion of Rockingham County and the southern portion of Strafford County?
Seacoast Region
What is the setting of J.T. Petty's video game "Outlast 2"?
the Arizona desert
What mountains range does the high mountain pass through at an elevation of 6820 ft that has part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from San Diego, California, to Sweetgrass, Montana ?
Rocky Mountains
Filip Mitrovic had a song used featuring Robin Thicke for a company that primarily sells what alcoholic product?
Cognac
Who played for the Cleveland Cavaliers and also hosts "Back of the Shop"?
Iman Shumpert
The daughter of Catharine of Aragon attempted to restore Roman Catholicism in which two countries?
England and Ireland
Are Marilyn Manson and American Music Club the same nationality?
yes
What Nationality are the actors that are in a movie that is based on the Japanese novel "Journey Under the Midnight Sun".
South Korean
Which position did the Canadian ice hockey player known as a power forward play in the West Coast Express?
right wing
Ocean's 11 co-starred the American who was a member of what New York-based group of entertainers?
Rat Pack
The Roman consul was the highest elected office of what government, which took place after 509BC?
Roman Republic
The Battle of Prokhorovka was part of the larger engagement on the city how far from Moscow?
450 km
Which is dedicated to fishkeeping, Reason or Aquarium Fish International?
Aquarium Fish International
Randal Kleiser and Ken Kwapis, are American, and have which common occupation?
film director
What collegiate athletic conference headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama includes schools such as Texas Southern University?
Southwestern Athletic Conference
Which 1997 single, on the album of the same name, was written and sung by Ringo Starr?
"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band"
which visionary leader, and a great diplomat. was the legendary Crow chief of Little People of the Pryor Mountains 
Plenty Coups
Which award did the British-Irish pop group win of which Jessica Taylor is a member?
Brit Award
The unit formed in 1936 featured what type of aircraft designed by Siegfried and Walter Gunter?
German aircraft
 Grants Pass School District is a public school located in Grants Pass, Oregon which are both in what country?
United States
A Perfect Circle and Wolf Alice both specialize in what type of music?
rock
What country of origin does Peter Nevill and 2015 Ashes series have in common?
Australia
Which prefecture is the city where the Japanese actor Akiji Kobayashi passed away the capital of?
Kanagawa Prefecture
What was the preceding hit to the number 51 charting song by the singer who wrote the theme for Smokey and the Bandit?
When You're Hot, You're Hot
What county was founded in 1796 and organized in 1815, has a city known for its waterfront and growing boating community?
Wayne County
Were One Hundred and One Dalmatians and Fun and Fancy Free both animated films?
yes
Who has the highest scope of profession in I. F. Stone and Norman Lindsay 
Norman Alfred William Lindsay
The author of Oh, the Things I Know! was a United States Senator from what state?
Minnesota
What type of chemist was the American who was a fellow of a United states nonprofit governmental organization?
organic chemist
Macclesfield included a village and civil parish that's about 1.5 miles north of Macclesfield, and had a population of what at the 2001 census?
3,324
Which character did Nathan Lane play in the 1994 Disney animated hit? 
Timon
Henry Chidley Reynolds, was a New Zealand farm manager, butter manufacturer and exporter, he began manufacturing butter in 1886 and soon adopted as a brand name, Anchor, a brand of dairy products that was founded in New Zealand, in which year?
1886
Real Sociedad conducts the local derby against what inter-city rival team?
Athletic Bilbao
Where did the winner of the 2017 Major League Baseball Home Run Derby play college baseball?
Fresno State
What is the nationality of the director of the film based on the 2005 short film "Monster"?
Australian
What network originally broadcast  the twentieth episode of the  fourteenth season that won two Primetime Emmy Awards?
Fox network
Randolph Bromery was a member of a group of airmen that formed which groups of the United States Army Air forces ?
the 332nd Fighter Group and the 477th Bombardment Group
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is a 1994 horror drama film starring American actor best known for his role as Larry "Pinto" Kroger in what film?
Animal House
What major detail about Randy and Sharon Marsh was revealed on the 224th episode of "South Park?"
the Marsh home address is 260 Avenidas de los Mexicanos
What is the middle name of Beate Clausdatter Bille's Son ?
Ottesen
How many people are employed at the theatre company where Jack Whitman appeared as Lennox in Macbeth?
over 1000
Reggio Emilia Cathedral is one of the three main religious buildings in the administrative region that has what city as its capital?
Bologna
Danny Williams is best known for scoring an upset knockout victory against what former professional boxer who won his first 19 professional fights by knockout?
Michael Gerard Tyson
Which former financier was convicted under making false statements?
Bernard Madoff
Which is in Brazil, Memorial University of Newfoundland or Universidade Positivo?
Universidade Positivo
Who directed the film in which Sterling Jerins played Constance Lane?
Marc Forster
Are Karamay and Guiping both cities in China?
yes
Where does the other offcies of an e-commerce marketplace who's headquarter is  Jaipur, Rajasthan?
Udaipur, Bangalore and Pune
South Korean actress Kim Go-eun, appeared in 2015 crime thriller, co-written and directed by who?
Park Heung-sik
The Hoover Company was sold in 2006 to a holding company that employs how many people ?
20,000 staff
The manager in which Mark Lazarus clashed with served as manager for the Wolverhampton Wanderers during which years?
1948 and 1964
Are either Baz Warne or Marty Balin actors?
no
Who founded the group who established the Tama-Re village in Putnam County, Georgia?
Dwight York
Who was the director of the 2012 American musical comedy film starring the actress who owns the fashion line "Hanamahn"?
Jason Moore
What date did the 1993 Boston celtics team captain die? 
July 27, 1993
Highland Ridge Wilderness is a 68627 acre wilderness area in the southern part of the Snake Range of White Pine County, just south of Great Basin National Park is a United States National Park located in White Pine County in east-central Nevada, near the Utah border, established in what year?
1986
Who was named DJ Funk and produced house music within Chicago?
Charles Chambers
The Sarantine Mosaicv alludes to works by which poet who helped to found the Abbey Theater?
William Butler Yeats
When did the president who allegedly allowed people to use bathrooms based on gender identity campaign
2008
The Wheeler Family Farmstead is a historic farm complex in a town located in which county ?
Berkshire County
What cricket team does Mohammad Akram coach for?
Peshawar Zalmi
What American Baptist minister and activist led a movement organized in early 1963 by the Southern Christian Leadership Conference?
Martin Luther King Jr.
What is the name of Michael Lee Aday's former female lead vocalist?
Patricia "Patti" Russo
Are both Oxypetalum and Metasequoia types of trees?
no
Are both Vib Gyor and The Futureheads named for albums by The Flaming Lips?
no
Paris By Night 83 is shot in an amusement park that features how many rides ?
35
Wilkins Township in Pennsylvania has been served by whom since 2003?
Tim Murphy
The Missouri Rhineland is a geographical area located mostly in a valley that is how long?
2300 mi
Kindada Jones' is the daughter of composer Quincy Jones and what 1970 Golden Globe Winner for Best Actress in a Television Drama? 
Peggy Lipton
The 34th Annual Tony Awards were co-hosted by the actor who was a combat veteran in which war?
World War II
Which baroque composer wrote for the King's Theatre in Haymarket?
George Frideric Handel
What film studio made both The Island at the Top of the World and The Love Bug?
Walt Disney Productions
What position did the Diyawadana Nilame of the Temple of Sacred Tooth Relic hold from 1900 - 1964?
Ceylonese legislator
What began in 1653 and was lead by the Lord protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland?
The Protectorate
Letters from a Porcupine was a documentary about a rock band formed where?
Los Angeles, California
The Torbreck Home Units were the first high-rise and mix-use residential development in Queensland, Australia, one of these heritage-listed home units are located at which capital of and most populous city in the Australian state of Queensland, and the third most populous city in Australia?
Brisbane
Terttu Nevalainen, is a Finnish linguist and the current Chair of English Philology at which organization, Nevalainen works on the History of English, English is a West Germanic language that originated from Anglo-Frisian dialects brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th centuries AD by Germanic invaders and settlers from what is now northwest Germany, west Denmark and the Netherlands, displacing the Celtic languages that previously predominated?
University of Helsinki
Who was the body double for Emilia Clarke playing Daenerys Targaryen in Game of Thrones?
Rosie Mac
What was the stage name of Clive Campbell who was featured in "Super Bad"?
DJ Kool Herc
Who was married to Sigismund III Vasa, and mother to Władysław IV Vasa?
Constance of Austria
Freddie Mercury was the leader of what band?/
Queen
What was the former name of the college from which Mike Bellamy was dismissed for an undisclosed violation of team policy?
East Mississippi Junior College (EMJC)
Jamie Muhoberac received credits for what synthpop duo formed in London in 1981?
Pet Shop Boys
What game was Sidney Crosby awarded his second Conn Smythe Trophy?
2017 Stanley Cup playoffs
Who was the subject of a Swedish film in 1967 and learned tight rope dancing with Gisela Brož?
Elvira Madigan
What nationality was the actor who starred in 2015 South Korean period fantasy film directed by Kim Dae-seung?
South Korean
Which show did the actor, who also appeared in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," earn a nomination for an Emmy Award?
Murphy Brown
Who wrote the music for the musical where Laura Ann Osnes played Bonnie Parker?
Frank Wildhorn
Erika Mitchell (born 7 March 1963), known by her pen name E. L. James, is an English author, She wrote the bestselling erotic romance trilogy, Fifty Shades Freed is which number, and final installment of the erotic romance "Fifty Shades Trilogy"?
third
Which of Randy McCowns younger brothers was drafted by the Clevland Browns in the fourth round of the 2004 NFL Draft?
Lucas Patrick McCown
Where did Eve Meyer die?
on the Spanish island of Tenerife, Canary Islands
Robert Johann Maria König was born in a city approximately 30 km south of what?
Czech border
what was the names of the people who were largely influenced by its past and present neighbours: Italy, Poland, Germany, Hungary, and Bohemia called from 1867 to 1918?
citizens of Cisleithania
Who is the godmother of the youngest child of Rainier III?
Elisabeth-Anne de Massy
Which is farther south, Palm Beach International Airport or Fairbanks International Airport?
Palm Beach International Airport
Which actor from "Lost" is also in the film Another Earth?
William Reibert Mapother Jr.
The Carrington House is a bungalow located in the hamlet of Cherry Grove in which US state, it is typical of early buildings on Fire Island, the large center island of the outer barrier islands parallel to the south shore of Long Island?
New York
Kenn Scott is a Toronto-based screenwriter noted for his work in children's programming and animation, included amongst the many shows he has written for includes Captain Flamingo, a Canadian-Filipino animated television series, which chronicles the adventures of who, whose alter-ego is "Captain Flamingo"?
Milo Powell
what state was operation aloha recorded and is the 17th largest island in the united states?
Hawaii
Are  Jean Cocteau and Bernard Cornwell both writers and authors?
yes
Which filmmaker, Theo Angelopoulos or Barbara Albert, was Greek?
Theodoros "Theo" Angelopoulos
Which French actress starred in the 1995 comedy A Feast At Midnight?
Julie Dreyfus
Trim is a transitway station in the east end of a city that as of 2016 had a population of what?
934,243
Under what pseudonym did the author of the book The Decline and Fall of the Roman Church occasionally write ?
Michael Serafian
What is the name of this American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist, born in 1933, whose secret purchase of the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" is the subject of Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press?
Sheldon Gary Adelson
Where did the English Parliament and a colonial governor born after who's death John Nanfan served as acting governor?
Ireland
Are Helen Fielding and Thomas Friedman both writers?
yes
In which year was this football club in Lancashire established for which Joe Kasher played?
1891
Where did the Games that Rifda Irfanaluthfi completed for Indonesia in take place? 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
What is the name of this casino hotel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, for which Allard Roen was the managing director?
Desert Inn
Which university was founded first, Asia Pacific College or Bulacan State University?
It was established in 1904
What award did the historic romantic novel No Good Duke Goes Unpunished win in 2014?
RITA Award
What role have both Matthew Tuck and Frank Iero performed in musical groups?
rhythm guitarist
What is the name of this man, who was captured and surprised by Soviet troops in Stalingrad and whose 6th Army surrendered at the Battle of Stalingrad?
Friedrich Paulus
Kong: Skull Island is a 2017 American monster film that is a reboot of the "King Kong" franchise and serves as the second film, in which American media company franchise MonsterVerse, based in Burbank, California?
Legendary Entertainment
The 2002 Food City 500 was what kind of auto race, featuring oval tracks?
Stock car racing
What number overall pick in the 2011 draft was the freshman starting forward on the 2007–08 Duke Blue Devils?
33rd
Where have Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana and Narendra Damodardas Modi served in politics?
India
According to the 2001 census, what is the population of the city in which Leonardo Rodriguez was born?
212,152
The film Citizen Cohn follows the life of a man who was chief counsel to a Senator from which state?
Wisconsin
In what year was the writer of "I'll Try Something New" born?
1940
Where is the constituency that Victoria Atkins has represented since May 2015 located?
Lincolnshire
Site Selection magazine is headquartered in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
9,116
The Seattle University Redwings men's team plays in a complex known as?
Seattle Center
What sport is involved in both the 2013-14 Sheffield Shield season and 2013-14 Ashes series?
cricket
In what Serie does Umar Sadiq play in?
A
"This is a mostly complete list of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart", according to the sixth edition of the Köchel catalogue, Mozart, was baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of which era?
Classical
This band gets it's name from a line that ran through Flint, Michigan and created Thirty Years of Funk: 1969-1999
Grand Funk Railroad
What is the former name of the division that the 2011 Sacred Heart Pioneers football team competed in?
Division I-AA
How many members are in the Party that Jack Eddington is a member of as of October 2010?
426,005 members
Which American recording hip hop artist worked with Lawrence Muggerud as an executive producer on the album "Kill Devil Hills?"
Ill Bill
Where is the studio that Joyce Keller broadcasts her radio show from?
West Babylon, NY
Which opera has more acts, Il matrimonio segreto or Lohengrin?
Lohengrin
Paul Marantz work includes which nightclub that is currently a Broadway theatre?
Studio 54
What country of origin does Second Choice and Warner Bros. have in common?
American
Which one is founded in 1970, Saveur or Foreign Policy?
Foreign Policy
What is the term given to the period of time in which militaristic European powers increased their control of Africa from 10 to 90%?
Scramble for Africa
Which  town in Grafton County, New Hampshire was "Cockermouth Grant", an early name for a portion of
Hebron
The 2000 Belmont Stakes was the 132nd running of the Belmont Stakes and the 96th time the event took place at Belmont Park is a major Thoroughbred horse-racing facility located in Elmont, New York, just outside which city limits?
New York City
What empire of Persia did the person who defeated the Agalassoi conquer?
Achaemenid Empire
In what city did Michael Gansey work during his time as the GM for the Canton Charge?
Canton, Ohio
What was the country of origin of the producer from the movie staring Brandon Lee?
Australian
Who has more scope of profession, Ronnie Dunn or  Anders Nyström?
Ronnie Gene Dunn
The electronic game of memory skill, Simon, was launched in 1978 at what former nightclub that is currently a Broadway theatre?
Studio 54
The first season of "Chicago Fire" followed the paramedics working at which station of the Chicago Fire Department?
Firehouse 51
The 1964 version of "Fly Me to the Moon" by Acadmeny Award winning artist, Frank Sinatra,  was closely associated with the Apollo missions to the what?
Moon, and the Japanese animated series "Neon Genesis Evangelion" played the song (as covered by various artists) at the end of every episode.
What is similar about Mario Bava and Ben Holmes?
director and screenwriter
Rowan Atkinson's album, Live in Belfast, was released directly after his participation in what event?
The Secret Policeman's Ball
Which documentary film was released earlier, Volcanic Sprint or Game Face?
Volcanic Sprint
In the movie Breaking dawn, who is the actor who play Bella Swans husband "to-be"?
Robert Pattinson
A member of the original High-Z Supernova Search Team was a U.S. astrophysicist and Bloomberg Distinguished Professor at what university?
Johns Hopkins University
Which of the following is found in more locations of the world: Ozothamnus and Ballota?
Ballota
The person who composed Den Pobedy was from what country?
Russia
In what state is the 2016 film the actor who played the title role in Percy Jackson set?
Ohio
Which star of the British television crime drama series was born on 31 July 1971?
Eve Best
Why was the fort viewable from Willard Beach never used? 
Advancing military technology, including iron clad ships and long range guns, made the fort obsolete before it could be used.
John Alexander is the uncle of an English professional footballer who made his senior debut in what year?
2016
When was the narrator of The War that Made America born?
June 22, 1952
What are the alternative names for the hall mentioned in a work of satire by Mark Twain published by the Economist Press in 1901? 
the Society of St. Tammany, the Sons of St. Tammany, or the Columbian Order
What position did the professional athlete play who was the grandson of the man who designed the Los Angelos Rams Logo?
left fielder
What is the name of the film made in 2006 by the actress who starred in "About last Night..."
Demi Moore
Who was born first, Sharon den Adel or Ezra Koenig?
Sharon Janny den Adel
Which former editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics created the supervillain Juggernaut?
Stan Lee
What is the name given to a number of elongated iron-ore mining districts around Lake Superior whose cities are known for their architecturally distinctive residences?
Iron Range
The Rolling Stones' US Tour 1978 was a concert tour of which country, that took place during June and July 1978, immediately following the release of the group's 1978 album "Some Girls"?
United States
Which Yale professor has written 150 articles for the American mass circulation monthly magazine that features scientific information on child development?
James P. Comer
The husband of Verna Avey composed how many symphonies?
five
What was the former position of the man who worked for an Atlanta-based provider of enterprise mobility management (EMM) software and standalone management systems for content, applications and email?
president and CEO
What was the name of the band that Vicentico co-founded and produced the album Los Rayos?
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs
Roger Daltrey and David Gilmour, have what occupation, nationality in common?
English singer
Robert Rihmeek Williams, aka Meek Mill, appeared in the 2015 tour of which major recording artist?
Nicki Minaj
What did the landmark civil rights decision by the US Supreme Court invalidating laws prohibiting interracial marriage impact the Choctaw Youth Movement?
growing sensitivity to minority rights was born
What is the name of the mission founded in the 18th century as a Roman Catholic mission and fortress compound and once had Travis Park as part of it?
Alamo Mission in San Antonio
What is the meaning of the name of the village where Tom Donahue was born?
pleasant place
Honeyman: Live 1973 was recorded as a live radio broadcast for a contemporary Christian music radio station that is licensed to who?
Hampton Bays
How many sqm is the Mexico City outdoor shopping center who has an anchor tenant whose name means "City of Cinema"?
56000
Tom Winslow was the student of what blues and gospel singer known for his fingerpicking guitar style?
Reverend Gary Davis
What is the real name of the American rapper and record producer who made a guest appearance on the GO:OD AM album along with Ab-Soul, Lil B, Miguel and Little Dragon?
Keith Cozart
Slobodan Princip, nicknamed Seljo (Сељо), was a Yugoslav Partisan fighter and the district staff chief of Partisan Sarajevo Oblast during World War II, he was the nephew of Gavrilo Princip, was a Bosnian Serb member of Young Bosnia, a Yugoslavist organization seeking an end to Austro-Hungarian rule in Bosnia and which location?
Herzegovina
Which First Nations group of over 200'000 members living in Canada signed an accord with the Quebec government, leading to the creation of Eeyou Istchee James Bay Territory?
The Cree
Which ministry is in charge of the service that owns the oceanographic research vessel "Dr. Bernardo A. Houssay"?
the Argentine Security Ministry
What Russian helicopter is produced in Kazan and is used in Unit No. 130 at Leh Air Force Station?
Mil Mi-17
Lionel Hugh Harvey,  is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 18 games for the Kansas City Scouts, a professional ice hockey team in which sports organization?
National Hockey League (NHL)
Name the American female serial killer, who after her arrest confessed to 33 murders, and who with only Lydia Sherman and a farmwife in rural Catawissa accused of murdering 17 members of the local community completes the trio of American female serial killers?
Jane Toppan
Who was the director of the 1976 romantic drama film in which the actress, who played Lana Shields in "Three's Company", starred?
Gilbert Cates
From which city hails the American rapper and music producer Brad Terrence Jordan who put together the American hip hop group Facemob?
Houston
What actor born Joseph Yule Jr. on September 23, 1920 was in the movie All Ashore by Richard Quine?
Mickey Rooney
The papal election of 1159 followed the death of which pope, who ruled from 1154 until 1159?
Pope Adrian IV
Phil Joanou and Rick Ray, are of which nationality?
American
Did Local Natives or Material Issue originate in Chicago?
Material Issue
What television producer best know for playing advertising executive Don Draper for AMC also acted in Mad Men?
Jonathan Daniel Hamm
What is the name of the French inventor, scientist, mathematician and balloonist who was involved in the translation of the song Valencia which was included in a silent film with the same name?
Jacques Charles
Do the genuses Tiarella and Lagunaria belong to the same family?
no
What university is in Muncie, Indiana and is near York Prairie Creek?
Ball State University
In what year were the pioneers of managed care in the United States established?
1945
What award was given to an American actor known for having played the straight-faced anchorman Jim Dial on "Murphy Brown" and a guest star in  the 11th episode from the second season of the Fox animated series "Family Guy" ?
Emmy Award
What far-right and British ultranationalist political party and movement formed in 2011 by former members of the British National Party had a leader who is the leader of the New British Union?
Britain First
What song received an EP of the same name by the Las Vegas rock group featuring singer Dan Reynolds?
It's Time
in which UK city is the long-running British soap opera in which Abby Mavers' farther appears as Gordon Livesy filmed?
Leeds
are Leckie Mine and Giant Mine located in the same town
no
Which university affiliation of Jeremy Wertheimer offered free tuition for over 100 years?
Cooper Union
The Territory of Florida was ceded to the United states as part of a treaty between which two countries ?
the United States and Spain
Which film director has directed more films, James Cunningham or Chuck Russell?
James Cunningham
Which of the notable hots of "Hot Dog" the Saturday morning documentary series for children was born in 1937?
Jo Anne Worley
Carey Park is located in Atlanta which is divided into how many neighborhoods?
242
Are Alangium and Howea both examples of a genus of palms?
no
Emet is a small unincorporated community where what Oklahoma Hall of Fame inductee was born?
Mary Frances Thompson
When was the British former professional boxer born who competed from 1971 to 1980 who had a bout with Jorge Victor Ahumada?
27 May 1951
Which author was also a playwright, Susan Straight or Iris Rainer Dart.
Iris Rainer Dart
Josh Saunders was originally taken in which year's AFL draft, which had five opportunities for players to be selected?
2012
The author of "Ticket to Ride" wrote how many books about the Beatles?
three
In what year was the artist who released the album Gene Italiano born?
1940
Which Paul McCartney reached the #9 chart position in the UK and was released in 1980?
McCartney II
An annual football match, called Charity Shield, was once held in what largest stadium in Manchester, England? Old Trafford
Old Trafford
What is the name of the American professional baseball player and manager who played his entire career for the Boston Red Sox and for whom an article was published in 'Sports Illustrated' by Tom Verducci along with input from Larry Johnson?
Ted Williams
"Weak and Powerless" is the first single by the alternative rock band A Perfect Circle, from their second album Thirteenth Step, released on which date?
September 16, 2003
When was the actor born who replaced Cezzane Khan in Kasautii Zindagii Kay?
born 5 March 1974
What is the nickname of man whom the Toronto Raptors acquired from the Sacramento Kings in season 2000-01 ?
Big Nasty
What era did the husband of Dorothea of Brandenburg reign?
Kalmar Union
Nicholas Hoult played the role of Marcus Brewer in the comedy film co-written by whom?
Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz
What type of profession does Lazaros Christodoulopoulos and Sokratis Papastathopoulos have in common?
footballer
In what year was the film in which Antje Traue appeared in her first English-language role released?
2009
Where are both the village of Salwick and the small town of Kirkham located?
Lancashire, England
the star of the film Love from a Stranger is from which country who acted along with Binnie Hale?
South Africa
Arnold Isaacs, was a Canadian fashion designer who has created gowns for First Ladies, in addition to such notable personalities as which American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl?
Joan Crawford
In between Iresine and Echinacea which genus contains 20 to 25 species?
Iresine
What nationality is the bassist who joined Nightwish in 2002?
Finnish
What is the real name of the Epic Records singer that provided voicework for "Tangled"?
Amanda Leigh Moore
The 11th year head coach  of  2011–12 Old Dominion Monarchs basketball team was born when
January 14, 1958
Who wrote the 2007 British television film "Coming Down The Mountain" and authored a 2003 mystery novel based on Arthur Conan Doyle's short story "Silver Blaze"?
Mark Haddon
Which American shoe company that primarily produces skating shoes and lifestyle brand footwear must a player have won honors from to earn the "consensus" status for the 1942 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans team?
Converse
What country was the grandma of the wife of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha from?
Sweden
Were the Cruzan v. Director, Missouri Department of Health and Wisconsin v. Yoder cases both ruled in favor of the state?
no
Kong: Skull Island starred the English actor known for his roles in what 2004 film?
Dead Man's Shoes
Who has written shows in more languages, Francis Veber or John Garabedian?
Francis Paul Veber
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2015 included which Dutch fashion model in her first year as a Victoria's Secret Angel?
Romee Strijd
Dangerous is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Michael Jackson, released on November 26, 1991 by Epic Records, longtime collaborator Quincy Jones, had agreed to split after the final recording sessions for Jackson's 1987 album, "Bad", s the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Michael Jackson, released on which date in the United States by Epic Records and internationally by CBS Records?
August 31, 1987
What is the name of the British folk hero who led an alliance of indigenous British people in The Battle of Watling Street?
Boudica or Boudicca
Which successful counter-terrorist hostage-rescue mission had the military code name Operation Thunderbolt?
Operation Entebbe
Are both Brassocattleya and Buckinghamia orchids?
no
The Peter Kugel House, also known as the Kugel-Gips House, is a historic house, in Cape Cod National Seashore, this house was built in 1970 to a design by architect Charlie Zehnder, who took his design inspiration for it from the Fallingwater estate designed by who?
Frank Lloyd Wright
Who is the current editor of the magazine that the fictional character Sharon appears in?
Marcus Hearn
Enderby Outside was created by the writer of what nationality?
English
James Frawley and Jerry Belson, have which mutual occupation?
director
For which accomplishment in Bulgarian football is the professional footballer who plays for Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters, and whose name is used for the Foundation where Ana-Maria Yanakieva, a singer from the music label Virginia Records was a scholar, considered the all-time leader?
goalscorer
Frans Luycx became the leading portrait painter to which Emperor?
Ferdinand III
In which city does this annual convention (first occurred in June 1993) that Iftach Ian Amit founded take place ?
Las Vegas, Nevada
What transportation with gull-wing doors was used in the Back to the Future franchise?
DeLorean DMC-12
Who is the head of state of Germany who commanded the SM UC-25 minelaying submarine ?
Karl Dönitz
Scott Eastwood (born Scott Clinton Reeves; March 21, 1986) is an American actor, model, and professional skydiver, he has appeared in which 2008 film American drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood, who also starred in the film, and co-stars Christopher Carley, Bee Vang and Ahney Her?
Gran Torino
The Iroquoian language spoken by the Cherokee people translates Nunnehi as what?
"The People Who Live Anywhere"
Are Time and Food Network Magazine both weekly publications?
no
Peter Isaacson served in a branch of the military in World War II that was originally formed in what year?
1921
 "Bart Carny" is the twelfth episode from a season of "The Simpson" that began on what date?
September 21, 1997
Who wrote a song based on a character from English folklore in the Victorian era?
Morrissey
Ave Satani was the theme song to which Richard Donner horror film?
The Omen
What group controls the team that Yeo Bum-kyu played for?
Korea Football Association
Do the films Mars Needs Moms and One Little Indian both feature boys?
yes
What was the suburb of the former Kaurna Eagles Football club previously known as?
The Levels
How many albums, by 2014 had the musician who provided the soundtrack to the platform game Capsized, released ?
fifteen
When was the band that made De RigueurMortis formed?
30 December 1982
Will Dockery built a plantation that was how many acres?
25600
Structure & Dynamics of the Psyche is Volume 8 in a book series edited and translated by whom?
Gerhard Adler and R.F.C. Hull
Sugoroku and Junta are both examples of what activity?
board game
Which FIFA World Cup Final was played by Argentina ad the Netherlands with Mario Kempes being named man of the match?
1978 FIFA World Cup Final
A Life for the Tsar is a  Russian libretto with four acts, Tosca an Italian libretto has how many acts?
three acts
Anthony Harris Bennett, is a Canadian professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the NBA, he was the first overall pick by the Cleveland Cavaliers, becoming the first Canadian to be drafted number one overall, in the 2013 NBA draft, that was held on which date, at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York?
June 27, 2013
In Henry Olerich's, "A Cityless and Countryless World" what planet do the aliens come from?
Mars
How many episode has had first season of the American television drama series in which Michael Gladis played a role as Paul Kinsey?
thirteen
The song "Smile" from 1st Round was composed by an actor of what nationality?
English
Turbulence or turbulent flow can be characterized by which branch of  mathematics?
Chaos theory
Segugio Italiano and Swedish Vallhund, are breeds of what animal?
dog
Are both Peng Shuai and Daniel Nestor professional sports players?
yes
Rugby union at the 1979 South Pacific Games was held in Fiji at the newly renovated National Stadium in which southeast coastal city on the island of Viti Levu?
Suva
What song did a Jamaican singer, songwriter, supermodel, record producer, and actress release in 1983?
Living My Life
Joseph E. "Jeb" Bradley (born October 20, 1952) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who currently serves as the Majority Leader of the New Hampshire Senate, the New Hampshire Senate has been meeting since when?
1784
Are the band "Soda Stereo" and "Alanis Morissette" from the same country?
no
When was the magazine with which Matsuko Deluxe began his work established? 
November 1994
IN what city were stations WAAM-TV and WJZ-TV located?
Baltimore
What club does Curt Schilling hold the highest strikeout-to-walk ratio of any of its members?
the 3,000-strikeout club
 Der Bärenhäuter was influenced by the German composer who created which opera?
"Hansel and Gretel"
Berzerk is from the album released on what date?
November 5, 2013
What building in the London Docklands lays claim to being the site of the oldest riverside tavern? 
Prospect of Whitby
Miranda Cosgrove made her recording debut with the song featuring the actor who began his career on what sitcom?
Home Improvement
 Are Second Skin and The Messenger both documentaries?
yes
Which film that Josef von Sternberg worked on was released later, The Shanghai Gesture or Macao?
Macao
What does Sam Weir and Gold Coast, Queensland have in common?
Australia
What year was the political party that Aloyzas Sakalas is a member of founded?
1896
Who wrote the 1897 novel about a vampire which was later turned into a 1931 film featuring Béla Ferenc Dezső Blaskó?
Bram Stoker
What area of Pakistan are both the Trivor and Masherbrum mountain ranges located?
Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan
What is the name of this heavy metal band from Copenhagen, formed in 1981, who were part of the album A Tribute to Judas Priest: Legends of Metal?
Mercyful Fate
When was the American singer-songwriter and actress born who's 1993 song is  "I Can See Clearly"?
July 1, 1945
Which album released by Interscope Records had a song featuring both Chance the Rapper and Mike Tyson?
Rebel Heart
What character voiced by Beverly D'Angelo returns to the Simpsons in season nineteen after first being seen in the season three episode where Homer becomes the character's manager?
Lurleen Lumpkin
What was the other name for the extinct tiger subspecies, which inhabited the sparse forests and riverine corridors west and south of the Caspian Sea, from Turkey, Mesopotamia, Iran and the Caucasus, that has a project reestablishing populations of the Siberian tiger by introducing them as replacements to the extinct tiger? 
Hyrcanian tiger
The actor who played Tim "The Toolman" Taylor starred in what American movie in 2007?
Wild Hogs
The writer of the lyrics for the song "The Folks Who Live on the Hill" has won how any Tony Awards?
eight
What was the birth date of the person who appraised the 48th governor of New York?
December 27, 1930
Who penciled the comic on which the 2011 comic movie starring Justin Chambers is based?
Andy Kubert
What is the name of the second album of the artist that played King Arthur in 1967 movie Camelot?
A Tramp Shining
The tribe that Robin Wall Kimmerer is a member of, is located in which state?
Oklahoma
"Kick Ass (We Are Young)" is a song by British singer Mika and Moroccan-Swedish record producer RedOne released as a single from to the film "Kick-Ass", Mika ( born Michael Holbrook Penniman, Jr.; 18 August 1983), is of which heritage, and English singer and songwriter?
Lebanese
Are Jack Bender and Roger Christian both film directors ?
yes
Craig Warner wrote the screenplay "Codebreaker" about a computer scientist of what nationality?
English
Which one of the National Basketball Retired Players Association founders played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks?
Oscar Robertson
Elsie Fisher was replaced as Agnes in a sequel movie directed by whom?
Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda
In what town was the battle less than a week after George Custer was brevetted to brigadier general?
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
The Last Mistress, is a French-Italian film, released in what year, based on the novel "Une vieille maîtresse" by the French writer Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, it stars Asia Argento, an Italian actress, singer, model, and director?
2007
The young captives is a movie by a director who passed away in which year ?
2010
What is the birth date of this Field Marshal during WWII, who created the Fall Martin plan?
12 December 1875
The Dutch guilder is the currency of the country that has what type of governmental system?
constitutional monarchy
In what year did Fossil Group purchase a brand named after Denmark's northernmost town?
2012
What member of Porcupine Tree collaborated with Dirk Series to create Continuum?
Steven Wilson
Name the Russian mixed martial artist who currently fights in the lightweight division of the UFC and is a training partner of Natalia Vitalyevna Vorobieva, a Russian wrestler who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Islam Makhachev
Royal Mountain Records was founded by the band that was based out of what city?
Ottawa, Ontario
Which movie was directed by Spike Lee, When the Levees Broke or When Brummies Met Sindhis?
When the Levees Broke
What is the official name of the tower, previously known as Clock Tower, next to which a proposed Thames Airport was to be built in the 1930s?
Elizabeth Tower
Corey Reynolds is best known for his roles as David Gabriel and Seaweed from which two productions?
Broadway adaptation of "Hairspray", and for the TNT crime show "The Closer"
Are Rhododendron and Liriodendron both deciduous genii?
yes
 The Philadelphia Spinners won the AUDL Championship over the Indianapolis AlleyCats at a stadium located in which US state ?
Michigan
he 1990–91 NBA season was the Warriors' 45th season in the National Basketball Association, and 28th in the San Francisco Bay Area, the trio of Chris Mullin, Mitch Richmond, and Tim Hardaway,  an American retired basketball player, currently serving as an assistant coach for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA), were given which name?
Run TMC
What company has Hannes Mór Smárason worked for that is headquartered at Keflavík International Airport ? 
Icelandair
In how many volumes was this work by Louisa May Alcott published to which the Canadian television show Little Men was a follow-up?
two
Who was born first Aretha Franklin or Andy Yorke?
Aretha Louise Franklin
James Scott caused the worst American flooding disaster since when?
1927
Lisa Hammer also contributed to a film anthology project run by an American film director, screenwriter, actor, author and artist who was a recipient of what award?
Creative Capital Emerging Fields Award
What is a 1997 American action film directed by Simon West, written by Scott Rosenberg and stars a man who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in "High Fidelity" (2000)?
Con Air
Contempo Magazine and Girls' Life are both from what nationalities media?
American
For which political party does Mark Christopher Butler represent an electoral division in the state of South Australia, which includes Torrens Island and Garden Island?
Australian Labor Party
 As of September 2017, the Delta Air Lines mainline fleet comprises 852 aircraft in service, merging with Northwest Airlines in 2009, Delta Air Lines operated an all-Boeing and McDonnell Douglas fleet; it incorporated into which company's Airbus aircraft into its fleet following the merger?
Northwest
Love in Paris is a sequel to a film directed by who?
Adrian Lyne
Dodge City, through which U.S. Route 50 in Kansas runs, is the seat of what County?
Ford County
Who was the creator of the American fantasy horror television series starring the American actor who was a co-host of the television series "Ghost Stalkers"?
Eric Kripke
What county is Desert of Maine located in?
Cumberland County, Maine, United States
Which is from fartheast east in the United States of Youngblood Hawke and Violent Femmes
Violent Femmes
Led by coach Richard Pitino, the 2012–13 FIU Panthers men's basketball team played their home games at which arena?
U.S. Century Bank Arena
In which season the professional ice hockey right winger served as the alternate captain along  with Richard Park  who was drafted seventh overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Islanders ?
38th season
What film produced by Ivan Reitman included the song "For You I will" ?
Space Jam
What is the middle name of the character that Elizabeth Kemper plays?
Couger
Where does the ruined castle lies which is near by the Montgreenan?
North Ayrshire, Scotland
Who created the American television sitcom that Brad Copeland is best known for?
Mitchell Hurwitz
When was Elvis Presley's "G.I. Blues" which was released for the motion picture "G.I. Blues"'s soundtrack?
October 1960
For which plateform did Prakhar Gupta write that closed following Rajaji's death?
Swarajya
Cherokee Lake is a reservoir formed by theimpoundment of what river flowing from Kingsport to Knoxville, Tennessee?
Holston River
Who starred in the 2009 science fiction thriller written by Stiles White?
Nicolas Cage
Which magazine is headquartered in the United States, D Magazine or Family Life?
D Magazine
Per-Olov Kindgre, is a Swedish classical guitarist, composer and music teacher, born in Colombia, in which capital and largest city of Colombia administered as the Capital District, although often thought of as part of Cundinamarca?
Bogotá
The Finer Things was written by which rock and blues English musician?
Stephen Lawrence "Steve" Winwood
Are Great Dane and Westphalian Dachsbracke both breeds of dog
yes
Are 919 Third Avenue and the Morgan Stanley Building located in the same area of New York?
yes
Shadow Warriors was a British comedy power metal band, formed in late which year, by Ian Samuel "Sam" Totman, an English-New Zealand musician, best known as the guitarist and the main songwriter for the power metal band DragonForce?
2000
Which National Basketball Association team in Phoenix, Arizona did Kyle Robert Macy play for? 
The Phoenix Suns
What is the nationality of the chef and restaurateur featured in Restaurant: Impossible?
English
The Honda XL350R is a dual-sport motorcycle made by Honda in 1984–1985, both "Cycle" and which motorcycling magazine in the United States, ranked it as one of the ten best motorcycles of 1985?
Cycle World
Clive Lloyd was replaced as captain for one match during 1983-84 by which Antiguan?
Sir Isaac Vivian Alexander Richards
Are Joe Elliott and Paul Meany both keyboardists?
no
Does Darlingia or Laurus have more species?
Laurus
What member of Garin i Giperboloidy was born on June 24, 1963?
Yuri Dmitriyevich Kasparyan
In what city did the 2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series champion win the 2010 Irwin Tools Night Race?
Bristol, Tennessee
Who founded the Honest Conpnay along with Brian Lee
Jessica Alba
What song by Jessi Colter did Erika Jo sing?
"I'm Not Lisa"
When did Sherry Thomas receive the Romance Writers of America RITA Award for Best Historical Romance?
2011
What is the birthyear of the last born player to cross the Old Firm divide twice?
1979
 WAXM is a Country-formatted broadcast radio station that serves The Eastern Kentucky Coalfield and what other area?
Southwest Virginia
Who co-directed the eight-episode Danish television mini-series that the American paranormal hospital drama, All Souls, was based on?
Lars von Trier and Morten Arnfred
Patrick Galbraith and Ilie Năstase are famous for playing what sport?
tennis
What is the name of the satirical program on Comedy Central that stars an American comedian, television host, and actor who also appeared in the 2005 American romantic comedy "Bewitched"?
The Colbert Report
Ghostbusters II starred which Canadian-American actor and comedian?
Frederick Allan "Rick" Moranis
The song "Partyman" by which artist appears in the Batman movie as Joker defaces the exhibits in Gotham City?
Prince
Are I Lombardi alla prima crociata and Giasone both operas?
yes
"Alvin for President" is a song by which American animated fictional musical group?
Alvin and the Chipmunks
What is the name of the album by the wife of saxophonist Jim Tomlinson which includes four songs with lyrics written by Kazuo Ishiguro?
Breakfast on the Morning Tram
Under Cover is the ninth studio album by heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, additional songs on this album which are not featured include which song written and performed, by John Lennon from his 1980 album "Double Fantasy"?
Woman
Were Robert Wise and Stuart Gillard both actors in films in the 20th century?
no
The singer who released the 1986 album Girls Like Me was born in what year?
1958
The Concerns of a Citizen was written by which Republican party politician?
George Wilcken Romney
Are both Elizabeth Jane Howard and Patrick White from the same country?
no
Emdadul Haque Milon is an archer from a country with what capital?
Dhaka
Is the Caribbean the homeland of both Jean Rhys and Adolfo Bioy Casares?
no
The 2015 Segunda División play-offs took place in June 2015 and has determined the third team which will be promoted to which season that started on 21 August 2015 and concluded on 15 May 2016?
2015–16 La Liga
Chioma Ubogagu plays for what professional women's soccer team based in Orlando?
Orlando Pride
What race in china allows speeds up to 260 km/h on 6.2km of streets?
Guia Race of Macau
When was the Nothing More album that had the song "Go to War" released?
September 15, 2017
Auguste Laurent discovered what aromatic organic compound with the molecular formula CHOH?
Phenol
The band US5 originated on which reality show and then debuted on Lou Pearlman's Transcontinental label?
"Big in America"
What tpe of media does The Reef 2: High Tide and Shark Bait have in common?
film
Which luxury hotel owned by MGM Resorts inspired by an Italian town on Lake Como is overseen by Chief Operating Officer Corey I. Sanders?
Bellagio
Which genus has more species, Oemleria or Lygodium?
Lygodium
which film dirtected by Alex Proyas and starring Nicolas Cage was written by Juliet Snowden?
Knowing
Who is older, Bertalan Farkas or Umberto Guidoni? 
Bertalan Farkas
What expressway connects the stadium formerly known as Aryamehr Stadium to the western end of Hakim Expressway?
Allameh Jafari Expressway
Olivia Newton-John's song Magic was displaced from the top by Sailing, which is by what American singer-songwriter from San Antonio, Texas?
Christopher Cross
What is the year of the event which occured first, Sir Roderick Eddington was born, or British Airways merged with Iberia?
1950
Who brought the raga into Northern Indian music that is often sung or played in drut laya before a vilambit composition in raga Adana?
Miyan Tansen
Alex Joseph "AJ" Pritchard reached the simi-finals of "Britain's Got Talent" with his partner a 1995 born dancer and what?
choreographer
What is the meeting place of the House of Commons and the House of Lords, the two houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which is also the seat for the Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Palace of Westminster
Frederick Paul Fromm, known as Paul Fromm, is a Canadian white supremacist and perennial candidate based in Mississauga, Ontario, which Canadian English-language newspaper, described him as "one of Canada's most notorious white supremacists."?
National Post
Name the American actor, film producer and environmentalist activist who co-wrote the '11th Hour', a 2007 documentary film about the state of the natural environment, distributed by Warner Independent Pictures?
Leonardo DiCaprio
What place in america was occupied by Norse Vikings and is known for grape vines?
Vinland
Riverdance is part of a traditional dance from origination from which country?
Ireland
What actor from "Chronicle" also stars in a 2015 British-American biographical adventure film directed by Baltasar Kormákur?
Michael Kelly
The packaging of Golly Bars depicted an image of a fictional character created by who?
Florence Kate Upton
The 2017 Pakistan Super League spot-fixing scandal arose in February 2017 when the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) under its anti-corruption code suspended six cricketers including what right-handed opening batsman who captained Pakistan in the 2004 U-19 Cricket World Cup win and the 2010 Asian Games bronze medal win?
Khalid Latif
Bash: Latter-Day Plays premiered at the Douglas Fairbanks Theater in 1999, and featured a performance by what actor who studied theatre at the University of Kansas and the British American Drama Academy?
Paul Stephen Rudd
What nationality is the quick read that is called scones when cut in wedges?
Tibetan
 Which band, Mayday Parade or Killing Joke, is an American rock band?
Mayday Parade
Do Sydney Freeland and Genndy Tartakovsky work in the same industry?
yes
This American special effects designer owns a company called Alterian, Inc. and designed the special effects for what movie written and directed by Don Mancini in 2004?
Seed of Chucky
Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf was by which Austrian psychoanalyst?
Wilhelm Reich
 "Constant Conversations" was written and produced by a musician born in which year ?
1987
Listen features collaborations with an Irish rock band that formed in Dublin, Ireland, and whose lead vocalist and keyboardist is who?
Danny O'Donoghue
What is the seat of the county that includes Sarah, Kentucky?
Sandy Hook
"Starvin' Marvin" is the eighth episode in the first season of the American animated television series "South Park", The first season of the animated television series "South Park" ran for 13 episodes from August 13, 1997 to February 25, 1998 on which American network?
Comedy Central
Herman G. Tillman, Jr. was the wingman for the raid by the aviation pioneer who received what award for valor during a raid in 1942?
Medal of Honor
What year was the game, in which TeamTNT created the "TNT:Evolution" episode for, released?
1996
How many tropical storms were in the typhoon season that Typhoon Neoguri was in?
23
Which series based on a Japanese manga did Claudio Moneta star in? 
Naruto
Are both Rummoli and Masterpiece a board game?
yes
Interval starred Merle Oberon who fell in love with her co-star most known for his role in what?
Laredo
Which sports event was hosted in St Louis, Missouri and was the first such event to be held outside of Europe a competitor of whom was Canadian amateur soccer player George Ducker?
1904 Summer Olympics
Which occupation do both Grażyna Miller and Richard Fariña follow ?  
poet
Ning Zetao, is a Chinese competitive swimmer, at the 2014 Asian Games, held in which country, he won multiple gold medals?
South Korea
Monsters of Folk includes a member of what musical duo that includes Zooey Deschanel?
She & Him
In between The Joy Formidable and The Lumineers which consists of Rhiannon "Ritzy" Bryan (lead vocals, guitar),?
The Joy Formidable
Mehrdad Raissi Ardali provided the Persian voice for the Once-ler in the Dr. Seuss movie that was released in what year?
2012
Who produced the film that Phyllis Smith played a voice role of Sadness in?
Pixar Animation Studios
When was the band, whose seventh studio album is Drones, formed ?
1994
When was the American rapper born who's debut album is Come Over When You're Sober, Pt. 1?
November 1, 1996
Of which University was the co-founder, with his brother Charles Wesley, of Methodism, a fellow?
Oxford
What partner of Paul Simon has Richie Zito worked with?
Art Garfunkel
What film directed by Peter Hyams was one of Jean-Claude Van Damme's most successful?
Sudden Death
What party was led by the person who was targeted by the browser extension "Stop Tony Meow"?
the Liberal Party of Australia
What Czech operatic contralto had a close partnership with the composer of "The Bartered Bride"?
Betty Fibichová
The title of the 45th episode of the series "Gotham" is a reference to a poem by a man that died in what year?
1674
Who can Gerd Neggo's influences and training in Laban Movement study be traced back to?
Rudolf von Laban
Dennis Frank Wise (born 16 December 1966) is an English former football player and manager, and former Executive Director of Football at which English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne, that currently plays in the Premier League, the top tier of English football?
Newcastle United Football Club
What was the time with which a teammate of Bryan Howard had the 100 m world record?
9.79 seconds
Which film debuted first, Captain Mike Across America and American Scary?
American Scary
When was the English film and television actor died who sung the reprise of the song The Bare Necessities in "The Jungle Book"?
22 August 1977
What was  Achsa W. Sprague best known for?
Spiritualism
Who is the former Sri Lankan- hedge fund manager that was investigated by BJ Kang for insider trading?
Raj Rajaratnam
Olakunle "Kay" Banjo (born December 3, 1992) is an American soccer player who plays for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the United Soccer League (USL), formerly known as USL Pro, is a professional men's soccer league in the United States and Canada that began its inaugural season in what year?
2011
In what city did Aivaras Balzekas attend school?
Boca Raton, Florida
The 1984 FA Cup Final had a controversial goal from a footballer who was dismissed following allegations of what?
sexism
Carpo was discovered by a team of astronomers at the school accredited by which body?
Western Association of Schools and Colleges
When was the general who led the Oster Conspiracy of 1938 born? 
9 August 1887
When was the literary critic on the panel of judges for New Generation poets born?
1 November 1965
In 2011, which of the nine official regions of England abolished the Blackburn with Darwen tPCT in April 2013?
North West England
Did Scott Pembroke and Eugeniusz Bodo die in the same city?
no
What is the nationality of the person who presented the first series of "Kitchen Burnout"?
British
Which is considered a gin cocktail, Shrub or Old Etonian?
Old Etonian
Perfect Stranger was the first film for Halle Berry and Bruce Willis since which 1991 action comedy film?
The Last Boy Scout
Reginald Fletcher was minister of Civil Aviation under what British Labour politician who served as prime minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to when?
1951
What comedic actor and country music performer starred in A Gold Mine in the Sky?
Smiley Burnette
What film was directed by a British film editor and was a 2010 British-American fantasy film distributed by Warner Bros?
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1
When was You Belong To Me released?
April 18, 2009
What is the political capital of the country in which René Philippe Kouassi was born?
Yamoussoukro
Kiss Psycho Circus is a comic book series published by Image Comics, and which Canadian-American comic book creator and entrepreneur, best known for his work on "The Amazing Spider-Man" and the horror-fantasy series "Spawn"?
Todd McFarlane
Marc Silverstein, is an American screenwriter, and is known for writing the story for Valentine's Day, an American romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall, released in which year?
2010
Which UFC champion born in Kirkland, WA, is known as the #1 ranked pound for pound MMA fighter?
Demetrious Johnson
What is this grapheme still in use as a letter in some languages, including Danish, Norwegian, and Icelandic that the Old English Latin alphabet had?
Æ
The anti-war song "Highwire" appears on a 1991 live album by a group formed in what year?
1962
Der Vampyr and Luisa Miller, are what type of musical?
opera
In what ballpark did the Ducks play against the Aberdeen Arsenal?
Bethpage Ballpark
] Berclair is an unincorporated community 3 mi west of a city whose name is derived from a Chockaw phrase meaning what?
forest camp
The film starring Oscar Martinez was selected for which award at the 73rd Venice International Film Festival?
Golden Lion
The Death of General Wolfe, an oil painting, depicts a scene from which pivotal French and Indian War battle that took place outside the walls of Quebec City?
Battle of the Plains of Abraham
For which foundation is the 47th U.S. Vice President's chief of staff a former president?
Broad Foundation
Who was the director of the 1997 American comedy film starring the actor who played Douglas Brackman in "L.A. Law"?
Peter Baldwin
Is the Pityrogramma or Dendromecon native to California?
Dendromecon
What American songwriter, born in 1932, wrote a pop hit single released by Nancy Sinatra? 
Billy Edward "Edd" Wheeler
Which genus Delphinium or Hypoestes has more species ?
Delphinium
Alaska Wilderness Lake and Sembene!, are which genre of film?
documentary
Delhi Technological University and Memorial University of Newfoundland, are universities?
yes
Risley Moss and Birchwood are areas surrounding which Lancashire town?
Warrington
Narasimhavarman II, popularly known as Rajasimha Pallava, reigned from 695 to when, was a ruler of the Pallava kingdom, Rajasimha is credited with the construction of the Shore Temple?
722 AD
What landmark is located in Caithness, Scotland, and west of John o' Groats?
Castle of Mey
Were both Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education and Abington School District v. Schempp based on racial questions?
no
What raid project will include five new underground stations under St Kilda Road?
Melbourne Metro Rail Project
The 2017 British GT Championship will be the 25th British GT Championship, a sports car championship promoted by the Stéphane Ratel Organisation (SRO), it will occur at which motor racing track in the village of Little Budworth, Cheshire, England?
Oulton Park Circuit
Which American bassist and founding member of Return to Forever also founded the band Animal Logic?
Stanley Clarke
What is the name of this video game franchise, focusing on multi colored birds, created by a Finnish developer, publisher, distributor of video games and entertainment company headquartered in Espoo, Finland?
Angry Birds
Who developed the television series of which the fifteenth episode of the second season was "Wrath of the Villains: Mad Grey Dawn"?
Bruno Heller
Cornelis Gerrit "Kees" van der Staaij, is a Dutch politician of the Reformed Political Party, he has been an MP since 19 May 1998 and focuses on matters including Kingdom relations of which location, commonly known as the Netherlands, is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with the large majority of its territory in western Europe and several small islands in the Caribbean Sea, in the West Indies islands (Leeward Islands / Lesser Antilles)?
Kingdom of the Netherlands
What  capitol city is the  Jordan banking and financial sciences service academy established in 1998  located in?
Amman
Twister and Squatter, are what type of entertainment?
game
In what year did an English stand-up comedian whose style focuses on rambling, whimsical monologue, and self-referential pantomime produce the show Cows?
1997
What is the population of the city where the Ariel Castro kidnappings took place?
388,072
How many caps did Helen Svedin's husband win?
127
Who is the writer of the book which is a young adult, fantasy, paranormal romance and reached number 3 on the "New York Times" Best Seller List?
Lauren Kate
Ishmael Muhammad is the assistant minister to which leader formerly known as Louis X?
Louis Farrakhan
The Strictly the BBC television show featuring the Australian Jason Gilkison is based on what professional partner sport?
ballroom dance
CCM Magazine and PC Gamer, are what type of media?
magazine
At what mint was the commemorative coin struck which was minted in 1936 and 1937 and for whom Thomas G. Melish receives credit?
Philadelphia Mint
What is the nickname of the current president of Rebels MC?
The Maltese Falcon
Who was Vaughan Williams' friend who helped collect folk songs in southern England and was a founding father of the folk-song revival in England in the early 20th century?
Cecil Sharp
Ram Chander Chhatrapati, was an Indian journalist who was murdered in 2002, Chhatrapati was the journalist who first published the anonymous letter accusing Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh of a rape, of which he would later be found guilty, a leader of which organization?
Dera Sacha Sauda
Joe Buck is the son of an American sportscaster who was best known for his work announcing Major League Baseball games for what team?
St. Louis Cardinals
What 2001 book written by British author J. K. Rowling about the magical creatures in the Harry Potter universe, which are a colourful aspect of the fictional wizarding world?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
What's the common music genre for the bands Three Days Grace and Hinder?
rock
The artist that recorded the song "Blue Love (In My Heart)" had how many singles that reached the Top 10 of the"Billboard" Country & Western Best Sellers chart? 
35
What country granted citizenship to the winning pair skating team of the 1971 Prize of Moscow News?
Switzerland
What founder of a trademarked brand name for a patented process used to create audio patterns containing binaural beats,became known for his research into altered consciousness and founding  of what?
The Monroe Institute
What film is Liev Schreiber known for acting in just before the film about the troubled production of the 1941 film "Citizen Kane" came out?
"Phantoms"
Who is che guevera’s friend who accompanies him in his road  trip by motorcycle as described  in a jorge drexlers song?
Alberto Granado
Was Elizabeth Bowen a Irish Novelist just as much as John Maynard Keynes was a British economist?
yes
What comic book author wrote a collection of essays that included a magazine founded by Annie Flanders as a source?
Kevin Smith
What is is a concave golden disc of a weight of 25.23 g and a diameter of 4.5 cm, that had a king of Denmark and Norway was mentioned in the inscription of the disc?
Curmsun Disc
What race was a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing who has been a rider on the New York Racing Association circuit since 2012, was the 149th running of the race?
2017 Belmont Stakes
What profession do Perry Farrell and Faris Badwan have in common?
musician
What is the irrigation canal in Kern County, California, Kern Island Canal or Cayuga–Seneca Canal?
Kern Island Canal
Which English football club is based in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester in which Thomas Albert Parker played?
Stalybridge Celtic Football Club
Seether and Django Django are both what?
rock band
Lira Motorsports made their debut on November 20, 2015 in what state?
Florida
Who wrote the script for a 2002 film directed by Steven Spielberg starring Tom Hanks?
Jeff Nathanson
In what series did both Xavin and Karolina Dean appear?
in the series "Runaways"
Where did the man who killed twenty California Indians establish a fort?
Sacramento, California,
In which movie, directed by Robert Siodmak, did Romy Schneider star after she moved to France? Magnificent Sinner
Magnificent Sinner
Chibuku Shake Shake is a beer based on a traditional beer style commonly found in what country?
South Africa
In what year was the South Korean romance film Love Me Not starring Lee Ki-young released?
2006
Protein phosphorylation is a post-translational modification of proteins, was first reported in 1906 by which American biochemist who studied the structure and function of nucleic acids, at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research?
Phoebus Aaron Theodore Levene
what is the population of  unincorporated community which Goodsprings Schoolhouse  is located in
229 at the 2010 census
Lindsey McDonald is portrayed by an American actor and singer-songwriter who is known for movies including Just Married, Taxi, and what else?
Secondhand Lions
Which actress known for her role as Anne Frank in the tv miniseries first made her film debut in the House of the Spirits?
Hannah Taylor-Gordon
Torrent Falls is near a canyon system on the Red River that is geologically part of what?
Pottsville Escarpment
Albert Wagner and Honus Wagner both played in what sport?
Baseball
Long John Silver was quartermaster under what 18th-century fictional captain?
Captain J. Flint
"A Quick One, While He's Away" is a 1966 medley written a musician who was born in what year?
1945
The 2nd Army Corps took part in the Battle of Tannenberg,  fought between Russia and Germany from 26–30 August 1914, during the first month of what war?
World War I
Edgerton Hartwell was a member of the football team that played in what league?
United Football League
Which planet in the "Star Wars" universe is home to the Wookies and was featured in the Star Wars Holiday Special of 1978?
Kashyyyk
What is the postcode of a town in Cook County, New South Wales, that is situated approximately 100 km west of the Sydney central business district, and about 8 km east of Katoomba?
2782
What is the name of this publisher of 11 free suburban weekly newspapers, established by Roger Baynes, and for which City Messenger is part of the group?
Messenger Newspapers
When was Carrie Fisher's brother from Debbie Reynolds born?
1958
What kind of activist is the star of I Am Jazz?
LGBTQ rights activist
Who's nonviolent activism inspired the man who C.T. Vivian was lieutenant to during the Civil Rights Movement?
Mahatma Gandhi
What movie did the "Cool Down" singer rise to prominence with?
Diary ng Panget: The Movie
David Bernstein was the former chairman of what company founded in the 1970's by Stephen Marks?
French Connection
Where did the event take place that Don Wright won a bronze medal in 1982?
QE II Stadium
What are the event arrangers called for the genre of games Dagorhir Battle Games is part of?
gamemasters
The 37th season of the VCU Rams men's basketball team was headed by a coach that played for what university?
Duke University
John Michael Green, is an American author, vlogger, writer, producer, actor and editor, and won the 2006 Printz Award for his debut novel, titled what?
Looking for Alaska
In which city was the movie distributing organization The Weinstein Company founded?
New York City
What is the  large marine bivalve mollusc species with the scientific name "Panopea generosa"?
Geoduck
As of the 2010 census, does Dongguan or Tongzhou District, Beijing have a larger population?
Dongguan
What is the ethnic background of this American educator and politician from the Democratic Party who was re-elected as a US senator representing Hawaii in 1994?
Native Hawaiian
Which director is older, Frank Beyer or Jocelyn Moorhouse?
Frank Paul Beyer
Mean Spirit is the first novel by a novelist born in what year?
1947
who stars in the drama Witness to a Prosecution ||?
Bobby Au-yeung
Was Erich von Stroheim or Wang Xiaoshuai born first?
Erich von Stroheim
Which writer was born first, Jacques Prévert or Eugène Ionesco?
Jacques Prévert
Are Daboecia and Gomphocarpus both types of plant?
yes
Which singer's 1998 album went on to become a UK chart topper?
David Gray
Where does the AVN Media Network hold it's yearly expo?
Las Vegas, Nevada
When did Bobby Sands' hunger strike end?
after 53 days
Which jazz rock band founded by Walter Becker and Donald Fagan produced the album Flying Cowboys?
Steely Dan
Who was director of the 1996 film that was listed in the credits for Don Loren Harper?
Jan de Bont
Where was the creator of Heading Out born?
East Dulwich, south London
Which University's football team is represented by the Tigers, and founded the Society of Profressional Journalists?
DePauw University
"Tina in the Sky with Diamonds" is the second episode of the fifth season of a television series created by who ?
Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan
What 1979 comedy film stars an actor who is also a poker commentator in real life?
Fast Break
Are Michelangelo Antonioni and Ivan Magrin-Chagnolleau of the same nationality?
no
Which band is from London, Django Django or Shout Out Louds?
Django Django
What is the final book in the series that depicts a society that has eliminated emotion and color to attempt to achieve equality?
Son
Which company started life running streetcars in the early 1900's and now operates hydroelectric dams?
Georgia Power
What are the names of the star of Lost in London brothers? 
older brother Andrew and younger brother Luke
Which selective-fire automatic rifle produced in Nazi Germany during World War II was a battle rifle manufactured by the government-owned W+F Bern of Switzerland heavily patterned after?
The FG 42
What nationality was the man to whom "The Cock and the Jewel" is attributed?
Greek
Who released his debut solo album after the group disbanded, Biff Byford or Shane Filan?
Shane Steven Filan
Which show starring Alex Bornstein took place in Quahog?
Family Guy
What honor was a producer of the album As I Am granted in 2015?
Songwriters Hall of Fame
Are both Tritonia and Degarmoara genuses comprised of hybrids?
no
Which university - University of Cincinnati or University of Washington - is a large, public flagship research university established 1861?
The University of Washington
Which president was present for the Mexican Civil War who originated from Oaxaca?
liberal politician of Zapotec origin from Oaxaca.
How tall is this luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau where the winners of 14th IIFA Awards were announced?
39-story
What former quaterback in college at Iowa and porfessiona Detroit Lions player coached the 2008 San Diego State Aztecs football team?
Chuck Long
The Muscogee language is spoken by native Americans who, emerged by ethnogenesis, and settled in Florida in what century? 
the 18th century
Citizens chose how many electors, who pledged to vote for a particular party's candidate, in the United States presidential election in Ohio, 1912?
24
How many active duty personal does the group who commissioned the SS-1 submarine currently possess?
322,421
Intimidator 305 and Thunder Dolphin are what type of roller coaster?
steel roller coaster
"The Abbess of Crewe" is considered an allegory for the scandal during which what headquarters were broken into?
Democratic National Committee (DNC)
In his youth, Porter Sargent's family moved to a ranch in which city in California, among the professors who influenced him were Nathaniel Shaler, he was an American paleontologist and geologist who wrote extensively on the theological and scientific implications of the theory of evolution?
San Bernardino
What is the nickname of the St Albans City football club where former professional footballer Paul Price has played?
"The Saints"
What Swiss American helped design the Ford Sierra
Robert Anthony Lutz
Who was maid of honour at her sister, Duchess of Cambridge, wedding to Prince William?
Pippa Middleton
Which film did the hostess of "Wheel of Fortune" star in, that premiered November 20, 1988? 
Goddess of Love
Tobago Express operated as a sister airline of a state-owned airline that employs more than how many people?
1,700
Longplayer is a self-extending composition by which English musician born on July 25, 1955?
Jem Finer
what team does the former 2012-13 FC Sion player now manage?
A.C. Milan Primavera
Rätia is a EuroCity train service that linked Hamburg in Germany with Chur, is the capital and largest town of the Swiss canton of Grisons and lies in the Grisonian Rhine Valley, and are in which country?
Switzerland
Joseph Kahn has worked with what Star Search and Mickey Mouse Club singer?
Christina María Aguilera
John T. Elson was an editor at Time who was responsible for the cover story released on what date?
April 8, 1966
What airline is the Japanese member of the low-cost Value Alliance wholly owned by?
All Nippon Airways
Which Hospital has more beds the Psychiatric Institute of Washington or Providence Hospital ?
Providence Hospital
The actor described by the CNN as one of the world's biggest stars, he has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide and has received numerous awards, including two National Film Awards as a producer, and two Filmfare Awards as an actor played in Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar, what role did he play?
husband
Do Miguel Ángel Asturias and Buckminster Fuller both have writing experience?
yes
How many episodes of the Daily Show is the Correspondent with who Vacationland ended with in 2015, credited with between 2014 and 2017?
170
The duo who recorded "My Baby's Gone" appeared on "Austin City Limits" in what year?
1985
Which documentary was released in the 21st century, Fear of a Black Republican or Seal Island?
Fear of a Black Republican
When did this American Southern rock band with multiple guitar players and a heavy metal drummer reach it's peak?
1970s
Who directed the 2006 film for which "Keep Holding On" is the theme song?
Stefen Fangmeier
The Juarez Cartel associates with which El Paso gang?
Barrio Azteca
Who played left field Chuck Essegian or Varaz Samuelian?
"Chuck" Essegian (born August 9, 1931) is an American former professional baseball left fielder
What year was the university where Patrick Daniel Gaffney earned his PhD established?
1890
Both the single "Stay" and the debut studio album "Cloud Nine" were developed by which Norwegian DJ and record producer?
Kygo
What football coach won an Orange Bowl and coached his home games at Memorial Stadium?
Mark Mangino
Which of the following is part of the girl group Dal Shabet: Park Subin or Toby Rand?
Park Su-bin
What award was given to the short documentary directed by Geoffrey Barkas and Ivor Montagu, in which the pilot was the first man to fly over Mount Everest?
Academy Award
the man who described Pope Theophilus of Alexandria as "...the perpetual enemy of peace and virtue" passed away in which year ?
1794
Which movie, based on a cartoon character by Seymour Reit and Joe Oriolo, did Deanna Oliver and Sherri Stoner work on?
"Casper" (1995)
What district is the building that surpassed the Guangdong International Building as the largest building in Guangzhou located in?
Tianhe District
Are both Barbarossa and Crokinole board games?
yes
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: The Movie stars an American fitness guru who promotes weight-loss programs, prominently through what line of videos?
Sweatin' to the Oldies
Are both Ray Toro and Zvuki Mu both Russian?
no
What is the name of the personal vision developed by the founder of The Fourth International Posadist?
Posadism.
Rocket to the Morgue is a 1942 mystery novel written by an author who was born in this year?
1861
Where was the treaty that disestablished Karasi Sanjak as one of the first sanjaks of the Ottoman Empire signed?
Palais de Rumine
Sidney Lumet was best known for?
director, producer and screenwriter
What is the birthdate of this American actor and director, know for his role in Willard and starring in X2?
June 28, 1946
Which Mary Tyler Moore Show actress guest starred in the episode of an NBC comedy which also featured the final apprearance of Lindsey Broad?
Georgia Engel
Vinci and Heroscape are both examples of what?
board game
Opodo is an online travel agency founded by a consortium of European airlines including the largest German airline and one of five founding members of what?
Star Alliance
When did the drama where Choi Min-ho made his actor debut air?
November 27, 2010
Doctor of Fine Arts (D.F.A.) is doctoral degree in fine arts, may be given as an honorary degree, or an earned professional degree, in the UK, which university in Hertfordshire, offer this programme ?
University of Hertfordshire
Which group is from England, Dinosaur Pile-Up or X Ambassadors?
Dinosaur Pile-Up
Operation Vengeance was designed to kill the leader of which Japanese military body?
Imperial Japanese Navy
Zaladane is possibly the sister of the superhero who appears most commonly in association with whom?
X-Men
Who directed and co-produced the 2014 American biographical drama that Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti was in?
Bill Pohlad
Tie a Yellow Ribbon is the third album by American popular music group Dawn (Michael Anthony Orlando Cassavitas, Telma Hopkins & Joyce Vincent Wilson) released in which year?
1973
What years did Wasim Hasan's brother, who later on became a commentator in international cricket matches, represent Pakistan as a cricketer?
1980s and the 1990s
Are both Candleshoe and Pooh's Heffalump Movie Walt Disney films?
yes
The singer of "Mama Do (Uh Oh, Uh Oh)" had her film debut in a 2010 tv comedy movie directed by who?
Clay Weiner
Takura Tendayi is a Zimbabwean singer/songwriter and member of the band Door Policy alongside producer Bibby Jones, he co-wrote Rihanna's 2009 single, Wait Your Turn, for her fourth studio album, "Rated R", released in what year?
2009
Brian Olsen was the last WEC Champion before it was purchased by which sports promotion company?
Zuffa, LLC
What American model and actress was born August 6, 1993 and starred in Mad Families?
Charlotte McKinney
Adolfo Odnoposoff performed under direction of a conductor born in which year ?
1903
Who was the writer of the short stories collection influenced by the surrealist painter that was a founding member of the Mexican Women's Liberation Movement? 
Jen George
Bill DuBuque is currently penning the script for the Nightwing film that is part of an American media franchise centered on a series of superhero films by what company?
Warner Bros
Did both Winston Churchill and Philip Larkin write?
yes
What late model stock car automobile race did Wayne Anderson win in 2001?
The Snowball Derby
On what channel did Joanne Clifton win the 2016 series of "Strictly Come Dancing?"
BBC One
Only God Can Judge Me is a mixtape that included an appearance by which rapper who debuted in 1996?
Yo Gotti
Which rapper born February 8, 1973, guest appears on Chronicles of the Juice Man?
Project Pat
A Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner is affiliated with a martial arts school located where?
Lenox, Massachusetts
What movement is David Yerushalmi behind that would prohibit the implementation of Islanic law in courts in any civil jurisdiction?
anti-sharia movement
Simpsons Illustrated led to the establishment of what comic book publishing company that was founded in 1993 by Matt Groening, along with Steve and Cindy Vance and Bill Morrison?
Bongo Comics Group
Philip N. Howard took up the professorship in Internet Studies at what University?
University of Oxford
What year was The Holy Emperor of Romes courtier promoted to head of the bodyguard?
924
What country is Carmel Gunning from?
Ireland
Carter Benedict Burwell, is an American composer of film scores, Burwell has scored three of Todd Haynes' films, receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score for which 2015 British-American romantic drama film, directed by Todd Haynes?
Carol
Metropolitan Life North Building is connected by an elevated walkway to a tower designed by which architectural firm ?
Napoleon LeBrun & Sons
What was the birthday of the man who managed Tito Vilanova until June 2014?
17 September 1968
King Diamond's original drummer is a Swedish rock musician who has been playing with what band since April 2016?
Scorpions
The fair that features organic food in Unity, Maine takes place in which county? 
Waldo County
What co-educational college-preparatory school is located in the same state that Mary Richardson Walker's parents were from?
Kents Hill School
 Jung Yong-hwa and Chrissie Hynde are both musicians in what musical genre?
rock
What is the name of the cognac house that makes the main ingredient in The Hennchata?
Jas Hennessy & Co.
Obey the Time, is the eighth studio album by which post-punk English band?
The Durutti Column
When was the quarterback who beat out Trevor Knight in an open quarterback competition before the 2015 season born?
April 14, 1995
Which 2005 film did the Austrian director, who directed the Austrian psychological thriller film about two men who hold a family hostage, also direct?
Caché
Name the World War II cruiser, whose captain was an American naval and commanding officer when it was lost in action in 1945, resulting in a massive loss of life, and for which he was subjected to court-martial, but was later exonerated through efforts by William Joseph Toti, the final captain of the Los Angeles class submarine of the same name?
USS Indianapolis
Were One Hundred and One Dalmatians and The Princess and the Frog both produced by Walt Disney?
yes
Who wrote the novel that Brian Patrick O'Toole wrote screenplays for?
Ayn Rand
Which city is located farther south in China, Lingwu or Changsha?
Changsha
What year did the composer of Alzira die?
1901
What company did Freddie A. Laker's father found in 1966?
Laker Airways
What was longer, the Black River Canal or the Chenango Canal?
Chenango Canal
Which is a genus of Australian shrubs, Anemonopsis or Westringia? 
Westringia
What is Perry Hall counties ranking in terms of population?
third-most
An American actor Dan Byrd who played role in the movie directed by Will Gluck and written by Bert V Royal has played prominent role in which 2004 film.
A Cinderella Story
Which is lactose tolerant friendly, The Goldeneye or The White Russian?
The Goldeneye
What is another name for the blood disorder Emmanuel Ntima Weyi founded a non-profit in support of?
Sickle-cell disease
What was a cartridge developed for the Browning .50 caliber machine gun in the late 1910, was banned in California which led to the adoption of a French rifle cartridge developed by Eric Danis? 
.50 Browning Machine Gun
Albert Burns rode for what American motorcycle manufacturer that was founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin?
Harley-Davidson, Inc.
Are New York Woman and New Idea, from Australia, both weekly publications?
no
Does Jet or Real Simple come out more times in a year?
Jet
Are James Glickenhaus and Eric Red both automotive entrepreneurs?
no
Between Brad Anderson and Bernard Vorhaus, who had more diverse work experiences?
Brad Anderson
Where was the man who won the gold medal in the competitions held from September 20 to October 1, 1991, in Cairo, Egypt born?
Windhoek
Who wrote and directed "Tiger and Crane Fist", a parody of a martial arts film, which usually contain numerous martial arts fights?
Steve Oedekerk
Which movie starring Peter Capaldi is set to release on 10 November 2017?
Paddington 2
Where is the institute formerly directed by food technologist Vishweshwaraiah Prakash located?
foothills of the Chamundi Hills
Tom Who is the editor of the Nature Photonics where American physicist Tom Baehr-Jones has been published in?
Oliver Graydon
Robert Covington, and injured 76er during the 2016-17 season, attanded which college basketball program?
Tennessee State University
What is the name of this singer who released several albums with her country music singer daughter that worked with Mark Selby?
Naomi
In 1924  E. C. Rhodes became Reader at a university founded in what year?
1895
Raja Rajendra is a 2015 Kannada comedy film that stars what actress who is known for her role in the film Drishyam?
Ishita Dutta
Robert L. DuPont, is a national leader in marijuana policy, drug policy and treatment, he was second White House Drug Czar from 1973 to 1977 under former Presidents Richard Nixon and which American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977?
Gerald Ford
Which home computer was sold first, the Matra Alice or the IBM PS/1?
The Matra & Hachette Ordinateur Alice was a home computer sold in France beginning in 1983.
What was the most successful album on which Bret Michaels was the lead singer?
Open Up and Say... Ahh!
Who Killed the Electric Car? and Listen to Britain, are documentary films?
no
In addition to Paul Centopani, who was the second member of the Young Stallions?
Jim Powers
American Atheists is a non-profit activist organization in the United States, the organization was founded by Madalyn Murray O'Hair, in which year?
1963
Are Bupleurum and Astelia native to the same areas?
no
Where was the conductor of The Goodbye Girl born
American
What title did the mother of Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen hold in Tuscany?
Grand Duchess
Who edited the book on which the essay, The Rhetoric of Hitler's "Battle" focuses ? 
Rudolf Hess.
What rock band, formed in 2002 at Wesleyan University, recorded a new version of their track "Time to Pretend" on their 2007-2008 album?
MGMT
What is the American adventure film of a shipwrecked family building an island home, Swiss Family Robinson or Tonka?
Swiss Family Robinson
Aaron S. Rosenberg, an American novelist and game designer, wrote what fantasy novel? 
Beyond the Dark Portal
Udham Singh assassinated Which Lieutenant Governor? The Lieutenant Governor endorsed General Reginald Dyer's action regarding the Amritsar massacre.
Sir Michael Francis O'Dwyer
Northern Inuit Dog and Alaskan Malamute are both what?
dog
What date was a limited edition EP released by a band named after the Whitechapel district in East London, England?
November 8, 2011
In what sitcom did Karen Walker was a fictional character of?
Will & Grace
On what date was the Kanye West album from which "Famous" serves as the lead single released?
February 14, 2016
Are Debbie Harry and Kim Tae-yeon both American?
no
Who wrote a novel that was adapted into a film which featured the voice of a man who sang in Hindi and other languages?
Tarasankar Bandyopadhyay
In what year was the actor who plays an anxious novelist in the movie Ruby Sparks born?
1984
Krysten Alyce Ritter is an American actress and former model, and one of the stars of the 2010 American comedy film,  How to Make Love to a Woman directed by Scott Culver and written by who?
Dennis Kao
Cartoon Action Hour is a role-playing game (RPG) designed to emulate classic action-adventure cartoons, such as He-Man, a character of a series of comic books and several animated television series, and in most variations, he is the alter ego of who?
Prince Adam
Which  castle in the border region of Scotland did Hermitage Water passes through 
Hermitage Castle
What was the name of the band that offshoot from the English new wave and synth-pop band formed in Birmingham in 1978, and released the single Say the Word?
Arcadia
Are Kelli Ali and Paul Weller both members of the same band?
no
Austrian psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich pioneered the field of body psychotherapy, which he originally called what?
vegetotherapy
What medium-sized bear native to North America can be seen in Harriman State Park?
American black bear
The director of "An American Tragedy" emigrated permanently to the United States at what age?
fourteen
Mike Gibbons and Stanley Ketchel were both what type of people?
boxer
Has New Found Glory or Idlewild released more studio albums?
New Found Glory
In China, which location focuses on agriculture, Yingtan or Wendeng District?
Wendeng is primarily an industrial based area, with a large minority of citizens working as farmers.
What television drama was about a man who committed murder in New York's Central Park on August 26, 1986?
The Preppie Murder
Outlaw was released by a brand name, that is a subsidiary of a publisher of which nationality?
French
What are the two roles of the writer of Father to a Sister of Thought?
lead singer and guitarist
What type of soprano was Emma Matthews famous for?
lyric soprano is a type of operatic soprano voice
How many council members serve alongside Jim Strickland?
thirteen
The Broadmeadows railway station is situated on the boundary of Elizabeth North and a suburb that was formed as part of a merger in what year?
1993
An American country music singer known for his flashy Nudie and Manuel suits and blond pompadour recorded an album with which American entertainer in 1974?
Dolly Parton
Who was the employer of the cartoonist who drew "Little Nemo"?
William Randolph Hearst
808 peaked at number eight on what?
Billboard" Hot 100
Roy Nielsen and Max Manus both were a resistance fighter/member of what World War?
World War II
Before Chop Socky Chooks what episode did Mike Kubat receive a Leo Award for?
"Spindly Tam Kanushu"
Ramakrishna Pillai, (1878–1916) was a nationalist writer, journalist, editor, and political activist, Karl Marx (1912) are among his most noted works in Malayalam, the first ever biography of Karl Marx in any Indian language, which languages spoken in India belong to several language families, the major ones being the Indo-Aryan languages spoken by 75% of Indians and the Dravidian languages spoken by what percentage, of Indians?
20%
When did the American retired professional basketball player born who won NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award with Manu Ginóbili and Jason Terry?
November 6, 1979
Which American actress, who is known for role in "Parks and Recreation," was also the host of the Critic's Choice Television Awards?
Retta
Johnny McNichol played more than 150 games for which football club from East Sussex?
Brighton & Hove Albion Football Club
Which private, historically black university that was established by Booker T. Washington currently has Willie J. Slater as its head football coach?
Tuskegee University
Who lived on the second floor of what is now a museum and a former residence ofakberte winehouse, who's wife was the second woman to finish a full program of study at the Department of Mathematics and Physics ?
Albert Einstein
What steel roller coaster in Arlington, Texas is similar to Goliath in Valencia, California?
Titan
If She Knew What She Wants was covered in 1986 by a band formed in which city?
Los Angeles
The Omni Royal Orleans is a 345-room hotel, in the French Quarter of Louisiana, which Category 4 event occurred in 1915?
1915 New Orleans hurricane
Chu Mu-yen is an athlete playing a sport characterized by what ?
its emphasis on head-height kicks, jumping and spinning kicks, and fast kicking techniques
In 2004 Hilary Duff starred with her older sister in the movie In Search of Santa, they also starred together in Hilary's show Lizzie McGuire, when her sister played what character?
Amy Sanders
Vern Rutsala Born in McCall, Idaho taught English and creative writing at private liberal arts college with just over how many students attending the undergraduate College of Arts and Sciences?
2,000
Which building is nicknamed "The Billionaire Building" and hosts 92 condominiums units on top of a 210-room Hyatt Hotel: 30 Hudson Yards or One57?
One57
What company is one of the board members of a consumer brand of parent company One97 Communications founder and CEO of? 
InMobi
Jeffrey Walker and Fat Mike, share which mutual occupation?
vocalist
Which comedian played in When Time Ran Out and The Karate Kid?
Pat Morita
In which city in Missouri is this public land-grant research university located for which Thomas Kelley served as the head coach in the 1920s?
Columbia
Which Sacramento Kings player who won four player of the year awards also played at the seventh annual Diamond Head Classic?
Buddy Hield
"Heartland" is a song by rock band U2, and is the thirteenth track on their 1988 album "Rattle and Hum", their sixth studio album, and a companion rockumentary film directed by who?
Phil Joanou
Who is younger, Thomaz Koch or Sherwood Stewart?
Sherwood Stewart
Madras Cafe is a 2013 Indian political thriller spy film, the film deals with an Indian Army special officer who is appointed by what, which is the primary foreign intelligence agency of India?
Research and Analysis Wing
Us Conductors accounts the relationship between  Clara Rockmore and this inventor who is most famous for his invention of what?
theremin
What do Erica and Beschorneria have in common?
plants
USAAF station 590 is located in which parish with a WA5 postal code?
the parish of Great Sankey
Knocked Up is an American romantic comedy film, released in which year, and stars include Paul Rudd, an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer?
2007
Warren Beatty and William Dieterle, are American?
no
Which was a businessman, Howard Kazanjian and Gerard Cafesjian?
Gerard Leon Cafesjian
What company owned the resort in Atlantic City where Red Square was formerly located?
Tropicana Entertainment
Who was the architect for a visitor attraction in Belfast with more than 12000 sqm of floor space?
Eric Robert Kuhne
What South African politician formed a government of national unity with nelson Mandela's African National Congress and Mangosuthu Buthelezi's Inkatha Freedom Party?
Frederik Willem de Klerk
Which Beatles song, released in Britain in 1965 and covered by former Spice Girls member Melanie C and Lulu, and the US band Breakfast Club was included in the compilation album Rock 'n' Roll Music?
Drive My Car
No Secrets had a single that was used on the action-comedy film released on what television channel?
Cartoon Network
What member of the Federation of Indian Airlines is the largest Asian low-cost carrier?
IndiGo
What two term Governor of California participated in the Stop the Madness anti-drug music video in 1985?
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Which is published in a bigger city, Kennebec Journal or Portland Press Herald?
Portland Press Herald
Which took place longer in 1945, Battle of Luzon or Operation Undertone?
Battle of Luzon
What did a niece of Cissy Houston became a United Nations Global Ambassador for?
the Food and Agriculture Organization
A historic neighborhood in the Kentucky city originally called Lebanon was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on which date?
June 7, 1978
The actress who stars in the 1999 film "Universal Soldier: The Return" has her own show on which network?
ESPN
In which city did Michel Hugo become a professor?
Paradise, Nevada
What game featured In the Streets to Africa?
action-adventure video game
When did Reinhold Niebuhr write "Moral Man and Immoral Society" and argue Christian Realism?
the twentieth century
The first televised speech in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom was made by a politician that was assassinated by what group?
Provisional Irish Republican Army
Which politician was once a Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky and a mayor in Louisville?
Jerry Edwin Abramson
Confrontation Camp is an American rap rock group consisting of many members, including which American DJ and turntablist?
DJ Lord
What postmaster was the indirect namesake of Urge Overkill's second EP?
Sylvester Stull
How many people are employed by the laboratory across from McKenzie, Maryland?
some 1,000
On what team did Taylor Griffin's younger brother play in college?
Oklahoma Sooners
Christopher Lynch is a former CEO of a company that manages and develops urban toll road networks in which countries?
Australia and North America
The Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani classical music influenced what person who played a key role in the development of All India Radio? 
Jaideva Singh
What Australian state was the 1919 VFL Gran Final football game held?
Victoria
Mastophora dizzydeani was named after a pitcher who was the last in the National League to win how many games in one season?
30
Barbara Frittoli made her Metropolitan Opera debut in a opera by what composer?
Georges Bizet
B.L.O.W. is a song by which Canadian rapper, Daystar Peterson, better known by which stage name?
Tory Lanez
What frequency is the magazine, in which the Texas Football Classic appears, published?
biannual
Which band released more albums, desert-rock band Thin White Rope or Wiltshire indie foursome The Badgeman?
Thin White Rope
"I Stand Alone" is a song by the American rock band Godsmack, it served as a single from the "Scorpion King" soundtrack, released on which date?
March 5, 2002
Which air transport operations hub was commanded by the most recent serial killer profiled in the book Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder?
CFB Trenton
Who is the mayor of a Denmark town that sits on the peninsula of Northern Europe that forms the continental portion of Denmark and part of northern German?
Laurids Rudebeck
What film was the song for which Sukhwinder Singh won the Best Male Playback Award?
Dil Se
She's Leaving Home was from the album released on what date?
26 May 1967
Among India's oldest universities founded in 1918, Osmania University is in which city?
Hyderabad
What year was the university Steve Cole is a professor at founded?
1885
Who magazine is based in Milan, Italy Donna Moderna or Parents?
Donna Moderna
Vishwavir Ahuja is the CEO of what scheduled commercial bank that is headquartered in Maharashtra, India?
RBL Bank Limited
2015 Idlib offensive refers to a series of rebel operations and is mentioned in the English-language weekly magazine-format newspaper edited where?
London
Which style of minimalist furniture and housewares from Denmark associated was Hans J. Wegner, one of the leading figures of its movement 
Danish modern
What is the nickname of the radio presenter who has a show on an FM band radio station in Sydney Australia with a target market of people aged 39-54?
"The Love God"
Who directed the film where the actor who played Gandalf played Cogsworth?
Bill Condon
Clive Dunn is the cousin of which English actress and dancer?
Gretchen Franklin
Which Stephen King novel did the name of the band Ad Sluijter contributed to come from? 
The Eyes of the Dragon
My Life as a Fake is a 2003 novel by Australian writer Peter Carey based on the Ern Malley hoax of 1943, in which two poets created a fictitious poet, Ern Malley, and submitted poems in his name to which Australian literary and artistic avant-garde movement of the 1940s, and name of this magazine?
Angry Penguins
In what year was the 76th Guards Air Assault Division involved in the January Events?
1991
Which magazine, Nintendo Power or Armchair General, was produced by Weider History Group?
Armchair General
An American twin-engine attack helicopter that was developed for the United States Marine Corps as part of the H-1 upgrade program is also called what when based on the ICAO phonetic alphabet pronunciation of it's variant letter? 
Zulu Cobra
What is the name of the musician who wrote "That's the Way God Planned It" and released an album called "Everybody Likes Some Kind of Music"?
Billy Preston
Christine Ebersole appeared on Broadway in what musical, based on a 1975 documentary?
Grey Gardens
Syed Ali Raza Usama and Dionciel Armstrong, have which occupation in common?
Film Director
What nationality was the character portrayed by Richard Heinrich Ludwig Münch in "Patton" (1970)?
German
Martha Ellen Reeves got her masters at a university located in which US state ?
Missouri
Cydista and Pachystegia, are related to what?
shrubs
Texas v. White and United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp. were argued in what court?
The Supreme Court
What railway routes connecting two major cities in the North West of England are included in the City Line?
Liverpool–Manchester lines
For what NBC sketch comedy is the creator of 30 Rock best known?
"Saturday Night Live"
When did Denmark lose control of Frederiknagore?
until 1845, when their alliance with a defeated France led to the colony being ceded to the British East Indian company.
Does Sansha contain more islands than Xingning, Guangdong?
yes
Did the bands Twenty One Pilots and Catherine Wheel both perform on tour?
yes
In which year was this American actor, director, writer, producer, dancer and musician born who directed the film "One, Two, Many?"
1965
What cultural region in County Galway, Ireland, is where Irish writer of thrillers and television screenplays, Manning O'Brine, was born?
Connemara
When was the General of American Civil War born who established Camp Smith?
September 21, 1825
What type of music did the pianist who wrote the original music score to The Incredible Shrinking Woman find early success with?
innovative electronic music
Who was the son of the ruling king of the second largest city in Afghanistan
Vasudeva of Kabul
The team captains the British game show Insert Name Here are Richard Osman and another comedian who was born in what year?
1983
Which five other actors hosted the 30th Tony Awards in 1976 alongside the actor nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Roman Holiday?
Richard Burton, Jane Fonda, Diana Rigg, George C. Scott and Trish Van Devere
Which film director was born in Romania, Leni Riefenstahl or Mitch Anderson?
Mitch Anderson
Which musician is American, Roy Khan or Lou Gramm?
Lou Gramm
Who directed the game in which George Newbern played Sephiroth? 
Tetsuya Nomura
What How to Make It in America star also starred in a movie with Uma Thurman?
Bryan Greenberg
What prestigious award have Bertrand Russell and Günter Grass won?
Nobel Prize
What award is sponsored by the National Australia Bank and received by Dyson Heppell in 2011?
Ron Evans Medal
What Role did Ashleigh Cummings play in the Australian drama television series based on Kerry Greenwood's novels?
Dorothy Williams
What is the nickname of this Australian fashion model, actress and musician who appeared in the film "Welcome the Stranger?"
Industry Icon
What was the occupation of the man who is commemorated by the Uncle Sam Memorial Statue ?
meat packer
The company that invented the Hazy-Sighted Link State Routing Protocol was given what award by the Franklin Institute in 1966?
Frank P. Brown Medal
How large is the park that the USRC Erie is stationed at?
3112 acre
Tintin and I and Cancer, are films of which genre?
documentary
In which area did this French engineer and physicist, whose name became synonymous to one of a series of concentric prolate ellipsoidal regions of space between and around a transmitting antenna and a receiving antenna system, contribute significantly?
theory of wave optics
Shadow of the Cobra is a 1989 television movie based on the book, regarding who, which is widely believed to be a psychopath?
Charles Sobhraj
Where is the sports talk show, 'Back of the Shop', which has featured guest stars including Snoop Dogg, and former NBA player Amar'e Stoudemire, hosted?
Bronx, New York
What is the capacity of the entertainment venue at which the 1996 World Matchplay darts tournament was held?
3,000
For which car bombing in Northern Ireland did Tim Hegarty and Ross Graham release a support album?
Omagh bombing
Both .li and .ch are country codes under which naming system?
Domain Name System of the Internet
What was the most successful single from the motion picture soundtrack from the  1985 American drama film directed by Taylor Hackford and choreographed by Twyla Tharp and stars Mikhail Baryshnikov, Gregory Hines, Jerzy Skolimowski, Helen Mirren and Isabella Rossellini?
Separate Lives
The southern terminus of North Williams Avenue is near an indoor sports arena formerly known as what?
Rose Garden
Sunny Day Real Estate and Bikini Kill were bands originating from what state?
Washington
Does the Landseer or English Mastiff have a limited range of colors? 
English Mastiff
The Defector is a 2009 spy novel by who, the cover depicts the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben, the nickname for the Great Bell of the clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London and is usually extended to refer to both the clock and the clock tower as well?
Daniel Silva
Do Ihor Podolchak and Roger Donaldson have the same nationality?
no
In the mid-1980s, which political consultant was closely linked to the future 50th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives?
Joseph Gaylord
What genus has more species, Centradenia or Lindera?
Lindera
Is Tennessee Titans' Corey Davis the older or younger brother of Titus Davis, also a wide receiver?
younger
What party is Sarah Coburn's father a member of?
Republican Party
The colonies of St. Thomas, St. John, St. Croix, Ghana, Tharangambadi, Serampore, and Nicobar Islands were involved in what 1807-1814 war?
The Gunboat War
Which water park opened in Kansas City in 2009 and featured a slide named after the German word fro crazy?
Schlitterbahn Kansas City
Was Beauty and the Beast or The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band more political?
The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band
 Help! is a song that was used in what 1965 comedy film?
Help!
Which movie was the actress who played Donna in "Being Human" nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award?
"Picket Fences
For which number novel did the author of "The Secret History" win the Pulitzer Price for fiction?
third
Who was the producer of the 1981 American neo-noir political thriller film?
George Litto
Who distributed the show from which the song "Friends" was sampled
Nelvana Limited
Canadian born actor who is best known for his role playing Stephen Jameson stars in The Hunters with which female actress? 
Alexa Vega
What American reality personality who is the son of a semi retired professional wrestler, also had a civil suit against George Euripides Tragos?
Nick Hogan
When was the English footballer and manager who scored for Everton in 1970 FA Charity Shield born? 
22 May 1946
Which Supreme Court decision, decided on the same day as Doe v. Bolton, tied state regulation of abortion to the third trimester of pregnancy?
Roe v. Wade
The second of two books consisting of transcribed and edited, oral reminiscences from American physicist Richard Feynman which follows "Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!" was written by Richard Feynman and who else?
Ralph Leighton.
New York State Route 406 (NY 406) is a state highway in Schenectady County, New York, the western terminus of the route is at an intersection with U.S. Route 20 (US 20) in which town in Schenectady County, New York?
Princetown
What country does Elstree and Watling Street run through?
England
Which documentary focused on the Vietnam War, The Anderson Platoon or Saigon, U.S.A.?
The Anderson Platoon
What is the name of the initiative of Stanford University started by one of the co-founders of Coursera?
Stanford Engineering Everywhere
What is the nickname of the man who managed West Ham United immediately before Slaven Bilić ?
"Big Sam"
"Life on the Fast Lane", also known as "Jacques to Be Wild", is the ninth episode of "The Simpsons"' first season, it was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by who?
David Silverman
Are Indian School and In Search of the Second Amendment both documentaries?
yes
Sinan Antoon is an associate professor at the college that is within what larger institution?
New York University
Who is known as the Milwaukee Cannibal and got John Balcerzak fired for giving him an injured child?
Jeffrey Dahmer
Madge Ryan had a film role in which CinemaScope and Technicolor musical film featuring Cliff Richard?
Summer Holiday
What was the nationality of the director of The Red Badge of Courage?
American
R&B and blues musician Daryl Davis performed with which famous American singer born on November 23, 1954?
Bruce Hornsby
Deep in My Soul was written by a man that became the vice president of what company?
Motown
What differentiates Recitative from Arioso music style?
It resembles sung ordinary speech more than a formal musical composition.
Which film director is also a sound designer, Serge de Poligny or Ric Viers?
Ric Viers
What airlines was found in 1945 and has it's main hub at Addis Ababa Bole International Airport?
Ethiopian Airlines
What Capcom game is included with Dead Rising in a platinum hits pack?
Devil May Cry 4
Which poet is known for his war poetry on the horrors of trench and gas warfare: Wilfred Owen or Daniil Kharms?
Wilfred Edward Salter Owen
Stephen V. Harkness was a businessman who was a silent partner in Standard Oil, helping which business magnate?
John Davison Rockefeller Sr.
Which was released first, The True Glory or American Pimp?
The True Glory
Windows Sound System was developed by a multinational technology company headquartered where?
Redmond, Washington
What actress appeared on "The Sing-Off" before her role in the film directed and co-produced by Elizabeth Banks?
Kelley Jakle
The actor, who starred in Staten Island Summer and has Carrie Brownstein as a comedy partner, was born on what day?
born December 4, 1966
Who did a 2017 candidate for Vice Chair of the Democratic National Committee found a super PAC with?
Allida Black
What punk rock band using horror film imagery was an influence on the Swedish band Entombed?
Misfits
Which midfielder for Manchester United was featured on 5 Magazine?
Juan Mata
Wayne Knight plays Mr. Blik in a tv series created by who?
Doug TenNapel
Which magazine what founded first, Consumers Digest or America's Civil War?
Consumers Digest
The main character of The Pianist survives due to the help of a German army captain, who was taken prisoner by what army?
Red Army
What is the scientific name associated with the small carnivorous mammal and member of the mustelid family that was sought after during the California Fur Rush?
Pekania pennanti
What is the name of the 2013 English-language science fiction adventure film directed by a South Korean who also co-wrote a 2017 action-adventure film with Bong and Jon Ronson which featured child actress Ahn Seo-hyun?
Snowpiercer
How many academic departments does this institution from which Rajeev Suri received a Bachelor of Engineering?
16
Where is Focus Brands, owner of Moe's Southwest Grill informally known as Moes, based?
Sandy Springs, Georgia
For which sporting event, held every four years, is Philip Sinon, a middle-distance runner, best known?
Olympic Games
Joseph Bottum wrote about what type of politics, best known for being practiced by adherents from the 1970s through the 2000s?
Neoconservatism
Should've Said No was from the debut album by which American singer-songwriter, released in 2006?
Taylor Swift
Which ride at the theme park located between Branson and Branson West off of Missouri Route 76 on the Indian Point peninsula of Table Rock Lake opened on April 14, 2007?
Giant Barn Swing
Which is a monthly publication, Tea Moderna or Vintage Life?
Vintage Life
Are both Liam Gallagher and Deron Miller known for lead vocals of their respective bands?
yes
What is a multi-purpose stadium used mostly for American football in St. Louis, that held The 1996 Dr Pepper Big 12 Championship Game?
The Dome at America's Center
Which genus has more species, Worsleya or Gordonia?
Gordonia
One of the most successful Hindi playback singers, worked with three other singers on the remix of what?
Bachna Ae Hasseeno
In 2007 Rand Hummel  was named Director of THE WILDS of New England located in what county?
Hillsborough County
Which mathematician contributed most to the decidability of various algebraic groups, Anatoly Maltsev or Semyon Aranovich Gershgorin?
Anatoly Ivanovich Maltsev
What is the name of the lowest road in Great Britain, that crosses through the village and civil parish in the Fens of England?
A1101 road
Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures was a film starring which actor, director, and scriptwriter?
Yevgeny Alexandrovich Morgunov
What is the given name of the founder of the activist group that protested the trial of Geert Wilders?
Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon
Who has more occupations related to movies, Walter Lang or Scott Derrickson?
Scott Derrickson
Which character created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona has control of a vehicle in the form of a large frog?
Chase Stein
Born January 21, 1963 this professional basketball player was named "Sixth Man of The Year" in the 1991-92 season, 
Detlef Schrempf
What British Politician, who was the Prime Minister of the Unted Kingdom, was the person who forced a resignation from PAtrick Mercer?
David Cameron
Live at the Sex Machine included a track sampled by the group of what nationality in "Smack My Bitch Up"?
British
How many member growers does the cooperative that Steve Wayne did commercials for have?
over 700
Did Holly Hunter star in The Piano or The Big White first?
The Piano
Nick Morris made the music video for which song by the 1985 Brit Awards "Best British Male" recipient?
"Everytime You Go Away"
In what year was the actress who is starred as Baron Frankenstein's new creation in "Frankenstein Created Woman" born?
1944
Jeremy Theobald and Christoper Nolan share what profession?
producer
What year was the Governor of Oklahoma first elected who approved the Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency's first trust indenture?
1975
What American quartery lifestyle magazine did Hearst Shkelev Media also publish?
Departures
For what team features manager Paolo Rodolfi and former player/current head coach Christian Panucci?
Albania national team
What commercial starring Vinny Warren first debuted during Monday Night Football in December of 1999?
Whassup?
What agency have Claudie Haigneré and Gerhard Thiele both worked for?
European Space Agency
鳥山 明 was the creator of what manga?
Dragon Ball
The Daljir party developed from what tradition whose meaning has been debated in both public and academic contexts?
Islamism
What country has jurisdicion over one of the fives Arctic Coastal states and had a historian that specialized in aboriginal rights?
Canada
Wayne Dobbs served as head basketball coach at an institution that is the largest Christian university in what state? 
Tennessee
What actress who appeared alongside Johnny Depp in the 1990 dark fairy-tale by Tim Burton is also in a 1990 American comedy drama starring Jeff Daniels?
Winona Ryder
Who wrote the film that a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader was loosely based on and was  a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton?
DeWitt Bodeen
Albert Anthony Iafrate and Zdeno Chára both set a record for? 
velocity
What cities does the railway line that formerly included Cullerin railway station run between?
Sydney to Albury
David Pear was a NFL football player, that won Super Bowl XV, playing on which team?
Oakland Raiders
Darren Reiher was a born in a town with what nickname?
"hub of the North"
Are Rex Wilson and Scott Treleaven both artists who have made use of the film medium?
yes
Who wrote the British television sitcom with seven series being broadcast between 1981 to 1991, 16 sporadic Christmas specials, and a 'Comic Relief special', recorded as part of the 1997 appeal which features the final appearance of Uncle Albert?
John Sullivan
What team formed by three times Formula One champion Jackie Stewart and his son Paul Stewart in 1996 used The Stewart SF01 in the 1997 Formula One season?
Stewart Grand Prix
Santuario Alta Vista is a certain area located in one of how many Mexican states?
31 states
Are both John Grierson and A. Edward Sutherland from the United Kingdom?
yes
Bill Harry is the creator of the publication that was founded in what city?
Liverpool
What band was formed in Seattle, Washington and sang a song written by Chris Cornell?
Temple of the Dog
In what country is the grading system based on a 1/4 point scale and has five letter grades?
the United States
The Hudson Independent is a monthly newspaper that serves what village in the town of Greenburgh that had a population of 11,277 at the 2010 census?
Tarrytown
Death of a Soldier, released in which year, an Australian film based on the life of Eddie Leonski, an American soldier and serial killer responsible for the strangling murders of three women in Melbourne, Australia?
1986
Bangles  is the eponymous first EP by this American Pop rock band form in what year?
1981
Who claimed responsibility for the hotel attack that killed Carsten Thomassen?
the Taliban
Bone carving was used in the casket now on display in what institution?
British Museum
Lou Reed and Jack Russell, are of which nationality?
American
Nicholas Piantedosi is a record producer from what county?
Hillsborough County
The television series in which Steve Bannos portrayed Frank Kowchevski was cancelled after how many episodes had aired?
12
Where is the Folger Shakespeare Library?
Capitol Hill
Which American film director was also a choreographer, Bob Fosse or Joseph Ruben?
Robert Louis Fosse
Which of the writer for which Joseph Maher took a role of their character died on 9 August 1967?
Joe Orton
John Gunther and Halldór Laxness, are American?
no
What do Giorgio Simonelli and Lawrence Kasdan have in common?
director
What former Governor Of New York helped found the American Bison Society?
Theodore Roosevelt
Eight Misbehavin' features the immigrant proprietor of Kwik-E-Mart, who is of what nationality?
Indian
Efrem Zimbalist Jr., was an American actor known for his starring roles in the television series "77 Sunset Strip" and "The F.B.I.", he is also known as the voice behind which fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, most commonly in association with the superhero Batman?
Alfred Pennyworth
Which band was formed first Relient K or The Primitives?
The Primitives
Love Drunk is the second studio album recorded by rock/pop band Boys Like Girls, which song featuring Taylor Swift, from their second studio album "Love Drunk" in 2009?
Two Is Better Than One
Which nephew of Wade Watts also played professional football in the Canadian Football League?
Julius Caesar "J. C." Watts Jr.
Who was the director of the film in which Rhys Wakefield played Thomas Mollison?
Elissa Down
What Canadian film producer co-founded CrowdRise?
Shauna Robertson
What American actress born in 1912 did the violin master known for his sweet tone and gemütlich style compose a work for?
Marta Eggerth
Stephen Campbell Moore is best known for his roles in "The History Boys," a play created by a playwright born in what year?
1934
What does Arnaud Ghislan and 400 metres have in common?
track
Who has more Academy Award nominations, Whit Stillman or Janusz Nasfeter?
John Whitney "Whit" Stillman
Who starred in the 2016 comedy film co-written by an American actor who was a cast member of MADtv and starred in Suicide Squad?
Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson
Where was the group that released the song "What Would You Say" formed ?
Charlottesville, Virginia
Wheatley Hills Golf Club is located in what county?
Nassau County
What was the budget for the 2012 animated film that Oliver Jones worked on?
$60 million
Which director began making movies earlier, Richard Linklater or Arthur B. Woods?
Arthur Bickerstaffe Woods
What is the population as per 2010 send us of the village where Denton homestead is located?
9,818
League of Gods stars a Hong Kong film actor who founded One Cool Film Production Limited in what year?
2013
Are Cão Fila de São Miguel and Griffon Nivernais from the same country?
yes
Do the band Texas and the singer Eagle-Eye Cherry both originate in Sweden?
no
What nationality was the coach who trained the 15th overall 1996 NHL Entry Draft pick from?
Ukrainian
Vienna Blood is a German film that took in 7 million of which German currency, used between 1924-48?
Reichsmark
Joey Gathright was an outfielder for which AL Central team?
Kansas City Royals
Bowling has been part of the pan american games since the games held in which city ?
Havana, Cuba
What is the nationality of the star of "The Look of Love"?
English
How many times has the man who led the league in assists in the 2011-2012 NBA season been an NBA All-star so far?
four-time
Which filmmaker would be more likely to produce work with drawings rather than real actors, Jan Švankmajer or Lambert Hillyer
Jan Švankmajer
How long did the War of the Roses last where Henry Beaufort was an important Lancastrian military commander?
between 1455 and 1487
What president was assassinated in an explosion on August 1981, and was succeeded by a man elected as the new Supreme Leader by the Assembly of Experts on 4 June 1989 at the age of 49?
President Mohammad-Ali Rajai
What is the birthdate of this American director, screenwriter, and producer, who reunited with Tom Cross on the romantic comedy "La La Land"?
January 19, 1985
What year was the actor born who portrayed the character that was a small-time pot dealer in We're the Millers?
1975
Are Murray Grigor and Leslie H. Martinson both Scottish directors?
no
Who directed more films, Marguerite Duras or Arthur Rosson?
Arthur Rosson
Who created the crime drama television series which features a character named Salvatore "Big Pussy" Bonpensiero?
David Chase
Which fire killed up to 300 people and its wind may had caused another fire called The Great Michigan Fire?
The Great Chicago Fire
Where did the 2013 American independent coming-of-age comedy-drama film starring the actor who played Ron Swanson in "Parks and Recreation" premier?
2013 Sundance Film Festival
The site of Lismore Abbey is now occupied by a castle that was rebuilt in the nineteenth century by whom?
William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire
Dylan Dresdow has mixed songs for which American rapper known in the west coast hip-hop scene?
Jayceon Terrell Taylor
What town in located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire and has a district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002?
Deerfield
When was the James Ambrose Gallivan graduated from a public "exam school" in Boston, Massachusetts?
1884
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963 led the Conservative Government of the United Kingdom with which other person?
Sir Alec Douglas-Home
What was Eloise and why was the Eloise Cemetery named after it?
Eloise Cemetery was the name applied to cemeteries used by the Eloise hospital complex
What hurricane was deadly and destructive, came ashore Louisiana in 2012, and caused severe flooding in Florida?
Hurricane Isaac
In what year did the free Baltimore daily paper launch that is owned by the same man who puts out an American political journalism website and weekly magazine based in Washington, D.C.?
2006
The American film, television and stage actor John Magaro appeared in which film directed by Todd Haynes alongside with Rooney Mara?
Carol
The Tata Cliffrider was first introduced at which auto show in 2006?
The International Geneva Motor Show
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker and Super Mario are both video games created by what company?
Nintendo
What 4 time Golden Globe winner stars in the film Holes?
Jon Voight
Acting Sheriff is an unsold, half-hour television pilot created by Walt Disney Television for television network CBS that aired across the United States on Saturday, August 17, 1991, in Walt Disney Television season number 35, the 30-minute comedy drama featured Robert Goulet as B movie actor Brent McCord, Goulet was an American singer and actor of French-Canadian ancestry, born and raised in Lawrence, in which state?
Massachusetts
The Wild Wild West Gambling Hall & Hotel is operated by the company based in what Las Vegas suburb?
Summerlin
When did the Edge's wife found Arcane Collective?
2011
Which  international border is San Ysidro Port of Entry at  
The Mexico–United States border
What is the name of the body double for the character in the television adaptation of George R. R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" series played by Emilia Clarke?
Rosie Mac
What s an American news cable and satellite television network that provides news coverage and political commentary from NBC News on current events, who has a commentator that is the author of the Barack Obama books "Renegade: The Making of a President"  and "Revival ?
MSNBC
What team does this American Football Quarterback play for, who was born in 1986 and tied with David Neill for the most touchdown passes in a season?
Washington Redskins
What bands original members consisted of vocalist Tom Meighan, guitarist and vocalist Sergio Pizzorno, guitarist Chris Karloff, and bassist Chris Edwards, Birdland or Kasabian?
Kasabian
What do you call a pore, found in the epidermis of leaves, stems, and other organs, that facilitates gas exchange, is part of the soil-plant-atmosphere continuum (SPAC),  the name of the pathway for water moving from soil through plants to the atmosphere
stoma
Which board game has origins among the Maya people of the Guatemalan highlands, Abalone or Bul?
Bul
What is the capital of the northern state whose last gubernatorial elections that took place during an election year in 1964?
Boston
In which newspaper was the short story published, of which the film Maniac is a loose adaptation ?
The Saturday Evening Post
When was the county that  Manana Island is in founded?
1760
Which players' team, Seth or Stephen Curry, is closer to New Orleans?
Seth Adham Curry
Heatstroke stars an actress who has written how many non-fiction books?
five
Peter Ivers was a member of the revolutionary organization involved in what uprising against British rule?
The Irish Rebellion of 1798
Christopher Nelson is an American makeup artist, VFX artist, writer and actor, he's best known for his makeup and stylings for films such as World War Z, a 2013 American action horror film, directed by who?
Marc Forster
Consider the male judge of Deutschland sucht den Superstar who left after season 9. In what year was he born?
1957
Robert Collier, 2nd Baron Monkswell was briefly Under-Secretary of State for War under a man who was known by the courtesy title of?
Lord Dalmeny
Rocktaves is a semi-professional rock festival organised in which country at the university level, bands like Parikrama, have risen to fame after winning Rocktaves?
India
Who was born first, Brad Silberling or Eldar Ryazanov?
Eldar Alexandrovich Ryazanov
What is the primary flavoring of the Kendal originated confection made by the Quiggin's company?
peppermint
Which band 3 Doors Down or Throwing Muses was formed first ?
Throwing Muses
What is the nickname for the racetrack that hosted the 2011 Lenox Industrial Tools 301 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series motor race?
"The Magic Mile"
For which band is American musician Warren Klein who studied Indian classical music as an art music tradition and was accepted as a disciple of Ravi Shankar, best known?
The Stooges
John Kenley, was an American theatrical producer who pioneered the use of television stars in summer stock productions, his Kenley Players company was described by Variety as "the largest network of theaters on the straw-hat circuit.", it was an Equity summer stock theatre company which presented hundreds of productions featuring Broadway, film, and television stars in Midwestern cities between 1940 and which year?
1996
Vampire is a 24 issue series, created by writer J. M. DeMatteis, that appeared in American comic book "House of Mystery" between 1981 and 1983, House of Mystery is the name of several horror, fantasy, and mystery anthology comic book magazine series published by ?
DC Comics
John Clay Walker was murdered by members of the Guadalajara Cartel under orders of their leader that was born in what year?
1952
In what year did the singer of The Fact Is have her debut?
2000
What bill president Clinton sign at the school mentioned in his wife’s book about childhood influences?
Goals 2000
The Best: Make the Music Go Bang! album included liner notes by an American skateboard legend most prominently known as a pioneer of what?
vertical skateboarding
Who murdered 12 year old Tina Marie Harmon in 1981 and was convicted in 2010 because of DNA evidence from her rape matching this individual and whom also murdered 11 year old Krista Lea Harrison and was convicted of her murder on July 17, 1982?
Robert Anthony Buell
Who was the director of the movie that Dug's Special Mission is included with on DVD?
Pete Docter
When was the player born who the Colts first drafted in 1953?
March 22, 1931
Which "Eden" star was born on April 10, 1983 ?
Jamie Chung
Who co-founded Linkin Park in 1996 and is the band's rhythm guitarist, Mike Shinoda or Julien-K?
Michael Kenji Shinoda
Which professional snooker and pool player is based at Legends Snooker Academy in Leytonstone, England and won an award in the 2012/2013 snooker season?
Ronnie O'Sullivan
where are the killers from
Canadian serial killer
Who was teh lead vocalist of the band featured in Is This Music magazine's most famous interview?
Alex Kapranos
Where was the current head football coach forThe University of Central Florida previously employed?
the University of Oregon.
Graham Bonnet and John Corabi, have which mutual occupation?
rock singer
Who is from farther west, Makethisrelate or Saosin?
Saosin
Which are more widely cultivated, Persea or Rhodohypoxis?
Persea
Adrian Sutil scored this F1 teams only point ?
The Spyker F1 Team
What year was the basketball league in which TTÜ Korvpalliklubi participates internationally founded?
2004
John Belushi met Dan Aykroyd while working at what Comedy club best known as the first ever on-going improvisational theater troupe based in Chicago.
The Second City
Man Overboard! is written in the MacGuffin style which uses what?
plot device
Where was the author of the 2011 novel born?
Los Angeles, California
What was the population of the suburb in which Port Melbourne railway station is located as of the 2011 Census?
14,521
Robert De Niro starred in Stone with what actress that was the reignig queen of kick-butt?
Milica Bogdanovna Jovovich
Sean Rodriguez played for which team that is a part of the AL East?
Tampa Bay Rays
The 2010 FA Community Shield had a goal by the right wing player who is of which nationality?
Ecuadorian
What award did Deepika Pedukone win for the film where Kirron Kher had a supporting role?
Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut
State Road 922 (SR 922) is a 5.548 mi east–west road built in 1951, passing through the cities of North Miami, Bay Harbor Islands, and Bal Harbour, Florida, with stores lining much of the route, including the Bal Harbour Shops, is an upscale, open-air shopping mall in Bal Harbour, a wealthy suburb of Miami Beach, Florida, known internationally for its luxury retail, and is owned by which family?
Whitman
Stromberg v. California and Escobedo v. Illinois are both court cases that appeared before what judicial court?
United States Supreme Court
Which entertainer has the highest skill  Dig or  PJ Harvey
PJ Harvey
The 2009 Coca-Cola 600 was the which number stock car race, of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and the fiftieth iteration of the event, Stock car racing is a form of automobile racing found mainly and most prominently in the United States and Canada, with Australia, New Zealand and Brazil also having forms?
twelfth
What traditional region is Landegode Lighthouse located in?
Salten
What kind of royalty does Hussa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi and Fahd of Saudi Arabia have in common?
King
CYRCLE is a two-man collective made up of, American artists David Leavitt (Davey Detail) and David Torres (Rabi), born out of Los Angeles, California in 2010, their works can be seen all over the world and are in public and private collections including that of which hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, and the largest single hotel in the United States with 5,124 rooms? 
MGM Grand Las Vegas
The Louis DeSaussure House was used to house Navy officers during which 1939 to 1945 war?
World War II
The character Ben Whishaw played is the head of what kind of division of the British Secret Service?
research and development
What is the abbreviation for the movie which starred Saif Ali Khan in 2003?
KHNH
Are 1221 Avenue of the Americas and 590 Madison Avenue located in the same city?
yes
What instrument did Shannon Leto play in his band Thirty Seconds to Mars?
drums, percussion
The Lady in the Van was written by a British playwright who atennded what university?
Oxford University
Benson Records housed the label that released work by which Christian music singer known as "The Voice"?
Sandra Faye "Sandi" Patty
Who owned and then sold in 1563 William Shakespeare's final place of residence, New Place?
William Clopton
 Rangiroa Airport is an airport on the island of Rangiroa and has regular daily flights by a French airline company whose principal base is where?
Faa'a International Airport
Shannon Flynn worked with which actress while directing Instant Mom?
Tia Mowry-Hardrict
What is the park called that sits on the grounds of former hospital known as "The Psych Center"?
Nissequogue River State Park
Aristomachus and Crotone were part of what ethnic culture?
Greek
What singer's signature song is "At Last", also covered by Tina Moore?
Etta James
Which was built first, 55 Hudson Yards or New York World Building?
"The New York World" Building
Do both Holcus and Limonium belong to the same taxonomic category?
yes
The composer of the opera "The Zoo" has composed how many major orchestral works?
13
Which Sun Belt Conference college team did New Orleans Saints place kicker, Wil Lutz play for?
Georgia State Panthers football
Which British-French crime drama television series does Jamie de Courcey appear in?
The Tunnel
To which city in Collier County, Florida with a population of about 16,000 as of 2010 is the full-time satellite station WMKO-FM 91.7 of the NPR-member radio station WGCU-FM (90.1 FM) licensed?
Marco Island
What ballerina danced at a cinema currently operated by Cineworld on the north side of Leicester Square?
Phyllis Bedells
Who reached a higher ranking in their career, Hsieh Su-wei or Elena Bovina?
Elena Olegovna Bovina
What is the principal base of the airline that has regular daily flights connecting Rangiroa to other islands of French Polynesia ?
Faa'a International Airport
Who is one of Duro Olowu's notable clients that was born on August 29, 1921?
Iris Apfel
Who hosted the 90th Academy Awards Ceremony born James Christian Kimmel?
Jimmy Kimmel
The Age of Innocence starred the English actor who was born and raised in what city?
London
what award was the Adaption based novel of Julie Ganapathi nominated for in 1988
novel
Which virus that causes respiratory problems and is being studied in laboratories in big cities around the globe was discovered by a former President of the Chinese Medical Association?
SARS coronavirus
During which years was the British statesman, for which Knox Cunningham was Parliamentary Private Secretary, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
1957 to 1963
Which television channel aired an original Christmas movie that starred a five-time Emmy Award nominee?
Hallmark Channel
What type of human communication does Papeeha and Hindi have in common?
language
What 9,500 seat arena is located in the largest urban agglomeration in Nevada?
The Orleans Arena
Draper Associates is known for investments in companies, including what health technology company based in Palo Alto, California?
Theranos
Sentimiento Latino is an album of songs by a man that received the "Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Sun of Peru" in what year?
2007
When was the visual artist which Fred W. Weber provided advise for born
July 12, 1917
Douglas Adams and P. G. Wodehouse, are of which nationality?
English
Jill Jones is a poet and writer from Sydney, Australia, she is a senior lecturer at which public university located in Adelaide, South Australia, established in 1874?
University of Adelaide
Who is the Soviet and Russian actress that is most famous for her role in "The Diamond Arm"?
Svetlana Svetlichnaya
What American Class I railroad that ran from Saint Paul, Minnesota, to Seattle, Washington, was formerly where Tionesta is today?
The Great Northern Railway
What character in the Little Mermaid appears in Disney Princess: Magical Jewels?
Ariel
Which company is headquartered in Dublin that is also the second-largest off-price retailer in the USA?
Ross Stores
The Campbell and Kelly Building is located in what Nevada county?
Nye County
What do George Orwell and Jane Smiley have in common?
novelist
What is the nationality of the actor who played the villainous James Stenbeck on "As the World Turns?"
American
Of the two American musicians Janet Gardner and Myles Kennedy, who is older?
Janet Patricia Gardner
What actor portrayed David Dunn in the American superhero thriller film "Unbreakable"?
Bruce Willis
Who was the leader of the secret police of Nazi Germany?
Eugen Schwitzgebel
Liza Campbell, the daughter of Hugh Campbell, was born at a castle set in what parish of Scotland?
Nairnshire
J. Todd Anderson served as Second Unit Director for Joel David Coen and his brother, named?
Ethan Jesse Coen
What was the official capacity of the 1964 Summer Olympics stadium at which the Sanistand appeared?
57,363
Heidi Newfield and Tim Rushlow, have which nationality?
American
Who has released more albums The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus or Ian Brown?
Ian George Brown
How is Michael Coutts-Trotter related to this Australian politician who is the deputy leader of the Labor Party since 2013
married
Which part of Argentine's national territory is an ice-covered mountainous island off the coast of Antarctica?
Argentine Antarctica
Are David Zennie and Norman McLaren both animators?
no
Which socialist political party in Denmark became the biggest youth party political organisation in 2008?
Socialist People's Party
Who defeated James G. Blunt at the civil bar battle that was fought near the present-day town of Baxter Springs, Kansas?
Quantrill's Raiders
Are Man or Astro-man? and Wintersleep both rock bands?
yes
Are Stuart Murdoch and Lee Sung-min both singers?
yes
The American security consultant whom Aaron Tveit portrayed on stage did what after serving time in prison?
work for the federal government
Who was the director of the 1997 U.S. supernatural psychological horror film in which the actor, who played the role of The Shredder in 1990 film "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", appeared?
Taylor Hackford
Who one of the 24 people who have flown to the Moon., and said a popular but erroneous quote from the radio communications between the Apollo 13 astronaut and the NASA Mission Control Center ?
John Leonard "Jack" Swigert Jr.
The company that produced Dimension Shampoo was founded in what year?
1885
Pet Circle, founded in Alexandria, New South Wales, is located near what city's business district?
City of Sydney
"Weak Become Heroes" is a single from an album by which English rapper?
Mike Skinner
Which Cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Portsmouth, Portsmouth Cathedral or Ely Cathedral?
Portsmouth Cathedral
Kochi 5s was led by a footballer born in which year ?
1975
Which artist is from Canada, Michael Snow or Wayne Wang?
Michael Snow
Which American university was established first, Ohio State University or Williams College?
Williams College
the Vancouver Expedition was led by a captain born in which year ?
1757
What is the another name for the singer of Standing Hampton?
The Red Rocker
Know for having the first Harvard course available online, what book about political philosophy did this professor write?  
Liberalism and the Limits of Justice
Breakfast of Champions is the seventh novel by an author that died in this year?
2007
Sole Survivor is a "CBS Friday Night Movie" that follows the fate of the 6-man crew of a medium bomber manufactured by who ?
North American Aviation
The music to the film "Saajan Bina Suhagan" was written by a woman that received a Filmfare Aware for composing songs for what film?
Souten
Angel Cejudo is an American freestyle wrestler who won the Dave Schultz Memorial International freestyle wrestling tournament, on which date?
February 5, 2008
In what year was the actress who was Guido Kaczka's wife until their seperation in 2010 born?
1983
The fictional deity Sigmar Heldenhammer is the patron deity of this faction whose cultures are based on what real-world empire?
Holy Roman Empire
Emil Lewis Holmdahl fought under which Mexican Revolutionary general?
Francisco "Pancho" Villa
What is the real name of the actor who starred in State Property and was born on March 6, 1974?
Dwight Equan Grant
Which Premier League team does the Nike Hypervenom-wearing, Belgian footballer play for?
Manchester United
What was the name of the TV series that one of the Hunley movie actors won an Emmy for?
Gotti
Repli-Kate stars an actor who played Noah Levenstein in what films?
"American Pie"
What actor appeared in both "My Brother Cicero" and "My Big Fat Greek Wedding"?
Louis Mandylor
Are Cynara and Piptanthus both flowering plants?
no
What did Dennis Dugan and Steve Ihnat have in common?
actor and director
In what year did Langfang have a population of 4,358,839 people while Yichun, Heilongjiang have a population of 1,148,126 people?
2010
What singer performed as part of the duo Jenny & Johnny and stars in Troop Beverly Hills?
Jenny Lewis
Cassidy Freeman has a role in which modern Western television series?
Longmire
When was the ESPN analyst born who was was involved in an incident in 2003, in which a drunk Namath asked her to kiss him?
May 14, 1964
When was the actress that play Julia in Uncovered born?
26 July 1973
Where is the Peppers Manor House and the New South Wales State Heritage Register located?
Australia
Was Summit or Crosstrack created in the 20th century, involve strategy, and was created by Milton Bradley?
Summit
Which magazine was founded first, The General or XXL?
The General
Are Delmer Daves and Whit Stillman both directors?
yes
Which singer did not participate in the song "We Are the World" for Africa in 1985 but instead donated "4 the Tears in Your Eyes"?
Prince
Jaspal Rana was a gold medalist at a 1994 event held in what country?
Japan
Were both the Foals and Escanaba Firing Line formed in 2002?
no
Hurricane Arthur was the first hurricane to make landfall in the US since a 2012 storm that hit what state?
Louisiana
What town was evacuated in 1940-1941 and take over by the U.S. Government to create Weldon Spring Ordnance Works, a 17323 acre facility?
Hamburg
How many people died in the downing of the flight investigated by Eliot Higgins, the British citizen journalist and blogger?
283 passengers and 15 crew
In which year did this hotel and casino, located nearer to Gold Mountain Casino than any other casinos, open?
2004
Which English Coast Line is served by both Corkickle railway station and Whitehaven railway station?
Cumbrian Coast Line
Christopher Newport University and Minnesota State University, Mankato are both what type of colleges?
public
What do Ian Brown and Dave Wakeling have in common?
musician
Antifaschistisches Infoblatt cooperates with similar publications in other countries including one founded in 1975 by who?
Gerry Gable
Are Velvetpark and Womankind women's websites?
yes
What is the nickname of Daulis Prescott's brother?
"The Khanqueror".
The luxury watch company Longines is currently owned by a company founded by who?
Nicolas Hayek
When did the highly experimental musical style on the album Quixotic originate?
the early 1990s
what is the name of the second album of the band that sang Ijime, Dame, Zettai" ?
Metal Resistance
In what 700 B.C. culture saaw the annexation of modern-day Greece by yhe Persian Empire?
The ancient Greek drama
what does Helma Sanders-Brahms and Andrew Lau have in common?
director
What American novelist, memoirist, and essayist on literary and social topics, reviewed the book The Sexual Life of Catherine M.?
Edmund White
Which NFL football team did Matt MIller play 4 seasons with and Bill Cowher serve as assistant coach under Marty Schottenheimer?
Cleveland Browns
Río de Sangre was originally recorded for Albany Records in what year?
2010
Which castle that sits besides Loch Ness is associated with Robert Lauder of Quarrelwood?
Urquhart Castle
During the 2002–03 Olympique de Marseille season, this player was the most praised player, helping out with scoring important goals, who was nicknamed what?
Big Dan
In 37th overall episode of what series developed by Bruno Heller ,did Gordon and Bullock investigate a pair of clues in a museum?
Gotham
What award did an actress from  the 1995 movie Mortal Kombat win as a teenager in 1990?
Miss Teen USA
Which simian like creature from American folklore was featured in television series In Search of Aliens?
Bigfoot
Which director is Japanese, Tony Scott or Takashi Shimizu?
Takashi Shimizu
In what year was the managing company of The Churchill Arms founded?
1845
The actress that played Selena in "28 Days Later", was also featured on a British tv series created by Jimmy McGovern that airs on what network?
BBC One
What publishing house published the work of a journalist and broadcaster in the 1950s?
Clarendon Press
What city is 11 miles north of the birthplace of actor Toby Sawyer?
Manchester
Bonnie Bo (also can be read as Bonnie Bai; traditional Chinese: 柏邦妮; simplified Chinese: 柏邦妮; form name: 张珊珊) was born on 1982, she's an author and screenwriter, she interviewed Maggie Cheung, born Maggie Cheung Man-yuk  is a Hong Kong actress, born on ?
20 September 1964
What is the name of the book written by John C. Edmunds published in 2003 by the major publisher owned by Pearson PLC?
"Brave New Wealthy World"
What British historian wrote about Sonnet 154?
A. L. Rowse
What USBL Basketball player's name means "Special blessing"?
Manute Bol
Who was the director of the 2009 British thriller film starring the actor who is best known for playing Robert Crawley in "Downtown Abbey"?
Anthony Hickox
which Northern Irish broadcaster was part of the anchor of  Loose Women    
Christine Louise Lampard
Majorca Ratter and The Broholmer are both breeds of what kind of animal?
breed of dog
What geography do both Paolo Nespoli and Soyuz TMA-20 have in common?
International Space Station
Canberra Outlet Centre is a type of which manufacturer-branded store that sells stock directly to customers?
outlet store
Where is the 1982-1993 show which is written by the same screenwriter that created George and Leo set? 
Boston
Where did the tour for Ariana Grande's album originally titled "Moonlight" conclude?
Hong Kong.
what year was the singer of Pattern of My life born ?
1954
Leoš Janáček and Sergei Prokofiev are both what?
composer
Shin Hye-sun played her first protagonist role in a tv series that airs on what network?
KBS2
That is the nationality of Nine Inch Nails' founder?
American
Where is the clothing company owned by Billabong that is offered on a South African e-commerce web site that offers local and International products to over 1 million active members based out of?
Costa Mesa, California
What record was taken from Makes Me Wonder by an American Idol winner 2002?
biggest jump to number-one in the history
Is Crown Castle International Corp. or The Mosaic Company based further north?
The Mosaic Company
Are The Zorlu Center and Bayezid II Mosque in different cities?
no
Sunny Pawar had a role in the film written by whom from 2016?
Luke Davies
What year did american guitarist Darrel Lance Abbott form the band Damageplan?
2003
Who has more scope of profession, Aldous Huxley or Raymond Carver?
Aldous Leonard Huxley
When was the governor who appointed Lana Gordon first elected governor?
2010
What country did Prince Christoph of Hesse die in?
Italy
Mercer House was the scene of the shooting death of the assistant of this person who was tried four times for the same crime in which state?
Georgia
Andranik Eskandarian and Ken Davitian, share which nationality?
American
What shows work is the stand-up comedian he played St. Geegland in the Kroll Show best known for?
Saturday Night Live
The metro station Duomo was designed by an Italian architect born in what year?
1944
How Are You Bread stars a singer who is the leader of which boy group?
EXO
The daughter of former Congressman Pat Williams co-established an American nonprofit organization that provides development grants in what country? 
Democratic Republic of Congo
The IAe.31 "Colibrí" was developed as an initiative under a politician who was overthrown in a what?
coup d'état
Which genus contains more species: Fallopia, or Nicandra?
Fallopia
What is the name of the New South Wales surfing destination, the Schooner Ada and Ethel wrecked off the coast of, in 1887?
Seal Rocks
Margaret Mary Ray stalked an American physician and retired NASA astronaut who is a public speaker and consultant to Disney's IMagineering group, and who else?
Applied Minds
In what year did the water park that Surfrider is part of rank first in Australia?
2009
What English actor and dancer also acted in Captain America: Civil War in 2016?
Tom Holland
What is the name of the county that Joseph Weeks moved to in order to follow agricultural pursuits?
Cheshire County
Shilpa Architects has designs that can be seen at what largest artists' commune in India?
Cholamandal Artists' Village
School of Resina was located in the town of Herculaneum in which country?
Italy
Danish ice hockey coach, Olaf Eller, is the father of Danish professional ice hockey player who was drafted by what team in the first round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft?
St. Louis Blues
What is the name of this retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was the defending champion of the 2004 Siebel Open - Singles?
Andre Agassi
Jill Sobule and Love Battery, are groups of which nationality?
American
What kind of alcoholic drink does Stinger and Lynchburg Lemonade have in common?
cocktail
Which vessel of the British Cunard Line was the subject of a Philip Plisson photo collection? 
Queen Mary 2
What job do both Herbert Selpin and Liliana Cavani have?
film director and screenwriter
Who directed the film which won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing in 2006?
Paul Greengrass
Which work mad by Nicola Scott is a founding member of the Justice League, goddess, and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people?
Wonder Woman
The video game which features MGK's "Invincible" takes place in a fictionalized version of which city?
Chicago, Illinois
The first episode of the television series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" was written by what creator who also won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay? for writing "The Social Network"?
Aaron Sorkin
Which American composer and singer-songwriter who is one of the most successful female songwriters of the latter half of the 20th century in the USA is Jodie Marie's 2012 debut album "Mountain Echo" is said to resemble?
Carole King
A German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team shot a winning goal in the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final that was attributed to his years of practicing with Footbonaut, who described this football player as "one of the best talents Germany has ever had." In 2010?
Matthias Sammer
Which singer-songwriter is known as Mr. Biggs, Joe Elliott or Ronald Isley?
Ronald Isley
Do both Rick Ray and Sally Field work as an actor/actress?
no
What number album of release was released in August 2007 by a band with the lineup of John Tardy, lead guitarist Kenny Andrews, rhythm guitarist Trevor Peres, bassist Terry Butler, and drummer Donald Tardy?
seventh
Len Wiseman and Ken Kwapis, are Americans, that have which occupation?
film director
Gary Groth is editor in chief of an American magazine of news and criticism pertaining to comic books, comic strips and graphic novels, as well as co-founder of what?
Fantagraphics Books
Adam Neumann, is an Israeli self made billionaire founder, of which American company?
WeWork
Is the University of Massachusetts Amherst and the University of Cádiz located on the same continent?
no
Hall's Croft is a building in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England, which was owned by the oldest child of William Shakespeare', and Anne Hathaway, her name?
Susanna Hall
The character that Adria Arjona plays in "Emerald City" was created by which author?
L. Frank Baum
What is the name of the football club based near Soton and rivals with Fawley?
Blackfield & Langley Football Club
 Which game, Löwenherz or Sentinels of the Multiverse, was created first?
Löwenherz
Cupcakes Taste Like Violence is the second EP by American singer, songwriter, Jeffree Star, an American singer-songwriter, make-up artist, fashion designer and model from Orange County, in which US state?
California
Who achieved national recognition when she won the third series of "The X Factor" in 2006, and released her second studio album "Echo" in 2009?
Leona Louise Lewis
Esmée Denters, the Dutch singer, covered songs by many artists and became one of the first music artists to exceed how many views on Youtube?
100 million views
What is the zip code that includes the metropolitan area of Jacksonville, Florida?
32073
The Big Moo includes an essay by the co-owner and chairman of what television station?
AXS TV
What is the maximum capacity at a Wichita Force game?
15,004-seat
When did the character who was originally a villain but later became an antihero first appeared in a comic book?
July 1967
Jasmin Raskin represents which Maryland's 8th congressional district which is located towards which border?
Pennsylvania border
When was the school that George E. McCarthy taught at founded?
1824
Which Australian Model co-hosted the 1998 MTV EMAs alongside with Ed Sheeran?
Ruby Rose
In which town in Scotland can the New Slains Castle and Old Slains Castle be found? 
Aberdeenshire
who is the independent game developer from Alpharetta, Georgia?
Hi-Rez Studios
Are both Valley International Airport and Westerly State Airport airports?
yes
What was the population of the village and civil parish in 2011 where South Humber Bank Power Station is located?
1,234
What type of design was the designer who, together with Robert Slimbach, designed the Myriad typeface best known for?
type design
What is a sport, other than football, played in a club that Oscar Jørgensen was a midfielder for?
cricket
Which bolt-action, magazine-fed, repeating rifle is the Charlton Automatic Rifle a fully automatic conversion of?
Lee–Enfield
The titular star of the third spinoff of Pawn Stars formed what hard rock band?
Count's 77
What is the average weekly attendance at the church founded by the author of The Purpose Driven Life ?
over 20,000
What band has a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award  winner featured on its album?
Babybird
In what year was the spy captured in the same five year period as Julius and Thel Rosenberg born?
1911
Edward Laumann studied under which sociologist born in 1902?
Talcott Parsons
Which German-speaking Swiss writer inspired Burkhard Stangl to create the famed "schnee" duet?
Robert Walser
What professional art school did the brother of Walt Disney guide the merger of the Chouinard Art Institute and the Los Angeles Conservatory of Music to establish the California Institute of the Arts?
Chouinard Art Institute
Which genus has more species, Eccremocarpus or Pittosporum?
Pittosporum
Who has written for more films, Colin Campbell or John Gilbert?
Colin Campbell
Ellis Island, the gateway for over 12 million immigrants to the United States as the nation's busiest immigrant inspection station and where social worker Ludmila Foxlee was employed from 1920 to 1937, was made part of which National Monument in 1965?
Statue of Liberty
What does the film dramatizes for which Yoshiro Muraki was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for his work?
Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor
What countries were ruled by the same person whose illiegitimate son became Duke of Richmond?
England, Scotland and Ireland
Which 1999 movie, directed by Joe Johnston, is based onthe memoirs of a veitnam veteran and formaer NASA engineer?
October Sky
What was the birth name of the lyric writer for the 1941 Bollywood film Jhoola?
Ramchandra Narayanji Dwivedi
Azfar Hussain (Bengali: আজফার হোসেন ) is a Bangladeshi theorist, critic, academic, bilingual writer, poet, translator, and activist, Bengali, is also known by its endonym Bangla, it's the national, and official language of which country?
People's Republic of Bangladesh
Who was the first woman to receive a license from the NHRA and also to race at a Speedway that was home to the President's Cup Nationals? 
Shirley Muldowney
Which court case came first, United States v. Jones or Marsh v. Chambers?
Marsh v. Chambers
Which city was formerly of Shazhou County, Gao'an or Zhangjiagang?
Zhangjiagang
When  was the Soviet nuclear physicist died after who's name The SS "Fizik Kurchatov" was named?
7 February 1960
Who was the most important player of a Dutch professional football club that Bozidar Sencar played 3 years in before his retirement?
Antoon 'Rat' Verlegh
Which documentary is French, Iraq in Fragments or Beyond Hatred?
Beyond Hatred
Sean Meadows formed what genre of band in 1994?
rock
The David Bowie bootleg "Zion" was recorded during Bowie's this album sessions that Bowie wrote after his breakthrough The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from what?
Mars
The city in which Calisto da Costa trained prior to his participation in the Sydney Olympic Games lies on which sea?
Timor Sea
Who was the director of the film for which Caroline Champetier won the César Award for Best Cinematography?
Xavier Beauvois
What actress plays Suren on Being Human and Katya Kinski on Neighbours?
Dichen Lachman
Who is the president of the airline Hana Hou! is published for?
Mark Dunkerley
Are Andrew Stockdale and Sully Erna both vocalists?
yes
This longtime collaborator of director Craig R. Baxley wrote the musical scote for Under Seige, the American action-thriller that Strven Seagal received sound production nominations for this award?
Academy Award
Which independent, computer animated film featuring anthropomorphic animals was created by Amadhia Albee?
Kaze, Ghost Warrior
Finding Dory features the voice of an actress from "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" who plays what character on that show?
Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds
Who was  the last emperor or last "Son of Heaven" of China?
Puyi
The Siege of Klis was fought as part of what wars between the Ottoman Empire and the Habsburg?
The Ottoman–Habsburg wars
Which large terrestrial carnivoran can be found in the Mantaritza Biosphere Reserve?
brown bear
Who did the current manager of Milan replace as caretaker during the 2010–11 A.S. Roma season?
Claudio Ranieri
The athlete that defeated Martina Hingis in the The 1999 Italian Open current holds what WTA singles rating?
No. 5
Which American worldwide automotive industry components and parts supplier had a division that manufactured the Norge brand of appliances?
BorgWarner
What mountain in the Cardigan Pluton lies in the towns of Orange and Alexandria New Hampshire?
Mount Cardigan
Who founded teh branch of Protestantism practiced in the Nydeggkirche?
Huldrych Zwingli
Crime and Dissonance is an album of a compilation of score work from this Italian composer who has composed over 500 scores for cinema and television?
Ennio Morricone
When was the father of Sarah Coburn born?
March 14, 1948
What is the name of this American actress and comedian, who appeared in film, television, and theatre, and who starred in The Golden Girls as Sophia?
Estelle Getty
Who directed a transportation themed comdey film staring Steve Martin?
John Hughes
Which city with population of 187,353 did  EV3 The Pilgrims Route run from 
Trondheim
The Crocoduck was imagined by what New Zealand-born American minister?
Ray Comfort
Sonny is a 2002 American crime-drama film starring an American actor, musician and what?
singer
What company owns a hydroelectric, concrete gravity dam; located on the Columbia River, between the Yakima Firing Range and a mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex operated by the United States federal government on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington?
Grant County Public Utility District
What city does Artūras Gudaitis playi n?
Milan, Italy
Which building, completed in 1888 in the little village of Ro, replaced a building in the architectural style of medieval Europe characterized by semi-circular arches?
Rø Church
Uralla-Walcha was a former electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, created in 1894 from part of New England and including Walcha and which town on the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia?
Uralla
Which game, Polarity or Indigo has been published by the most companies?
Polarity
What New York City Borough contains the 7 World Trade Center and the Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church
Manhattan
Horse's Neck and John Collins, are which type of item?
cocktail
Shedd Park Fieldhouse was named for the second president and chairman of what board?
Marshall Field & Company
Were George Melford and Giuseppe Tornatore both actors?
no
Which head coach of these two teams--Alabama Crimson Tide and Oklahoma Sooners--had the longest time with their team during the 2013 football season?
Bob Stoops
What can be found in the Northwest Montana Wetland Management District? 
National Bison Range
Michael Helliet Management represents the British heavyweight title holder who held the title how many times between 2000 and 2010?
twice
Which two occupations do Paul Haggis and Ulrich Seidl have in common?
producer, and director of film
What is the birthday of the older of Jacques Tourneur and Victor Salva?
November 12, 1904
Whose brother-in-law was banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony during the Antinomian Controversy?
Anne Hutchinson
Are both Rhapidophyllum and Spartium flowering plants?
no
When was the first tennis major comprising the Grand Slam before the US Open first held?
1905
Which University is based in the town where Anthony Armstrong Jones was born ?
East Central University
Which was released first, Dinosaur or The Happiest Millionaire?
The Happiest Millionaire
A robot that successfully hitchhiked across Canada was created by Ryerson University in which city?
Toronto
 The 1983 Masters Tournament was held at a golf club founded by what two men?
Bobby Jones and Clifford Roberts
This English actor has a son whose work includes what 2002 film?
The Hours
Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg starred the actress best known for what Harry Potter role?
Ginny Weasley
In what year did Henry Ramsden Bramley publish the song catalogued as Roud Fold Song Index No. 514?
1871
Which operation began first, Spring 1945 offensive in Italy or Operation Overlord?
Operation Overlord
What form of theater do Sean Pol McGreevy and Mack and Mabel have in common?
musical
Komondor and Portuguese Pointer are both breeds of what animal?
dog
The Ford Explorer and the Mercury Mountaineer are very similar vehicles. What year did the Ford Explorer start being produced?
1990
What mystery play can be dated back to medieval theater in the early 15th century?
The Chester Mystery Plays
Which documentary was released first, Baraka or Born Rich?
Baraka
The 2002–03 Cleveland Cavaliers season included the rookie who last played for which Chinese team?
Guangdong Southern Tigers
Except George Lucas's space opera film in which film a prominent speeder bike chase appeared in?
Return of the Jedi
What was the nationality of the comic book artist who worked with Jerry Siegel to create the character Lois Lane?
Canadian-American
Which company operates the railway line that bounds Peterhead, South Australia on the west side?
Adelaide Metro
The discovery of the supercurrent in SNS contacts is sometimes mistakenly attributed to what Welsh theoretical physicist and professor emeritus of physics at the University of Cambridge?
Brian Josephson
Zircon known for what soundtrack?
PIU
Which states in the United States of America have connections to both the Saint Louis River and Lake Superior?
Minnesota and Wisconsin
Are Castle of Frankenstein and Modern Drummer both magazines?
yes
Which professional tennis player achieved a higher World ranking, Bob Lutz or Goran Ivanišević?
Goran Ivanišević
Alberto Cavos, (December 22, 1800 – May 22, 1863), was a Russian–Italian architect best known for his theatre designs, the builder of which  historic theatre in Moscow, Russia, designed by architect Joseph Bové, which holds ballet and opera performances?
Bolshoi Theatre
"Anyone Can Fall in Love" is a song, released in 1986, by an "EastEnders" actress born in which year ?
1949
Who directed the 2013 Bollywood romance film that was produced by an Indian music company founded by Gulshan Kumar ?
Mohit Suri
did Marty Riessen and Rennae Stubbs both play tennis professionally ?
yes
Are both Michael Wadleigh and Lisa Cholodenko a film director?
yes
What is the name of the 88th episode of "The West Wing" which is based on the Presidential Succession Act of 1947 set by the United States Constitution?
Twenty Five
Which film director was from Brazil, Aleksander Ford or Nelson Pereira dos Santos?
Nelson Pereira dos Santos
Which government canceled the aircraft known as the Avro Arrow?
Canadian government
What country was Gilles Tetreault's intended murderer from?
Canadian
Wink and Aquafina are drinks, are they both owned by Canada Dry?
no
Does Roystonea or Dionysia have more species?
Dionysia
The 2012 British GT Championship was won by a car that was first introduced in what year?
1999
Duke Johnson serves as a director for Dino Stamatopoulos who played Alex in what NBC comedy?
Community
What was one of the popularizers of the slogan "the customer is always right" also known as?
the 'Earl of Oxford Street'
What's the name of the actress that supports FiSahara who appears in the movie "Blow"?
Penélope Cruz
Who was an American lawyer with a family of Scots-Irish ancestry of the Methodist faith from the patrilineal lineage?
George Franklin Getty
What is the nationality of the transgender actress with whom Ryan Allen Carrillo purchased Mexico y Barra Restaurant in West Hollywood?  
American
Which British alternative rock band included the song "High" on their ninth studio album Wish?
The Cure
What is the date of the first game played by the American professional basketball team based in Massachusetts?
October 17, 2017
Which former Chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee derailed the Email Privacy Act after it was passed in the 114th Congress?
John Cornyn
Fiona Mont and Graham Hesketh are likened to two american criminals who traveled with their gang during which era ?
the Great Depression
Helge Lindberg was inspired by George Frideric Handel, and both worked in this style?
opera
What battle took place east of the second-largest drainage system on the North American continent?
The Battle of Munford
Bastian Pagez devised part of the entertainment at the baptism of Prince James at what location that sits atop Castle Hill, and is one of the largest and ost important castles in Scotland?
Stirling Castle
Which shipping company was co-founded by a man whose biography was written by James Scurlock?
DHL Worldwide Express
Pronto and Godey's Lady's Book are both what?
women's magazine
What is the name of this airline based in Cincinnati, Ohio, in which DeKalb-Peachtree Airport has airline service to Cincinnati?
Ultimate Air Shuttle
What was the 2011 population of the city in which Hall's Croft is located?
27,445
Chester Bennett was executed during an occupation that happened after how many days of fierce fighting ?
18 days
The War of the Priests, was a conflict in the Polish province between Nicolaus Von Tüngen and what Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1440 and King of Poland from 1447, until his death?
Casimir IV
What genre do both Soul Asylum and Soundgarden sing?
rock
What Beatles song that opens their 1963 debut album, was covered by American singer Tiffany Darwish?
I Saw Her Standing There
In what Atlanta city is the Infinite Energy Arena located?
Duluth, Georgia
Greek philosopher Aspasius would later be joined by medieval Christian scholars contributing to what massof literature?
Commentaries on Aristotle
What is a 1995 American epic crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, that was based of of episodes from a British documentary/docudrama television series created by Bart Layton ?
Casino
Susan Floyd starred opposite the actor and singer in "Chinese Coffee" of what nationality?
American
Which genus includes more plants that produces flowers, Zanthoxylum or Legousia?
Legousia
Bebe Rexha co wrote which 2013 Eminem hit? 
The Monster
When was the actor born who played as  Andrew "Andy" Holt?
11 May 1978
Which rock band is older, Liars or Mallory Knox?
Liars
Albert O. Vorse Jr. served in fighter squadrons with which first flying ace of the Navy?
Lieutenant Commander Edward Henry “Butch” O’Hare
Where was Douglas Corrigan, known as, "The Flying Irishman", actually born?
Galveston, Texas
Who is the director of the upcoming movie which features the actor who is known for playing Whit Stillman?
John Curran
Which actress stars in a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Charles Brabin, was nominated five times for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Irene Dunne
The father of Dennis Chun is best known for what role on "Hawaii Five-O?
Chin Ho Kelly
C.R. Alsip Guitars is founded in a city that is in what Kansas county?
Cowley
When did the short series, in which Tom Herpich is best known for, become commissioned into a full-length series?
March 11, 2010
Are both Chico Municipal Airport and William R. Fairchild International Airport in California?
no
The mother of Julian Lennon unveiled what monument in Liverpool, England? 
Peace & Harmony
Which university was founded first, Virginia Commonwealth University or the University of the East?
Virginia Commonwealth University
Mordecai Lawner appeared in what movie that stars Diane Keaton as the female lead?
Annie Hall
What English actor known for starring on The Wire appeared in Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance
Idris Elba
what was the job of Francesco Cocco-Ortu in the state that founded as a result of the unification of Italy under the influence of the Kingdom of Sardinia ?
deputy
Are both dog breeds, Poitevin and Cantabrian Water Dog, used to hunt wolves?
no
Worker: Cathair Mór, son of Feidhlimidh Fiorurghlas, a descendant of Conchobar Abradruad, was, according to Lebor Gabála Érenn, a High King of Ireland, he ruled for three years, at the end of which he was killed by the Luaigne of which location, near the River Boyne, is an archaeological complex that runs between Navan and Dunshaughlin in County Meath, Ireland?
Hill of Tara
In what year did the Uganda President's regime kill the first prime minister of Uganda?
1972
Are The Gaslight Anthem and Dinosaur Jr. both bands formed in the 20th century?
no
The Monson Historical Society Museum is located in the town in what Maine county?
Piscataquis
What Geologically classified as a "massive sulfide ore deposit", uses an earthfill dam on Spring Creek primarily to collect severe acid mine drainage stemming?
Iron Mountain Mine
Who starred in Dubious Battle and was born October 12, 1992?
Josh Hutcherson
What Hunter's Prayer actor also played Marcus Agrippa in the HBO drama Rome?
Alan "Allen" Leech
 KSRF 95.9 "Da Pa'ina" is a radio station broadcasting an array of traditional and popular styles, ranging from native Hawaiian folk music to modern rock and what?
hip hop
Eric Zaslow formulated the SYZ conjecture with a mathematician that received what award in 1982?
Fields Medal
William Stanley, 3rd Baron Monteagle resided in a castle located in what valley?
the Lune Valley
Skillet and Boyce Avenue both specialize in what type of music?
rock
Which company is engaged in the bottling and distribution in the Philippines of the cola-flavored soft drink developed in 1905 by Claud A. Hatcher?
Macay Holdings, Inc.
Hanni Toosbuy Kasprzak is a Danish billionaire and the owner of what Danish shoe manufacturer and retailer founded in 1963 in Bredebro, Denmark?
ECCO
What was the baptismal name for the composer for whose works, along with Bach and Handel, Alan Bennett is most noted for his interpretation?  
Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart
What is the political party of the politician who represents 80% of the state's total land area in Congress?
Republican
The Sound of Music Live cast included an English stage, television and film actor and singer who starred on what?
Broadway
Who has coached at more schools, Jerry Tarkanian or Richard Donchian?
Jerry Tarkanian
What is the name of the business connected to the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino that is owned by General Growth Properties Inc?
Fashion Show Mall
Who is the  current commissioner of World TeamTennis, Ross Case or Ilana Kloss?
Ilana Sheryl Kloss
Which American actor born in 1928 and grandfather of the actress Bryce Dallas Howard starred in Redemption: For Robbing the Dead?
Rance Howard
Anton Loibl GmbH was a company who funded the Lebensborn eugenics programme and what research branch?
Ahnenerbe research branch
What occupation is shared by  Mikhail Romm and John Quigley?
film director
Were both Grundy NewBrain and Wave Mate Bullet around in the 1970's?
no
who is the eldest,Elvis Costello or Zeeshan Zaidi?
Elvis Costello
Which element of the Netherlands army fought against the German paratroops in The Battle for The Hague?
The Royal Netherlands Army
Which university was founded first, The Northcap University or San Diego State University?
San Diego State University
In what year did the writer of the music for "Love Life" die?
1950
With which racing team that currently competes in Asian Le Mans Series does Jota Sport have a partnership as of 2017?
Jackie Chan DC Racing
What NCAA Division is the football team in which Mario Cristobal coaches?
Division I
Who played Jeanne Murray's cousin in the sitcom "All in the Family"?
Beatrice Arthur
What was the name of the musical group with which the career of the singer of "Shikva" began?
Awaz
Kyle Broflovski is a central character along with which character voiced by and loosely based on series co-creator Trey Parker?
Stan Marsh
The Fountain stars the actress of what nationality?
British
The Bloody Sunday Inquiry is a second inquiry into an event that happened in what year?
1972
In what year was the most expensive Korean movie in history released?
2007
Who created the show on which "The Locomotion Interruption is an episode?
Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady
What state is the Brigadier General David McCarty Stone Cottage on Coeymans Landing?
New York
After Robin D. Laws published his hit game in 2000, that later changed names in 2003 after which company merged with Issaries, Inc.?
Moon Design Publications
Operation Wigwam was conducted between two series of nuclear test explosions, one of which was aimed to establish military tactics for ground forces on a nuclear battlefield and was preceded by which operation?
"Operation Castle"
What is the birthday of Fernando Romero's billionaire father-in-law?
January 28, 1940
Cyril Suk and Natasha Zvereva, have which mutual occupation?
tennis player
What is the translation of the religious satellite television station based in the capital and probably the largest city in Syria?
The Light of Sham
What is name of the show that was replaced by the Nickelodeon series that starred Larisa Oleynik in the mid-1990s?
Clarissa Explains It All
Who is the Hungarian-American investor, business magnate, philanthropist, and author who founded the international grant-making network that financially supports civil society groups around the world?
George Soros
Who is the German-Mauritian Formula One driver that won the title with the Mercedes-Benz team HWA AG in the 2015 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters?
Pascal Wehrlein
The Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River and the beginning of the Korean War both occured in what year?
1950
What type of vegetation does Stenomesson and Homalocladium have in common?
plant
Are Melicytus and Coix both plants?
yes
the chemical element Lawrencium is named after a scientist born in which year ?
1901
Child actress Marianne Edwards starred in what film also known by alternate titles like Revenge is Sweet and Wooden Soldiers?
Babes in Toyland
A symphony of Three Orchestras was dedicated to someone who died in what year?
2016
What is another television show that the 1947 born actor of Family Pictures star in?
Peaky Blinders
In 2005, who won the first on two consecutive North American rounds of the highest class of single-seat auto racing sanctioned by the FIA?
Kimi Räikkönen
Mohamed Hamzah (5 March 1918 – 19 February 1993) was the creator of the "Jalur Gemilang", a flag, which is composed of a field of 14 alternating red and white stripes along the fly and a blue canton bearing a crescent and a 14-point star known as the "Bintang Persekutuan" (Federal Star), officially called?
Flag of Malaysia
Suriya, who starred in the 1999 Tamil film "Periyanna," made his debut in which movie?
After making his debut in "Nerukku Ner"
Which band was formed first, Sponge Cola or The Wombats?
Sponge Cola
Are Latina and Entrepreneur both monthly publications?
no
What is the name of this 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, in which Jeff Bridges earned an Academy Award nomination for his role in the film?
Iron Man
What is the nationality of the man who founded Fly Eye Records?
Scottish
Are Panzhou and Shunde District in the same country?
yes
"Candy" is the debut single of an singer that starred with Diane Keaton in a 2007 romantic comedy directed by who?
Michael Lehmann
Which 1917 British silent drama film stars the professional boxer with the nickname "The Mighty Atom"?
A Pit Boy's Romance
Outside The Nine is the official fan club of a metal band from what state?
Iowa
Who was born first Kevin Reynolds or Jan Bucquoy?
Jan Bucquoy
Who was president of The King's College and directed a film with John Sullivan?
Dinesh D'Souza
Which country's former capital hosts the Simba Sports Club?
Tanzania
How To Pick Up Girls is the 1978 made for TV movie filmed on location in which city, starring Desi Arnaz Jr., an American actor and musician and the son of Lucille Ball?
New York City
John Ratzenberger's "Made in America" has visited a variety of factories, including a company that since 1984 has been a wholly owned subsidiary of who?
Hallmark Cards
Under what union did the king who created Duchy of Holstein serve?
the Kalmar Union
The O'Reilly Factor for Kids writer settled how many sexual harassment lawsuits?
five
Did Manny Coto, a Cuban American writer or Lina Wertmüller, an Italian screenwriter get nominated for an Academy Award for Directing "Seven Beauties"?
Lina Wertmüller
What football team does the man who Uygar Mert Zeybek replaced in the Süper Lig on 31 May 2015 play for?
İstanbul Başakşehir
Who directed the movie in which Christopher Michael Holley had the role of Beanie?
Joe Carnahan
Funk you up was the second single on Sugar Hill, following what September 1979 hip hop song?
Rapper's Delight
Dartmouth College was founded to educate which group of people descended from the pre-Columbian indigenous population of North America?
Native Americans
What constellation, containing Megrez, is on the Alaskan Flag?
The Big Dipper
American Gangster is fictionally based on the career of which Harlem-based drug trafficker?
Frank Lucas
What rival shopping mall to Bluewater was constructed on the site of a former chalk quarry?
Lakeside Shopping Centre
Which two sports do Showdown in Chinatown and Steve Nash bring to mind?
Showdown in Chinatown is an annual charity soccer match organized by basketball player Steve Nash
What movie did Kong Su-chang direct and what was it?
The Ring Virus () is a South Korean horror film adapted from the Japanese novel "Ring"
What kinds of works did Anthony Trollope produce?
novel
What is the middle name of the singer who released The Double EP: A Sea of Split Peas ?
Melba
Why is Funtown Splashtown USA such an important part of Saco, Maine?
tourism during summer months
Stargate is a Norwegian record producing and songwriting team composed of Tor Erik Hermansen, and Mikkel Storleer Eriksen, and have produced and written or only produced for stars including which Australian singer-songwriter, record producer and music video director, and started her career as a singer in the local Adelaide acid jazz band Crisp in the mid-1990s?
Sia
"Les Poissons" is a song from which 1989 film sung by the character Chef Louis?
The Little Mermaid
Is it true Marc Caro is a French cartoonist and filmmaker and Nikos Koundouros is a Greek director?
yes
Jesse Brock (born July 18, 1972, in Decatur, Illinois) is a bluegrass artist who plays the mandolin and supplies both lead and supporting vocals, he recorded and toured, and with which award-winning blind American bluegrass fiddle player?
Michael Cleveland
In what city did the band who performed "Valleri" form in?
Los Angeles
Head Smash a graphic novel by writer Vlad Yudin, who was born in what country?
Russian
What city in California was home to a team that Robert Girard played hockey for?
Oakland
What is the birthdate of this American actress with roles in Buck ROgers in the 25th Century and Silver Spoons, and starring in Hello I Love You?
January 7, 1950
Which Actor, known for his highly energetic slapstick performances, was given a lifetime achievement award in 2006?
Jim Carrey
Are Argyranthemum and Orontium in the same family?
no
Are Mara Santangelo and Meredith McGrath from the same country?
no
During what years were the group of paintings which included "Almond Blossom" painted by Vincent van Gogh and made to celebrate the key player in the growth of his fame?
1888 and 1890
Samuel Hsieh is currenly competing in a compact car that was launched in which Auto show ?
2012 Paris Auto Show
Which country is responsible for producing the 2016 historical film 'Viking' about the medieval prince Vladimir the Great and which stars Svetlana Viktorovna Khodchenkova, an actress of theatre, film and television?
Russian
Metrovías operates a transit metro system that first opened in which year ?
1913
What was the name of the portable oxygen system developed by the inventor of the one-way flutter valve?
Micro Trach
Before being the United States Secretary of State who did Dean Rusk send official diplomatic correspondence too?
Yang You Chan
The person who owns a philanthropic mining organization and majority owner of Foresight Reserves has a net worth of what?
$1.7 billion
Where was the builder of Walferdange Castle a Prince of?
Orange
Originally from Pakistan, Fawzia Afzal-Khan, is a professor of English and director of Women and Gender Studies Program at which public doctoral research university (R3) located in the Upper Montclair section of Montclair, at the intersection of the Great Notch area of Little Falls, and the Montclair Heights section of Clifton, in the U.S. state of New Jersey?
Montclair State University
What's is the middle name of the presenter of "Trainspotting Live" who's first name is Richard?
Francis
EastEnders actor Jimi Mistry also appears in the war film Blood Diamond, alongside which leading Hollywood star?
Leonardo DiCaprio
What 1920 coal miner scuffle is recorded extensively in the Kettle Bottom historical poems?
The Battle of Matewan
Where was the host of "Mind of a Man" born?
Chicago, Illinois
The Nova Southeastern Sharks baseball team produced which Houston Astros pitcher, who tossed a no-hitter in 2015?
Michael Bruce Fiers
What was the sobriquet of the woman who hired Joyce Beber?
Queen of Mean
Which genus has more species, Nandina or Photinia 
Photinia
Are Samuel Preston and Bryan Ferry in the same profession?
yes
How many miles is the running event held every Saturday morning in fifteen countries across five continents?
3.1 miles
What was Phil Lynott's most successful group that included Brian Downey in four songs?
Thin Lizzy
When was the American actress and singer died who was a star in both Clueless (1995) and Drop Dead Gorgeous?
December 20, 2009
Anarchy is the condition of a society, entity, group of people, or a single person that rejects hierarchy, the word originally meant leaderlessness, but in 1840, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon adopted the term in his treatise, titled what, an work of nonfiction on the concept of property and its relation to anarchist philosophy by the French anarchist and mutualist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, first published in 1840?
What Is Property?
The Aeolian Singers are based in the English county bordered by which county on its north?
Bedfordshire
The High German consonant shift  took place in the Germanic family of languages that is larger than which other two branches?
North Germanic and the extinct East Germanic languages
At which airport does the low-cost airline, a subsidiary of KLM founded by John Nicolaas Block, have its main base?
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
How long is the race track of the 2007 Italian Motorcycle Grand Prix?
5.245 km
Which Michael Jackson cover song was recorded by the American band which has shared the stage with The Ascendicate?
Smooth Criminal
Which director is American, Graham Cantwell or Mel Stuart?
Mel Stuart
Mai Mai Miracle and The Princess and the Frog are examples of what kind of film?
animated
When was the person who edited Mein Kampf born?
26 April 1894
What independent, non-profit, publishing co-operative, based in Oxford, United Kingdom,Predominantly known for its monthly independent magazine, is in partnership with  world music compilation album producer Phil Stanton?
New Internationalist
La Juive and Capriccio are both examples of what type of performance?
opera
The Scarlet Pimpernel stars an English actor who has received six Laurence Olivier Awards, and a Golden Globe award, and has received how many Oscar nominations?
two
Which Hesitation Wounds band member toured with Bruce Springsteen's band in 2009?
Jay Weinberg
which American writer does Jean Graham  research on
Amy Tan
The One-Million-Liter Test Sphere — also known as the Test Sphere, the Horton Test Sphere, the Cloud Study Chamber, Building 527, and the “Eight Ball” (or “8-ball”) — is a decommissioned biological warfare (BW) chamber and testing facility located on which United States Army Medical Command installation located in Frederick, Maryland?
Fort Detrick
What 1992 Circle-Vision 360° film presented at three Disney parks around the world opened it's attraction on April 2, 2007 in the Tomorrowland section? 
The Timekeeper
What is is a United States federal statute enacted by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama, who at the time the Deputy White House Chief of Staff for Implementation for U.S. President Barack Obama made this one of her major projects?
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
How old was Kipling when he wrote The Ballad of the "Clampherdown"
December 1865
Are both Ride a Wild Pony and A Goofy Movie produced by Walt Disney affiliated companies?
yes
What airline does the airline alliance Oneworld share their terminal with at the The Heathrow Airport?
Virgin Atlantic
What brothers are known for How Six Made Their Way in the World and Grimms' Fairy Tales?
Jacob and Wilhelm
Underground Sounds features a cover of a song originally by a band with what lead vocalist?
Thom Yorke
What is the establishment year of this private liberal arts college in WIlliamstown, Massachusetts, where Saul Kassin was a professor of psychology?
1793
Who was born first, Jim Diamond or Ontronik Khachaturian?
James Aaron Diamond
Who is more likely to visit alaska,  Portugal. The Man or Kirsty MacColl
Portugal. The Man
What year was the formation of the Finnish metal band that wrote the song "I'm Not Jesus"
1993
Sanrabb is one of the founding members of which extreme subgenre of heavy metal music?
Black metal
Which actor in the upcoming movie "The Underdog" was born in 1993
Do Kyung-soo
In between Against the Current and Troy Baker who has voiced Joel in "The Last of Us"?
Troy Edward Baker
Glyn Chamberlain last position was caretaker manager of a football club that plays in what league?
National League
Are the  Lambda 8300 and Aamber Pegasus both technology devices?
yes
Which love story set in the world of wedding planning was written by Habib Faisal?
Band Baaja Baaraat
Which sculpture, located at Placa del Rei, was created by the Basque artist notable for his abstract works?
Topos V
What sport do both Jim Grabb and Michael Chang play?
tennis
Where are Audrey Horne and Gorgoth based?
Bergen
In which city is the headquarters of the company which John Schnatter is a spokesman of located in?
Jeffersontown, Kentucky
Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy included which American comedienne and television host?
Joan Alexandra Molinsky
William George Berry, known in France as George Berry or Georges Berry, was an English association football player, He played professionally for clubs including which Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club, based in which suburb in London, that plays in the Premier League?
Selhurst
What former member of the Upright Citizens Brigade hosted the 71st Golden Globe Awards with Tina Fey? 
Amy Poehler
Vladimir Olgerdovich was a son of which ruler of medieval Lithuania?
Algirdas
What Greater Manchester town is the home of Antonelli Bros Ltd?
Eccles
Who produced the 2003 animated film which Thomson Andrews played for 
DisneyToon Studios
In what year was the singer of the theme song "Hotel" born?
1958
What was the 2002 album by the Canadian artist born on June 1, 1974?
Under Rug Swept
The team captain of the 2008–09 Chicago Blackhawks season was born in what year?
1988
Which star of The One and Only made her debut in "Let's Get Lost",?
Sidse Babett Knudsen
What is the birthdate of this South African businessman and chartered accountant, featured in an interview in Death of a Gentleman?
26 May 1960
Are Eicca Toppinen and John Bush both from Finland?
no
How many tons of mail and cargo depart from the station that is adjacent to Naval Support Activity Hampton Roads?
264,000
What is the birthdate of this former American football quarterback who played for the Dallas Cowboys and who was protected by his offensive tackle Mark Tuinei?
November 21, 1966
Mark Perakh who helped write The Panda's Thumb, was a professor at what university?
California State University
The city in which the mall formerly known as Shellharbour Square Shopping Centre is located is sometimes confused for what suburb?
Shellharbour
What was name of  the children's animated series that aired from 1992 to 1995 that Stacey Jefferson voiced two characters?
The Animals of Farthing Wood
Which Channel was completed first Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation or Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel ?
Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation
Was Bob Boone's father, another Major Leage player, right- or left-handed?
He batted and threw right-handed
Shelley Duncan play baseball for what team that's home venue is Tropicana Field?
Tampa Bay Rays
Gilbert James French (1804–1866), was a textile manufacturer and the biographer of Samuel Crompton, Crompton was an English invento,r and pioneer of which industry?
spinning
Who was the son of a wealthy American businessman, US senator, and who's features was in Deadwood?
William Randolph Hearst
Together with Cartmel and an area of Cumbria in northwestern England forms what that has a small village and civil parish in its region that  gets part of its name from the Old Norse word "thwaite" which usually refers to a clearing or settlement in the forest?
North Lonsdale
Which character in "The Office" is played by an actor who starred in the movie "Dan in Real Life"?
Michael Scott
Who is the wife of Rene Angelil?
Celine Dion
"Woh Ladki Hai Kahan", is a song, released in which year, from the movie "Dil Chahta Hai",performed by Kavita Krishnamurthy?
2001
40 Pounds of Trouble is a retelling of the story by the newspaperman of what nationality?
American
Dauði Baldrs is the fifth album by a nusician who was convicted of what?
murder and arson
Language Made Plain is a linguistics book written by which celebrated English literary figure?
Anthony Burgess
The Boy Who Cried Bitch is a 1991 American independent drama film directed by Juan Jose Campanella and stars include which American actor?
Jesse Bradford
What NFL football team drafted a player in 2003 that was later the show "Famously Single"? 
Buffalo Bills
Roy Shepherd was a piano teacher at the college near what part of Melbourne?
Melbourne City Centre
Which is native to the Caribbean, Myrteola or Gesneria?
Gesneria
Scarface Nation was a book written by an arts critic of what nationality?
American
who passed away first Perry N. Vekroff or Paul Cox ?
Perry N. Vekroff
Which director has won more academy awards, Nadine Labaki or Neil Jordan?
Neil Patrick Jordan
Who was born earlier, Anthony Mann or Roy Rowland?
Anthony Mann
The Liberation Stars are based in a town that serves as a commercial center for what island?
Saint Martin
What film starred Miley Cyrus and was written by Nicholas Sparks?
The Last Song
The Mingos song "T-Shirt" is the 2nd single from their album that was released on what date?
January 27, 2017
when was the later owner of Question Mark & the Mysterians died?
July 4, 2009
Who directed the movie that had the highest-grossing worldwide opening ever, F. Gary Gray or Shane Meadows?
F. Gary Gray
Both Gaetano Donizetti and Luigi Cherubini were regarded as Beethovens greatest contemporaries?
no
Where is the legendary giant anaconda discovered that Vincent Castellanos, the American actor best known for his role in Anaconda from?
Amazon rainforest
What is the name of an American popular science magazine that included a discussion by Solomon W. Golomb and Martin Gardner on mutilated chessboard problem?
Scientific American
Who passed away first, Manfred von Richthofen or Cedric Popkin ?
Manfred von Richthofen
What county is Sagemont School located in?
Broward County
Arthur B. McDonald shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for 2015 with the Japanese physicist known for what type of work?
neutrino experiments
Who was the Senator behind the corporation that served as the model for the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority?
George W. Norris
What crime thriller did the actress in the leading role of "Grease 2" play in in 1988?
Michelle Pfeiffer
Tooheys Extra Dry and Hahn Brewery were accquired by which company in 2009
Japanese Kirin Company
Drunken Master earned two and a half times the amount of This Hong Kong martial arts action  film directed by Yuen Woo-ping that came out in what year?
1978
Marin Čilić won a Masters 1000 title at the 2016 tournament held in what suburb of Cincinnati?
Mason
The single "Poison", by The Prodigy, was released as part of an album in what month and year?
July 1994
The online magazine Lonny was launched how many years after Real Simple made its debut?
launched in October 2009
Which daughter of King Lear does Edmund flirt with to play her off against Regan?
Goneril
Which Disney film was based on a novel, The Ugly Dachshund or White Wilderness?
The Ugly Dachshund
What English actor, born May 19, 1939, starred in the 2012 film Cleanskin which was directed by Hadi Hajaig?
James Fox
Thoroughbred is an album released in 1976, by which American composer and singer-songwriter, and also wrote 61 hits that charted in the UK, making her the most successful female songwriter on the UK singles charts between 1952 and 2005?
Carole King
To which group of dialects does the "Walserdeutsch" dialect spoken in the German town of Issime belong?
Highest Alemannic
What  is the debut and only studio album of American actor Brian Green that was produced by an American alternative hip hop group, formed in 1989, from South Central Los Angeles ?
One Stop Carnival
"Dear Brother" is a duet by Hank Williams and another musician born in what year ?
1923
Fielder Station is situation on what narrow gauge railway near Melbourne, Australia?
Puffing Billy Railway
Kavana is the debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Kavana, she was discovered by Take That's, Manchester-based English musical band manager, named what?
Nigel Martin-Smith
I Dream Too Much is a 1935 romantic comedy film, it stars include which French-American operatic soprano and actress who had an active career from the late 1920s through the early 1970s?
Lily Pons
Which film director is from Germany, Peter Schamoni or Norman Z. McLeod?
Peter Schamoni
In which county was the inventor of the compound bow born ?
Johnson County
What does the City of Miami government refer to the neighborhood where Miami Northwestern Senior High School is located as?
Model City
Martin & Orloff is a film featuring a cast member who also voiced Crane in what film franchise?
Kung Fu Panda
How many hours did Ronald Nels Running fly in an aircraft removed from combat due to high loss rates?
3,800 flying hours
The 2010 Tampa Bay Buccaneers selected the defensive tackle who played collegiately at what university?
Oklahoma
Dressed to Kill Tour was by Cher in support of what album?
Closer to the Truth
What date did the television series first air in which "Shareholder Meeting" is an episode?
March 24, 2005
No Exit and Cup-A-Jo Productions have what in common?
theatre
What type of living organisms are represented by the genus Mandragora, whose members are known as mandrakes, and Physostegia or the lionshearts native to North America?
plants
The Jackson 5, a popular American family music group formed in 1964 but in which year did the younger band member Michael Jackson pursue a solo career while still part of the group?
1971
Are The Badgemand and Finger Eleven both from Canada?
no
In what War did the father of Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse die?
World War II
Jack Scrimshaw debuted at the match held at what stadium in Westcourt, Cairns?
Cazaly's Stadium
Are Adam Gontier and Coko of the same nationality?
no
Did both Kanni and Bloodhound originate in the same continent?
no
Who is Scott Weiland associated with?
Stone Temple Pilots
The Wrecking Crew, released in December, 1968, and starring Dean Martin, an American singer, actor, comedian, and film producer, Martin was nicknamed what, for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance?
King of Cool
Singer Crystal Gayle’s single, "Hello I Love You" was featured in the 1982 movie, "Six Pack", starring Kenny Rogers, Diane Lane, and Erin Gray, an American actress, perhaps best known for her roles as Colonel Wilma Deering in the science fiction television series "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" and as Kate Summers-Stratton in what comedy?
Silver Spoons
What was the speciality of G. K. Venkatesh, who worked on films including Ananda Bashpa in 1963?
composer of film music
When was the writer of "Heroin" born? 
March 2, 1942
Who is Ronald Dworkin?
philosopher
A licensed clinical social worker who currently writes the column "Divorce Busting: Busings From an Unabashed Marriage Save" in a magazine published every two months in the United States, is often quoted in the media regarding what?  
divorce prevention
What is the nickname of the person who gave Roger Ruzek a nickname?
Boomer
Who supervises the subordinate that occupies the majority of Chatan, Japan?
United States Pacific Command
What award was won in 1973 by the actress that played a character in a horror film based on a novel by Peter Blatty?
Golden Globe
In what city is the company located that produces North Korea's top brand of beer?
Pyongyang
Laura Don's son wrote a libretto for an operetta composed by which conductor?
Victor Herbert
The Hintere Brandjochspitze is located in what country?
Austria
Which as more stories the  Metropolitan Tower or 70 Pine Street?
70 Pine Street
Are both Do I Sound Gay? and War/Dance documentaries?
yes
Are Jeffrey Archer and Thomas Wolfe both novelists?
yes
Stomp the Yard: Homecoming is a 2010 drama film whose cast members include a rapper known for his roll as Ricky in what 2011 film?
Jumping the Broom
In between Azolla and Platycarya which one is native to eastern Asia in China, Korea, and Japan?
Platycarya
What American-owned company based in Louisville, Kentucky owns Tequila Herradura?
Brown-Forman
The film Contra Conspiracy producing company and a 1931 Charlie Chaplin romantic comedy share what name in common?
City Lights
What range of mountains in New Hampshire were painted by Benjamin Champney?
the White Mountains
Nicolas Todt, is the son of former Ferrari Formula One team principal and current FIA president who, and manager of racecar driver Pastor Maldonado, a Venezuelan professional racing driver, who competed in Formula One for the Williams (2011–2013) and Lotus (2014–2015) teams? 
Jean Todt
Which is a real-estate based board game, Skirrid or Solarquest?
SolarQuest
Tower is a 2016 animated documentary film directed by Keith Maitland about the 1966 shootings at the University of Texas at Austin, by who?
Charles Whitman
Where are Luoding and Dingzhou located?
China
Market Kitchen featured this English author of books on cookery and what?
TV broadcaster
What French animator directed a film produced by dream works animation?
Eric "Bibo" Bergeron
Not Counting You, is a song written, and recorded by which American country music artist?
Garth Brooks
What Player Draft was held at Gaddafi Stadium and initial squads were finalised in Decenber 2015?
2016 Pakistan Super League players draft
What country was the businessman who founded an American hip hop apparel company? 
American
When did the television series starring Anthony Michael "Tony" Oller as Walt Moore first air?
October 8, 2010
Which university with which David D. Balam was a research associate is a large public research university located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada?
University of Victoria
Who You Are was on an album that followed what album?
Vitalogy
Plutonium from the Hanford Site comes film which U.S. state?
the U.S. state of Washington.
Which 18th President of the United States was present at the Battle of Young's Point?
Ulysses S. Grant
Italian composer Donizetti's opera "Maria Stuarda" is based on a play by Friedrich Schiller about the final das of which royal figure?
Mary, Queen of Scots
What is the size of the mall situated between the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas?
over 1600000 sqft
What is the seat of the county that is home to the Mahogany Mountains?
Pioche
Alan Hancock was a former member of the British Union of Fascists, which was formed by which British politician who rose to fame in the 1920s as a Member of Parliament?
Oswald Mosley
Are both Angela Carter and Ralph Ellison a novelist?
yes
One of the contractors of the Kendal Windermere Railways had also built one third of the railways in which country by 1847?
Britain
are Heshan, Guangxi and Guiyang both capitals>
no
What is the opening date of this recording studio opened by a rock and roll pioneer in Memphis, Tennessee, where Million Dollar Quarter was recorded?
January 3, 1950
Who was the artist of the two studio albums "Some Time in New York City" and "Mind Games"? John Lennon
John Lennon
Where was the company that sponsored the 95-96 Premier League founded?
London, Ontario, Canada
Jill Pole appears in "Chronicles of Narnia" which is based on which novelist's work?
Clive Staples Lewis
Are Deppea and Crambe in the same family?
no
What country is Fraser Heights Secondary School in?
Canada
Marshal Cavendish is the printing and publishing subsidiary of which of Thailand's largest beverage company?
ThaiBev
The 2003 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season, the team was led by Bobby Petrino in his first year at the school, is an American football coach,and former player, born on which date?
March 10, 1961
What is the term for the service provided by HCL Technologies involving discovery, interpretation, and communication of patterns in data?
Analytics
What deathcore band is from Knoxville, Tennessee that Misery Chastain toured with?
Whitechapel
Which professional basketball player won a NBA championship and spoke positively on the book "the 21 irrefutable laws of leadership"?
Harrison Barnes
 Where is a multi-use indoor arena, that was opened byan English ice dancer who won a gold medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics, located at?
National Ice Centre
Which hierarcchiologist believed It states that the selection of a candidate for a position is based on the candidate's performance in their current role, rather than on abilities relevant to the intended role?
Laurence J. Peter
Who is a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Antonin Artaud or David McCullough? 
David Gaub McCullough
Lawrence Turman, currently the director of the peter Stark Program at the University of Southern California produced an American adventure crime-thriller film starring Joseph Mazzello as who? 
Roarke
Tangled in Reins is the second album by a rock band that is based in Norwalk, Connecticut, and was formed in what year?
1990
What character does Deborah Joy Winans play in the American television drama series, created by Craig Wright?
Charity
Who owns the hotel whose replica statue of liberty featured on the Statue of Liberty Forever stamp ?
MGM Resorts International.
From which French philosopher's work did John Maus derive the title of the album whose positive response caused him to grow more widely accepted as an outsider artist?
Alain Badiou
On which channel did a television series air in 2015 that starred the main vocalist of the South Korean girl group Apink?
KBS2
Lauryn Hill was a member of which hip hop group?
Fugees
San Jacinto Day is the celebration of the Battle of San Jacinto in what year?
1836
The Pass Christian School District is a public school district, based in which city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States?
Pass Christian
The re-release of "Panda" by Desiigner and "The Life of Pablo" by Kanye West were both released in what month?
February
Who directed a 2015 Indian Tamil action comedy film with music from an Indian musical duo based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu?
Sundar C.
Who created and served as the executive producer of the show in which Jonathan turner reprised in 2015?
Michael Jacobs
What is the name of the metalcore band from Orange County, CA who album was produced by David Bendeth?
Of Mice & Men
Eye for an Eye is a 1996 American psychological thriller film starring an American actor who currently stars in what HBO sci-fi drama series?
Westworld
Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers are a 1960s British rhythm and blues, soul and beat group who had two Top 10 hits, one being, Got to Get You into My Life, a song by who, first released in 1966 on the album "Revolver"?
Beatles
Da'Sean Butler was drafted 42nd overall by the Miami Heat in an NBA draft held at what venue?
Theatre at Madison Square Garden
Which Indian film actor and producer also appeared in the 2010 Tamil romance film Chikku Bhukku?
Arya
Where is the sponsor of the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles based?
London, England
The MVP of the 2015 Diamond Head Classic was drafted in the 2016 NBA draft by what team?
New Orleans Pelicans
This America actress, best known for "Parks and Recreation" was what character?
Ann Perkins
What is the total population number for the endangered Amur Tiger who takes refuge in Zov Tigra National Park?
562
What Canadian actor born April 19, 1981 starred in the film Awake?
Hayden Christensen
Along with the director born on September 4, 1966, who were the two other co-producers of Jackass 3?
Johnny Knoxville and Spike Jonze
Gerald Williams' work has been influential within what Time magazine described as the single most controversial movement in the history of what?
African-American literature
The Jamahiriya News Agency was the official state news agency of of a state established by who ?
Muammar Gaddafi
Which company, owned by Nandamuri Kalyan Ram, provided that special effects for a 2015 French-British crime thriller film written by Brian Helgeland?
Advitha Creative Studios
The comedian starring alongside Bruce Vilanch and Whoopi Goldberg in the movie Get Bruce was credited with leading the comedy renaissance of what city? 
San Francisco
The 2016 Philadelphia Eagles season was the franchise's 84th season in the National Football League and the first under head coach Doug Pederson, the Eagles named 2nd overall pick who, the starting quarterback for Week 1 against the Cleveland Browns?
Carson Wentz
When did the film inspired by the Ali vs. Wepner fight come out?
1976
Which magazine cover did the model who also worked for the founder of the SpA company appear on?
Vogue
What was 2011 popuation of the borough that includes the market town of Wigton?
96,422
Filip Chlapík played hockey for his team in what stadium?
Canadian Tire Centre
What actor and political activist played a role in the film Tea and Sympathy?
Tom Laughlin
Are the University of South Alabama and University of Southern Queensland in the same country?
no
Are Anaïs Lameche and Grace Slick the same nationality?
no
Which Irish Unionist politician was elected unopposed as Member of parliament for South Tyrone in 1916 as part of the Ulster Unionist Party?
William Coote
when was a narrative poem most known from an American poet born July 18, 1850 written?
1867
What was the real first name of the legendary character on whom the film "Jeremiah Johnson" was partly based?
John
Who is the father of the country musician who released a song written by Dave Barnes and Julian Bunetta with backup lyrics by Maren Morris?
Rhett Akins
How many golden also did Jan Tauren win at the Far eastern Championship games?
three
The Valachi hearings, also known as the McClellan hearings, investigated organized crime activities across America, the hearings were named after which American gangster, notable as the first member of the Italian-American Mafia to publicly acknowledge its existence,was a major government witness against the American Mafia?
Joseph Michael "Joe Cargo" Valachi
Which U.S. Navy battleship was to be the second in its class but had its construction cancelled before the keel was laid?
USS "Kentucky"
The Public Eye features an actor with the last name Tucci of what nationality?
American
American Drag racer Antron Brown has been known to compete in championships reaching what speed?
335 mph
when is the American former Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder and manager who also replaced Manager Cal Ripken, Sr when fired born
August 31, 1935
When was the non-denominational liberal arts college founded who's hockey team is the Union Dutchmen ice hockey team?
1795
What is the name of this regional public university located in Mississippi, where The Delta Lady Statesmen are the women's basketball team?
Delta State University
Who was the British cinematographer who worked on the superhero action film staring Joel Kinnaman as the title character?
Lula Carvalho
What state of Germany was Ernst Wilhelm Hengstenberg from?
North Rhine-Westphalia
Which district is represented by an Australian politician who is the New South Wales Minister for Family and Community Services?
Goulburn
The Darlington Agency was a stop on the trail that had a northern post in what state?
Kansas
Who was the head coach of the University of Missouri's women's basketball team before the coach who led the Missouri Tigers in 2015-16?
Cindy Stein
Inside Job and When We Were Kings, are of which genre?
documentary
Pink is a song by which Boston-based rock band?
Aerosmith
Buddhist Yip Kei Nam Memorial College the school was founded with funds from a gambling tycoon whose wealth was estimated to be what?
HK$ 100 million
Who was the mother of the woman who made the Star Spangled banner flag hoisted over a city that was designated a national park in 1925?
Rebecca Young
What novel did the American short story writer who also wrote Losing Battles wrote 
American South
The second season of the musical comedy-drama television series "Glee" originally aired between September 21, 2010 and May 24, 2011 on Fox, the 22-episode season was produced by Twentieth Century Fox Television, the television production subsidiary of 20th Century Fox, and a production arm of which organization?
Fox Television Group
What is the American heavy metal band from Springfield, Massachusetts, formed in 1995 that had a five track demo on Opiate for the Masses's second full-length album released on April 26, 2005?
Shadows Fall
Which South Korean mixed martial artist has been defeated by George Roop?
Chan Sung Jung
 Which is the bigger airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport or Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport?
John F. Kennedy International Airport
Do Enanitos Verdes and After Midnight Project both make rock music?
yes
Are the poets Lavinia Greenlaw and Marge Piercy of the same nationality?
no
What was the ancestral home of the Trafford family, that had a manager who was an English transport engineer who began his working life developing and building gas-powered trams?
Trafford Park
Western Star Trucks is a subsidiary of which German multinational company?
Daimler AG
The 2014 FA Community Shield was a football match played between Arsenal and the champions of what season of the top-flight English professional league for men's football clubs?
22nd season
The Roland MC-303 is the first of a series of musical instruments known as a Groovebox, the MC-303 has more in common with other MC prefixed synthesizers, which contain built-in sequencers, than it does with which famous bass synthesizer with built-in sequencer manufactured by the Roland Corporation?
Roland TB-303
Which one of the following, Robert Greenwald or Jan Kounen, is the founder of Brave New Films?
Robert Greenwald
What language do both writer Harry Mathews and poet Robert Desnos know?
French
Who was the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering who helped design the A113 Easter Egg in media?
John Lasseter
Red Swoosh was a peer-to-peer file sharing company founded in 2001, by Travis Kalanick, an American businessman, and who else?
Michael Todd
Does Motionless in White and Hello Sleepwalkers have the same number of band members?
yes
Ron Baxter is a former basketball forward for a team that currently competes in what conference?
the Big 12
Nikos Sofis attended which multi-campus private business school with headquarters in Switzerland?
EU Business School
Donald Molosi won an award for his performance as the first President of what country in "Blue, Black and White"?
Botswana
Mario Parga appeared in which San Jose-based guitar magazine?
Guitar Player
Who is a member of more bands, Geoff Rickly or Denis Bélanger?
Geoffrey William "Geoff" Rickly
The term "ʻ ula-ʻ ai-hāwane" is a Hawaiian phrase translating to "red [bird] that eats "hāwane", it was only ever reported from the forested mountains of  Kohala, Hawaii, Kohala, is the name of the northwest portion of the island of Hawaiʻ i, in which location?
Hawaiian Archipelago
When did the original location of The History of Ranching mural eventually close?
2001
Who was the brother of 16th century poet group the Wilton Circle's leader?
Philip Sidney
The cover art for EA Sports UFC 2 features Ronda Rousey and a boxer born in what year?
1988
Are "Woman's World" and "The Delineator" both American women's magazines?
yes
Who has more work to be known for, Bill Melendez or Garry Marshall?
Garry Kent Marshall
Who has the most series Momina Duraid or Hiroshi Inagaki?
Momina Duraid
The 129th Rescue Wing is stationed at which joint civil-military airport in California?
Moffett Federal Airfield
What do Lonnie Wilson and Dave Gahan have in common?
songwriter
Ewa Aulin is remembered for playing the title character in a cult film directed by who?
Christian Marquand
Joshua Hett Smith House (demolished), also known as Treason House, was a historic house in West Haverstraw, New York, during the American Revolutionary War, which General met at the house with British Major John André, while plotting to surrender the fort at West Point, who was the general during the American Revolutionary War, who fought for the American Continental Army, and later defected to the British Army?
Benedict Arnold
Which documentary film, Tender Fictions or Wheel of Time is a 2003 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog about Tibetan Buddhism ?
Wheel of Time
Man of the House was co-written by which artist and radio personality?
Charles Elliott "Chuck" Wicks
What was Ignaz von Seyfried and Franz von Suppé's nationality?
Austrian
Broughton Vale is located in a city adjacent to what sea?
Tasman Sea
Around what year was the Greek play that inspired Jean Anouilh's play of the same name written?
441 BC
Ben T. Elliott directed an American author who has maintained what in her writings?
a conservative leaning
Of which corporation was this American banker who founded Trilateral Commission chairman and chief executive?
Chase Manhattan Corporation
The December 1992 nor'easter produced record high tides and snowfall across which country's northeastern region, along the Maryland coast, the storm was less severe than the Perfect Storm in the previous year, 1991, also known as The No-Name Storm (especially in the years immediately after it took place) and the Halloween Gale, was a nor'easter that absorbed Hurricane Grace and ultimately evolved back into a small unnamed hurricane late in its life cycle?
United States
Which corporation produces this brand that first appeared in 1928 in the United States and whose concept car released in 1995 could fit two passengers and had a space for a laptop on a small table?
Chrysler Corporation
Which private, nonsectarian institution has a famous artist featured in major museum solo shows?
Pratt Institute
At 1972 Prague Skate event, the ladie's title was won by a woman born in what year?
1956
Gina Philips will have a cameo appearance in the 2017 film written and directed by whom?
Victor Salva
Lionel Friedberg and Ralph Staub, have which mutual occupations?
director, writer and producer
 The Guelphic Legion was a paramilitary unit maintained at the expense of a king whose reign was ended by what?
the Unification of Germany
What is George Miller connection to Mad Max 2
Created by director George Miller
X.com was an online bank that later became the company that supports what feature?
online money transfers
The 2004 Philadelphia Eagles season ended with an off-season pickup of the player with what nickname?
The Freak
Castra of Izbășești was made in this province that was the largest territorial and administrative unit of the empire's territorial possessions outside of Italy until what year
293 AD
Bassist of the band who released Voivod was originally in a band based where? 
San Rafael, California
How many novels has the author of Sheikh's Castaway written?
almost 40
In a Front-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout what type of engine is a heat engine where the combustion of a fuel occurs with an oxidizer (usually air) in a combustion chamber that is an integral part of the working fluid flow circuit?
An internal combustion engine
What Austrian Formula One Team advisor works with a company headquartered in Fuschl am See, Austria?
Helmut Marko
Rebecca Akufo-Addo is the current First Lady of Ghana and gets her title by being what relationship to the president?
wife
Kübra Kegan was born in the capital of what republic?
Turkey
Where do the bands KMFDM and Empire of the Sun originate from ? 
KMFDM (originally Kein Mehrheit Für Die Mitleid, loosely translated by the band as "no pity for the majority") is an industrial band led by German
What is the number one hit released by the rapper also known for his The Streets Made Me album?
Slow Motion
Luzzasco Luzzaschi and Carlo Gesualdo were both composers during which time period?
Italian Renaissance
In 2015, Baker Mayfield won the Oklahoma starting quarterback position over which future Atlanta Falcons quarterback?
Trevor Knight
Who was born first, Winston Churchill or Edith Hamilton?
Edith Hamilton
What type of group does Umphrey's McGee and Iron Maiden have in common?
band
What is the name of the Austro-Hungarian general and historian from the province straddling the southern border of the Habsburg Monarchy?
Emil Vojnović von Belobreska
John Edward Avery, Jr. played for what team that only played one season in 2001
XFL
In what year was Yuk Young-soo's husband born?
1917
Of which West Germanic language was Craig Seymour a professor at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth?
English
when did the Tower Of Terror lose its status as the fastest roller coaster in the world?
On opening, it claimed the records of fastest roller coaster in the world, previously shared by and Tower of Terror.
Which group features more members who play an instrument, Moonbabies or Massive Attack?
Moonbabies
Did both Battle of Chancellorsville and Battle of Pusan Perimeter take place on the same continent?
no
Are University of Virginia and King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi both institutions of higher learning?
yes
Who co- founded one of the stores that bought out some of the Focus DIY chain?
Richard Block and David Quayle
PSR B1919+21 is a pulsar with a period of 1.3373 seconds and a pulse width of 0.04 seconds, it was discovered by which Northern Irish astrophysicist, and in March 2013, she was elected Pro-Chancellor of the University of Dublin?
Jocelyn Bell Burnell
What year was Todd George Fancey's Vancouver-based indie rock band formed?
1997
In what year was the father of Blanche of Castile born?
1133
Are both Víctor García and Jim Morrison considered songwriters?
yes
Who was born earlier, Habash al-Hasib al-Marwazi or Mostafa El-Sayed?
Ahmad ibn 'Abdallah Habash Hasib Marwazi
What second oldest school in Miami-Dade County did a Grammy Award winning record producer and songwriter attend?
Miami Beach Senior High School
Chris Gould is the brother of a placekicker who played college football where?
Penn State
In 2013 Zach Minter was signed as an undrafted free agent by an NFL team that has won how many Super Bowls?
one
Who has more solo albums, Scott Stapp or Björk?
Björk
In what year died one of the supporting actors of the film "Sailor's Lady"?
1992
Which member of the original lineup of The Bruisers was part of an album called "The Gang's All Here"?
Al Barr
This National Grassland located in Morton County Kansas hosts which monument dedicated to the meeting of states?
8 Mile Corner
Who was born first, Hannah Arendt or Peter Ackroyd?
Johanna "Hannah" Arendt
Who fronted the Cleveland, Ohio rock band that played alongside indie band Clone of Clones?
SomeKindaWonderful
Who was the president and CEO in 1988  of an American regional airline headquartered at Dayton International Airport in Vandalia, Ohio ?
Keith Houk
Barry Dickins wrote a film about the last person executed in Australia named what?
Ronald Joseph Ryan
Are Lake Yojoa and Lake Tanganyika on the same continent?
no
Which Bristol trip hop group did Paul Oakenfold do a remix for ?
Massive Attack
Bender "Ben" Johnson Jr. was the chairman of the Makah during the first successful hunt of Eschrichtius robustus which is commonly known as what?
The gray whale
Between Body of War and When We Were Kings, which film's location is closer to Israel?
Body of War
Cheryl Stephanie Burke best known for being one of the professional dancers on an American dance competition television series and is the US version of what UK series?
Strictly Come Dancing
During what movie was Evan Rachel Wood approximately 24 years old?
The Ides of March
The American actor "Jonathan Joss" participated in which American animated sitcom that centers around the middle-class American family in the fictional city in Texas?
King of the Hill
What English film, theatre, television and opera director has worked with Femi Elufowoju Jr.?
Richard Eyre
The Maryland Democratic Party has a state chair of the former public affairs officer for what company?
Marriott International
Who is a Bulgarian operatic soprano that had their career launched by The World Opera Competition? 
Sonya Yoncheva
Neozapatismo is an ideology based on the beliefs of a leading figure in what event?
Mexican Revolution
In what year was the man that passed Eric Hillman for tallest player in the MLB born?
1978
This historical theatrical venue showed the first performance of what would eventually be the US national anthem
Holliday Street Theater
When was the Ghanian district that includes Chumburung created?
2008
Are George Abbott and Leo McCarey both film directors?
yes
In what year was Tim McCann's alma mater founded?
1967
Thesongadayproject had a cover version of the song Catch the Wind by the singer and guitarist of what nationality?
Scottish
What are are commonly known as milkworts or snakeroots, Nothofagus or Polygala ?
Polygala
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the county containing Village Shires, Pennsylvania?
625,249
Which 1998 motion picture based on author Stephen McCauley's novel stars an actor who appeared in "The Cider House Rules" (1999) and "Ant-Man" (2015)?
The Object of My Affection
According to a British tabloid founded in 1903, how many signatures were collected for a petition from the Snowdrop Campaign to ban ownership and use of handguns?
it gained over 50,000 signatures
In September 1939, when the Second World War begun, the then General Alfred Keller commanded the 4th Air Corps during the invasion of which countrty, he commanded Luftflotte 2, with his superior General Albert Kesselring, was a German "Luftwaffe Generalfeldmarschall" during World War II?
Poland
Adina Howard 's minor hits include "T-Shirt & Panties" with an acotor who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of who?
Ray Charles
In regards to the company that has Fold-Pak as a division, when was it formed?
May 2015
What is the area of the state that Garri Kalan is in?
30778 sqmi
Bayside and PJ Harvey, are in the music industry?
yes
Who is the director of the short film based on which Australian psychological horror film The Babadook was made?
Jennifer Kent
Raymond Palmer co-wrote The Coming of the Saucers with an American aviator and businessman who made what is considered the first widely reported unidentified flying object sighting when?
June 24, 1947
Which historic complex remains of 12th to 16th centuries were in the manor of Norton?
abbey complex
Sgt. Warren Reed was a fictional character in a movie that was set in what city?
Detroit, Michigan
What is the name of the first album released by the American country singer and songwriter who also recorded the 2011 single written by Bryan, Rhett Akins, Dallas Davidson and Ben Hayslip?
Spring Break
What son of a Chinese fencer is an entertainer and is fluent in 6 languages?
Jackson Wang
Clémence Poésy played Chloe in the 2008 film written by whom?
Martin McDonagh
Who was born first Charles Hutchison or Grover Jones ?
Charles Hutchison
What American actress born June 19, 1972, was is the film The In-Laws?
Robin Tunney
"What's This Life For" is a single from the debut album of which Tallahassee rock band?
Creed
Which leading Libyan revolutionary was killed in the Second Gulf of Sidra offensive?
Muammar Gaddafi
Are both Jacobo Morales and Jean Dréville of Puerto Rican descent?
no
Are both Home on the Range and Ice Princess American films?
yes
What former jeans model starred in the South Korean film, Always?
So Ji-sub
What nationality are Muhammad Baqir Yazdi and Rumi?
Muslim
What university houses the speech pathology and audiology programs named after the conductor of the Monster Study?
University of Iowa
In what city is the network based, that aired SpongeBob SquarePants?
New York City
The Trenton Prong is a section of the Piedmont province of what that was formed roughly 480 million years ago?
The Appalachian Mountains
What did Philip Bertie's father style from 1642 to 1666
Lord Willoughby de Eresby
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final novel of the "Harry Potter" series, the series ended that began in 1997 with the publication of which J. K. Rowling novel?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
 James Cameron's Dark Angel starred the actress who was nominated for what award for her portrayal in the movie?
Golden Globe
The Roper steam velocipede was built by the inventor and builder from what city?
Boston, Massachusetts
Which landmark civil rights decision of the United States Supreme Court involved the issue of interracial marriage that used the Latin phrase " Et uxor?"
Loving v. Virginia
Where Men Win Glory is a biography of which football player who enlisted in the US Army?
Patrick Daniel Tillman
Which is a type of tree, Dracaena or Cypripedium?
Dracaena
Which movie staring Isabel Lucas also starred Ethan Hawke as a hematologist?
Daybreakers
Paul N. J. Ottosson was nominated for what regarding his work on the sequel to the 2002 film Spider-Man?
Academy Award
What college team did brothers Colt and Case McCoy play for?
University of Texas Longhorns
What channel broadcasts the 2015 event that Alex Bellemare took Bronze in?
ESPN
Glyptotermes minutus is a pest of a flowering tree in the pea family named what?
Fabaceae
Alan Clayson, is an English singer-songwriter, author and music journalist, among his many books include the biography of Jacques Brel, Belgian singer, songwriter, actor and director who composed and performed literate, thoughtful, and theatrical songs that generated a large, devoted following—initially in which two countries?
Belgium and France
What is the singer of Mamo known for?
her deep contralto
Are both Pan Anzi and Norman Foster considered to be film directors ?
yes
On what date did this series premier that is an American animated superhero action-comedy television series and stars a fictional character named Blisstina Utonium?
April 4, 2016
What school formerly known as New School University did Susan Wheeler teach at?
The New School
Sam Willoughby (born 15 August 1991 in Bedford Park, South Australia) is an Australian BMX cyclist also known as 'the BMX bandit', Bedford Park is a southern suburb of where, in South Australia?
Adelaide
Ozell Jones played in the CBA for a team that was admitted to the CBA in what year ?
1982
When was the Free will theorem published in the Foundations of Physics/
2006
When did the person who finished ahead of Chris Thompson in the 10,000 metres at the 2010 European Athletics Championships announce his intention to switch wholly to road racing?
2017
What is the real name of the rapper who made Split Personality?
Barry Adrian Reese
In what county is The Troy Historic Village located?
Oakland County
What case did Thurgood Marshall argue which established the unconstitutionality of separate schools for black and white students?
Brown v. Board of Education
TalkOrigins Archive presents what perspective that is less compatible with mainstream scientific thought on the issues of physics, chemistry, geology, and the age of the Earth?
antievolution claims of young-earth
Which American novelist born in 1936 was compared to the author or Propinquity?
Don DeLillo
Sara Lee Lucas was part of India Loves You with what lead guitarist of Marilyn Manson?
Scott Mitchell Putesky
In what year was the camp opened that is between the city of Wodonga and the dam across the Murray River downstream of its junction with the Mitta River?
1947
What television series featuring Albert Reed Jr. aired on CBS between 1974 and 1979?
Good Times
Which documentary came out first out of Gasland and The Truth According to Wikipedia?
The Truth According to Wikipedia
Coddle is an Irish dish that can also include barley and an Irish dry stout brewed in almost 50 what?
countries
what does Diamond at the Summit and Summit Place Mall have in common?
Michigan
The former college and professional football player known for the horse-collar tackle, earned how many straight Pro Bowl selections from 2003 to 2007?
five
"Electrical Storm" is a song by Irish rock band U2, they performed it on the second concert of which worldwide concert tour by rock band U2, launched in support of the group's 2009 album "No Line on the Horizon"?
U2 360° Tour
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart displayed scatological humour, in his letters and a few recreational compositions, he was baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of the which era?
Classical
Dimitri Zinovievich Tiomkin, was a Russian-born American film composer and conductor, musically trained in Russia, he was best known for his western scores, including High Noon, released in which year, an American Western film produced by Stanley Kramer from a screenplay by Carl Foreman, directed by Fred Zinnemann, and starring Gary Cooper?
1952
American Revenge will star which Hong Kong actor in the title role?
Donnie Yen
Which character did this American from the 1970 film "The Phantom Tollbooth" voice in "Peter Pan" (1953)?
Captain Hook
123 Albert Street has a style that is from the philosophy that took hold during what time frame?
late 19th and early 20th centuries
Pres and Sweets is an album by saxophonist Lester Young and a trumpeter that is a member of what orchestra?
Count Basie Orchestra
What song on the album No Protection was a No. 1 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in April 1987?
Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now
Who served as a Major General during the global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945?
Carroll W. McColpin
Tightrope starred the actor who achieved success in what TV series?
Rawhide
College bass fishing includes a Bassmaster tournament sponsored by the clothing company founded in what year?
1889
Bad Meets Evil was a duo that formed because of a mutual friend from what city?
Detroit
Who died first, Billy Mackenzie or Simon Neil?
William MacArthur "Billy" MacKenzie
Simon WIlliam Gamble played non league football for what club located in Lincolnshire, England?
Grantham Town Football Club
What is the name of this multi-purpose indoor arena in Uniondale, New York, that housed the Toronto Tomahawks, following the completion of their 1974 season?
Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum
Hiroaki Sato fought which Japanese mixed martial artist born on July 21, 1981?
Yushin Okami
 John Brinkkotter made his debut in Round One of the 92nd season of the elite what?
Australian rules football competition
Which record producer helped produce the album "I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love?"
Kato Khandwala
What type of music did this American group consisting of four members, to which Sona Family has been compared, originally perform?
alternative hip hop
What is the capital of the region of Italy in which San Raimondo is loacted?
Florence
Are the genus Elodea and Pinellia native to the same areas of the world ?
no
Have Davey Havok and Dickie Peterson both released solo albums?
no
One of the Formula One drivers for Germany in 2016 does not speak what language despite knowing 5?
Finnish
Hungry Howie's Pizza & Subs, Inc., also known as Hungry Howie's Pizza, is a franchise and the 11th largest pizza chain in the United States, with over 550 locations, it's products include pizza, calzone-style subs, and which cuisine of the United States, is an unbreaded chicken wing section (flat or drumette) that is generally deep-fried then coated in a sauce consisting of a vinegar-based cayenne pepper hot sauce and melted butter prior to serving?
Buffalo wing
Tulips starred which actor who was born in 1945?
Gabe Kaplan
Shaman was assembled from musicians who left what metal band?
Angra
What is the name of the segment of US 78 that was designed to allow more direct connections between cities in the southeast?
Interstate 22
Richard Hewes was a politician from a town in what Maine county?
Cumberland
Are University of Maryland, College Park and Lipscomb University in the same state?
no
Indiana Central Canal and North Shore Channel, are related to water?
yes
In what year was the Spanish football team that plays in Segunda División B – Group 4 and features Francisco Javier Pérez Páez in central midfield founded?
2007
Which British Independent local radio station hosted Foxy and Tom?
Viking FM
In between Dartmouth College and Columbia University, which one was established in 1754?
Columbia University
Boyd Matson is the former anchor of "National Geographic Explorer", an American documentary television series that originally premiered on what network on April 7, 1985?
Nickelodeon
Who was the director of the 1985 West German-Italian war film starring the actor who played the character of "Bodie" in the late 1970s - early 1980s British television series "The Professionals"?
Antonio Margheriti
Dennis Lyxzén and Mark Hunter, are musicians, and what other mutual occupation?
vocalist
What continent does Diego Crosa play football on?
South America
What connects Reinhard Heydrich and Erich Raeder?
Reichsmarine
Nano Cabrera is the cousin of the golfer who the Masters in what year?
2009
When was the movie released in 2007 in which "Let's Go" song was used?
January 12, 2007
What company owns Nevada's second-largest paper?
Gannett Company
Chris Bosh took over the role of fan favorite, and face/leader of the Raptors from the man who played for what team?
Sacramento Kings
Who partnered with the writer of "Brooklyn By The Sea" to write the song "A Teenager in Love"?
Doc Pomus
At the 2010 census what was the population of the city where Batdorf & Bronson coffee roaster is located ?
46,478
The Alcatel brand is used under license of the company headquartered in what city?
Huizhou
Which Wharton, University of Pennsylvania graduate served as chairman of the largest manufacturer of tractors in the world?
Keshub Mahindra
Is astronomy the subject of both The Mad Magazine Game and the game Space Hop?
no
Which county in Kentucky was a prohibition or completely dry county until 2005 and contains this community near La Grange whose residential services are provided by Louisville Gas & Electric?
Oldham County
The MVP of the 2009 St. Petersburg Bowl was drafted by what NFl team in 2012?
Cincinnati Bengals
Who are the creators of the American medical drama television series for which Shelley Meals is a Co-Executive Producer?
Dick Wolf and Matt Olmstead
Jon Ippolito is an artist, educator, new media scholar, and former curator at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, the museum is often referred to as The Guggenheim, is an art museum located at 1071 Fifth Avenue on the corner of East 89th Street in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, in which city?
New York City
Who wrote the Irish folk song about Irish moonshine or a beverage traditionally distilled in a small pot still?
Sean McCarthy
Frederick Laurence Green, F. L. Green, was a British author who had 14 titles published between 1934 and 1952, and is best known for his 1945 novel, "Odd Man Out", and film of the same name, a British film noir set in an unnamed Northern Irish city and directed by Carol Reed, released in which year?
1947
Who played the fictional character which Luke took over his share of the Underworld factory?
Alison King
Which band was formed first, The Joy Formidable or Deftones?
Deftones
The Derwitzer Glider was a glider that was developed by Otto Lilienthal, a German pioneer of aviation who became known as the "flying man", and on which date, his glider stalled and he was unable to regain control?
9 August 1896
Who  is an American actor who starred in a 1996 American comedy film starring Jack Lemmon and James Garner ?
Jeffrey Brian "Jeff" Yagher
At which U.S. college do the Cornhuskers play basketball in the Pinnacle Bank Arena?
University of Nebraska
Ryōishi Station is a railway that stopped service after what 9.0-9.1 magnitude event?
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
Are both Melvin Frank and Justin David Swibel a filmmaker?
yes
What was the nationality of Lana Turner's co-star in "The Three Musketeers"?
American
On what date was the Precision Medicine Initiative announced?
January 20, 2015
Are Niki Caro and Thomas Vinterberg both film directors?
yes
Down East and OK!., are media of which type?
magazine
Which mine was a gold producer at Yellowknife, Negus Mine or McIntyre Mines?
Negus Mine
 Guardian: The Lonely and Great God starred what BtoB boy group member?
Yook Sung-jae
What city in the province of Connacht is the birthplace of a Gaelic football goalkeeper?
Galway
Who was a member of more bands, Jesse Leach or Lindsey Buckingham?
Jesse David Leach
Are the rock bands 12 Stones and The Rubens both from America?
no
GMC Terradyne was first unveiled to the public in an annual auto show held at which city ?
Detroit, Michigan
The 2002 Infiniti Pro Series season ended with a champion who later became a scouting assistant for what NFL team?
Indianapolis Colts
Which film starring Jamie Lee Curtis premiered in 1980 and was directed by Paul Lynch?
Prom Night
Which band were featured on the soundtrack for the animated film Shrek, Sponge Cola or Smash Mouth?
Smash Mouth
Which coast does this trail run along which provides a hiking passage to Kalalau Valley?
Nā Pali Coast
Jordan Evans worked with Kirk Jerel Randle, better known by which stage name?
Kirko Bangz
Which area of England does British fellwalker, and guidebook author write about in his book The Outlying Fells of 56 chapters each describing a walk, sometimes taking in several summits?
Lake District
What three time defending female champion has ranked number one in Women's Singles tennis?
Serena Williams
What year was the essay, which preceeded the book written by Harry G. Frankfurt, released?
1986
Who composed the soundtrack for T.M. Karthik's debut film?
A. R. Rahman
What movie that stars the owner of Plan B Entertainment is based on a 1979 novella by Jim Harrison?
Legends of the Fall
What type of genre do The Bluebells and Monoral have in common?
rock
WCCW-FM serves the city with a population of what, as of 2010?
14,674
The Domestic Violence Offender Gun Ban, is an amendment to the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act of 1997, the act is often referred to as "the Lautenberg Amendment" after its sponsor, Senator Frank Lautenberg, was a United States Senator, and member of the Democratic Party, from which state?
New Jersey
The head of animation at Walt Disney Animation directed a film animated by who?
Sony Pictures Imageworks
Psilogramma wernerbacki is known from this sovereign country consisting of six major islands and over how many smaller islands 
900
What number film in the James Bond series was the next to use the title of an Ian Fleming story after the fifteenth?
twenty-first
Are Jieshou and Xuanwei both county-level cities?
yes
What profession does Emmanuel Chabrier and Leoš Janáček have in common?
composer
Do Orson Scott Card and Edgar Cayce share the same nationality?
yes
Among Phil Collins' production credits in the mid-1980s is No One Is to Blame by which singer?
Howard Jones
Haruka Shimazaki was a member of which Japanese idol girl group that is produced by Yasushi Akimoto?
AKB48
In which year was the drama, based on the true story of the Odones and directed by Australian film director, screenwriter, producer, and former medical doctor, released?
1992
Olympique de Marseille almost won the French League for the first time in how many years, having a remarkable run to third place, the most praised player was central defender Daniel Van Buyten, a Belgian former footballer who played as a centre back, nicknamed "Big Dan"?
11
What does the institute that Per Carlqvist attended specialize in?
Engineering and Technology
When was the band that put out Under the Sign of Hell formed?
1992
Darth Bane: Rule of Two, the sequel to a novel, is part of the "Star Wars" expanded universe, the novel centers on the young apprentice Darth Zannah, is a member of which major antagonists in the space opera setting of "Star Wars", and are depicted as an ancient monastic and academic kraterocratic organization of preternaturally-gifted warriors driven by an agenda of galactic domination and revenge against their forebears, the selfless, knightly Jedi?
Sith
 The 1971 Masters Tournament was the 35th Masters Tournament, held April 8–11 at Augusta National Golf Club, located in Augusta, in which US state?
Georgia
What actor starred in Rango and McHale's Navy?
Tim Conway
Corato railway station is in the southern Italian region bordering which sea to its east?
Adriatic Sea
Are A Goofy Movie and Nikki, Wild Dog of the North both Disney features?
yes
Which company based in Stockton, California, participates in the Labels for Education marketing program?
Diamond Foods
The founder of the religious organization that established the Tama-Re village began founding Black Muslim groups in New York in what year?
1967
Orden Satany was the album produced by the leader of which band?
The Flowers
what nationality is the man that discovered the NGC 5879 galaxy? 
British
Who is this American rapper, songwriter, record producer, model, and actress from Brooklyn, New York, who worked with DJ Tomekk's on a song that scored Top 10 hit list in Germany along with her other songs?
Lil' Kim
Which of the people replaced by Blake McIver Ewing was born in August 25, 1982?
Benjamin Diskin
When did the campaign of political  repression that Mikhail Demichev was arrested during occur?
from 1936 to 1938
Who specializes in horror movies, Rob Schneider or Christophe Gans?
Christophe Gans
The Missionary is a 1982 British comedy film starring Maggie Smith and an actor that was a member of what comedy group?
Monty Python
What year was the original member of N.W.A. who founded the record label Villain born? 
1969
Richard Gasquet and Andrea Hlaváčková were both born in the summer of 1986. Which tennis player is older?
Richard Gasquet
Ashley Force Hood, a former Top Fuel drag racer, drives what type of drag car that is known for its tilt-up bodies?
Funny Car
Who was born first Dan Jacobs or Mel Tormé?
Mel Tormé
Octavia Lenora Spencer, is an American actress and author, Spencer has received acclaim for her work in Zootopia, released in which year, an American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures?
2016
What Dr. Who episode was based on a short story written by Moffat entitled "'What I Did on My Christmas Holidays' By Sally Sparrow" included a Weeping Angel?
Blink
Who co-wrote Half the Sky with American journalist Nicholas Kristof?
Sheryl WuDunn
In which war did Operation Undertone, a large assault by the US and French Armies and the Battle of Mindanao, fought by the US and allied Filipino guerrillas take place?
World War II
Who was the director of the 2009 British-American war parody comedy film starring the actor who won an Academy Award for Best Actor for midlife crisis-themed drama "American Beauty"?
Grant Heslov
Mr. Wong, Detective is a 1938 American crime film directed by William Nigh and starring who, was an English actor who was primarily known for his typecast roles in horror films that depicted the characters Frankenstein and the Mummy?
Boris Karloff
What remove psychiatric hospital is a game by J.T. Petty focused on?
Mount Massive Asylum
Georgia Tech's fight song contains a reference to a rivalry that dates back to what year?
1893
What river separates the bourough where Edgar Wood designed his home?
The River Mersey
"Chocolate" is a song by English rock band The 1975 featured in a teaser for a film directed by who ?
Juliette Towhidi
What political party did James Madison's second Vice President belong to?
Democratic-Republican
The Mincome experiment occurred during which number prime minister?
15th
The 2015 New York Jets season began with the team being coached by which former player who spent 8 years in the NFL as a safety?
Todd Robert Bowles
Mircea Chivu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, located in Reșița, Romania, the stadium is named after Mircea Chivu, the father of which Romanian soccer player?
Cristian Chivu
The 2014 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team represents Texas Tech University in the 2014 college baseball season, the Red Raiders play home games at which home stadium, nicknamed "The Law", in Lubbock, Texas?
Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park
The college that Amherst Lord Jeffs represent was founded in what year?
1821
Who is the director of the 1994 Tamil film which has the soundtrack Kadhalan, featuring 9 songs composed by an Indian composer, singer-songwriter, and philanthropist born as A. S. Dileep Kumar?
Shankar
In the 2010 census what was the population of the County where Roxbury High School is located ?
492,276
Both Isaac Slade and Elizabeth Fraser shared song writing and what other position in their respective bands or solo acts?
vocalist
Who directed the 1964 American Psychological thriller film featuring the actress of "Endora" on the TV Show Bewitched? 
Robert Aldrich
The singer of "Sweet Creature" was a member of what boy band?
One Direction
Blue Ridge was release by Jonathon Edwards and what American bluegrass band from Bethesda, Maryland?
The Seldom Scene
This American cooking-themed series presentor currently co-hosts a show with who?
Bobby Flay
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Hosty Duo is based?
110,925
What man born as Billy Powel leader of the Seminole in Florida, was of mix parentage including an ethnic group in Ireland, found mostly in the Ulster region and to a lesser extent in the rest of Ireland?
Osceola
NanoScale Corporation was founded to develop properties of a university with a main campus in what Kansas city?
Manhattan
Radical translation is a thought experiment in "Word and Object", a major philosophical work from American philosopher Willard Van Orman Quine, in which year was the work made, in which Quine expands upon the line of thought of his earlier writings in "From a Logical Point of View" (1953), and reformulates some of his earlier arguments, such as his attack in "Two Dogmas of Empiricism" on the analytic-synthetic distinction?
1960
Eugene Isaac Meyer was the father of a publisher whose memoir won what in 1998?
Pulitzer Prize
Which of these cases established the idea of "informed consent" to medical procedures: Canterbury v. Spence or Obergefell v. Hodges?
Canterbury v. Spence
Which hospital is known to have more services out of Sibley Memorial Hospital and MedStar Georgetown University Hospital?
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital
How do you say the month of March in Anglo-Saxon?
Rheda
When was the operator of the Outerbridge Crossing established?
1921
Who manufactures the beverage that has commercials with A.C. Murall Mohan?
GlaxoSmithKline
Guy Pedroncini wrote the biography of this man, who ranks as France's oldest head of state?
Philippe Pétain
What English actor who played the role of Q in James Bond films held a supporting role in The Danish Girl?
Ben Whishaw
W. B. Yeats and Halldór Laxness, share which literary type history?
poetry
Both Janggi and Isola are board-based strategy games; however, which game is played on a 9x10 gameboard similar to Chinese Chess?
Janggi
What name was the director of Batman XXX: A Porn Parody given at birth?
Alessandro Re
Are both Roberto Devereux and King Priam operas?
yes
When was the American cartoonist who created Greg Heffley in Diary of a Wimpy Kid born? 
February 19, 1971
Are Leucocoryne and Anopterus both plants?
yes
Murshidabad Medical College and Hospital is a medical institution based in what country?
India
Fringe was a series that included the American actor known for playing what part in "The Wire"?
Cedric Daniels
Princess Eilonwy, is a fictional character in Lloyd Alexander's "The Chronicles of Prydain", she also appears  in four of the five novels in the series, as well as Disney's 1985 animated film adaptation of which 1985 American animated dark fantasy adventure film?
The Black Cauldron
What is the title of the book co-written by this biologist and author known for "Higher Superstition" (1994) on the origins of intelligent design? 
Creationism's Trojan Horse
Who is Australia's current assistant Minister for Immigration and Border Protection, and a Liberal MP for north-west Sydney?
Alex Hawke
Who is older, Benjamin Grahm or Irving Kahn?
Benjamin Graham
In which town was the 1987 American drama film Ironweed, shot on location that featured a 400 acre pastoral cemetery?
Colonie, New York
Stephan Ratchford plays for the rugby team that has its home matches at which stadium?
Halliwell Jones Stadium
Joseph Darlinton served as a politicaion in in Ohio, which is part of what post-American Revolutionary war area?
Northwest Territory
What is the name of the area in Santa Clara County in California which is known for being a center for technology with a significant gender gap between the number of men and women employed?
Silicon Valley
What is the birth name of Ryan Lewis's partner on "This Unruly Mess I've Made"?
Benjamin Hammond Haggerty
When did the company whose President and Chief Executive Officer is Leslie Moonves began trading on the NYSE?
January 3, 2006
Who was the choreographer for the IP Man movie that's theme focuses on "Life" itself?
Yuen Woo-ping
What actor first achieved success onstage at the Royal National Theatre and starred in Strange Days? 
Ralph Fiennes
What is the nationality of the engineer who used to smoke Everest cigarettes while working with the Beatles on "Abbey Road"?
English
Which American rock band is from New Mexico Circa Survive or The Shins?
The Shins
What is the middle name of the coach of UMass Minutemen basketball team in the 1992-93 season ?
Vincent
what does Sarasota–Bradenton International Airport and Lake Charles Regional Airport have in common?
airport
What dramatic work does Eugene Onegin and Il trovatore have in common?
opera
Who performed at Wigmore Hall and is regarded as one of the best lyric baritones of the 20th Century?
Thomas Allen
What was a landmark case regarding the practice of zoning and property rights, Arizona v. United States or Dolan v. City of Tigard ?
Dolan v. City of Tigard
What medal did Sharon Steward win at the 1990 Commonwealth Games?
bronze medal
One of the musicals John Cullum won Best Leading Actor in a Musical for was a screwball comedy. What was the name of the other?
Shenandoah
Sparks Fly was a song written before which first published Taylor Swift song?
Tim McGraw
What do the films "Giuliani Time" and "Life After People" have in common?
documentary film
What American nonsectarian university awards degrees to Kepler graduates in Rwanda?
Southern New Hampshire University
Which city covers nearly 350 square miles and held the 2013 NASCAR Sprint Cup?
Fort Worth, Texas
Which Olympic ski jumper is a stunt jumping world record holder for jumping over 6 buses and demonstrated the ski jump on a British television series?
Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards
The Smart Formore and the car codenamed X204 are what kind of cars?
SUV
Henry Purcell and Paul Hindemith, have which occupation in common?
composer
The film "August Rush" both stars actor Freddie Highmore and concludes with a major instrumental composition under what name? 
"August's Rhapsody"
What is the name of this American rock band from Nashville, Tennessee that worked with Ben Grosse to mix and produce some of its albums?
Red
Which genus is found in open or mountainous habitats, Solenopsis or Origanum?
Origanum
John le Carré worked for a UK service bound by what?
Security Service Act 1989
What is the nationality of the woman who performed "A Message to Your Heart" at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1991?
British
Do John Carl Buechler and Mikhail Romm share the same nationality?
no
Which singer is from South Korea, Seo Min-woo or John Mayer?
Seo Min-woo
What year was the romantic comedy filmed starring a Primetime Emmy Award winner for her work on the "The Handmaid's Tale"?
2009
Is it true that both Lionel Barrymore and Carlos Reygadas are famous for their roles in "A Christmas Carol"?
no
The Murder at Cherry Hill occurred in 1827 near Albany, New York, when John Whipple was shot and killed at Cherry Hill, a historic house located on South Pearl Street (New York State Route 32) in Albany, New York, in which country?
United States
Wanaka Airport no longer has scheduled commercial flights, with Air New Zealand, a company based in what city, having ceased flights to the airport in 2013?
Auckland
What number president was the person who was supported by Deadheads for Obama?
44th
Are both Weifang and Nyingchi prefecture-level cities?
yes
The Dr. Wesley Blaisdell House is located in the hamlet on what route?
Route 144
Lars Kristinus Larsen is the founder of the largest Danish retailer operating internationally with stores in how many countries?
41
Are Gao Xingjian and Henry James both famous authors? 
yes
What was the 1977 debut album of the singer who named her tour the "Hide Your Heart Tour?"
The World Starts Tonight
Who was inspired by the 2005 computer animated short film ''9'' to produce the film ''9'' in 2009 directed by Shane Acker?
Tim Burton
one of the stars of Sioux City Sue was the voice actor for which movie 
The Walt Disney Company,
Gerald Bernard Huth, was an American football guard in which sports organization, for three teams, including the Minnesota Vikings, an American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota?
National Football League
What type of church did this American author found who claimed the ideas of Dianetics originated in the 1920s and 1930s?
Church of Scientology
What were the group of four perpetrators convicted for the crimes depicted in Il mostro di Firenze known as?
the picknick comarades
The Blackburn Rovers F.C. striker from Bayern Munich is a Paraguayan footballer and the the sixth Paraguay national team player to reach what?
100 appearances
The Church of St. Martin in Landshut is a medieval church in the German city located in the state of Bavaria, it is also the 2nd tallest brick structure in the world (after Anaconda Smelter Stack), made without steel supports, the Anaconda Smelter Stack is a brick smoke stack, once part of the smelter of which organization, at Anaconda, Montana in the United States?
Anaconda Copper Mining Company
Which of the dancers that Troy Kinney worked with introduce eastern ideas into the art?
Ruth St. Denis
A felid hybrid is any of a number of hybrid between various species of the cat family, Felidae, there are no known hybrids between the "Neofelis", Neofelis is a genus comprising two extant felid species, from which location?
Southeast Asia
When was the singer of Paper or Plastic born?
July 20, 1989
Where was the location of the first settlement in this province in which Phillip Calvert was a Governor?
St. Mary's City
Which was formerly known as something else, Women's Running or Playgirl?
Women's Running
In the 1994 American animated musical film The Lion King, Jonathan Taylor Thomas was featured as the voice of what character?
Simba
Batkid is the superhero name of Miles Scott, an American child and cancer survivor, his wish was to be "Batkid", a sidekick of which eponymous fictional comic book superhero, appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, and the subject of books, radio, television, and films?
Batman
Which of the following directed over 50 films from 1921 to 1946 including The Power and the Glory: William K. Howard or Chantal Akerman?
William K. Howard
South Australia's smallest electorate is the home of what football club?
Sturt Football Club
Which choir collaborated on a mix tape that was produced among others by the group The Social Experiment and that featured the song "Angels"?
Chicago Children's Choir
Which film starring Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, and others, spawned a series of short films from 1998 to 1993?
Who Framed Roger Rabbit
What is the birthdate of this American musician, who sings with Alice in Chains on the album A Looking in View?
September 6, 1967
In which city is this luxury hotel, casino, and spa resort located where the concert Johnny Mathis: Wonderful, Wonderful! was recorded?
Atlantic City, New Jersey
Did Skin and Laura Stoica both sing?
yes
The birthplace of Bernhard Cathrinus Pauss is the capital of which county in Norway?
Buskerud
The 2012–13 FC Bayern Munich season was the 114th season in the club's history and the 48th consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, since the promotion of the team from the Regionalliga Süd in 1965, before the start of the season, Bayern signed which Brazilian professional footballer who plays for French Ligue 1 club Nice, commonly known as who?
Dante
Kim Yeong-cheol had a role as a gngster boss in a 2005 South Korean gangster action drama film that was written by Kim Jee-woon, and starred who?
Lee Byung-hun
The Forde Inquiry was an inquiry into child abuse in a state bordered by the Coral Sea and what ocean?
Pacific Ocean
What is the real name of the musician who released the album "Actor" ?
Anne Erin "Annie" Clark
In which year was the composer of Choir of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge born?
1970
55 Hudson Yards and 1221 Avenue of the Americas are both locataed in which New York City?
Manhattan
The music program "Yesterday" was named after a song from what Beatles album?
Help!
Who was born in 28 September 1957 and held the position of The Minister of State for Policing, Fire and Criminal Justice?
Michael Alan Penning
In what year was the actress and comedian who starred with Sandra Bullock, Ryan Reynolds, Mary Steenburgen, and Craig T. Nelson in the film "The Proposal" born?
1922
Lawrence D. Cohen's Carrie:The Musical is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel, which centers around a socially awkward teenage girl with what newly discovered powers?
telekinetic powers
Pylon and Bullet for My Valentine, is what type of musical organization?
band
What city does Chelsea Walls and Hotel Chelsea have in common?
New York City
Which group released the album Good Morning Vietnam 2: The Golden Triangle which features samples from the film "American Gangster"?
MF Grimm & Drasar Monumental
Did the movies The Castaway Cowboy and The Straight Story come out in the same year?
no
Which opera has more acts, Les Huguenots or Eugene Onegin?
Les Huguenots
In 2016, Dave Allen took on a Cuban boxer with what nickname?
"The Real King Kong"
What is the annual revenue of the corporation which owns Rio Secco Golf Club?
$8.6 billion
are Richard Yates and Ernest J. Gaines both Americans ?
yes
What modern Japanese martial art was developed by Morihei Ueshiba, often referred to as"the founder" "Kaiso" or "Ōsensei"?
Aikido
Which two halls of fame were both Walter Payton and Mike Ditka members of?
College Football (1986) and Pro Football Hall of Fame (1988)
Skylar Grey (formerly Holly Brook), co-wrote three versions of what song that was later recorded by American rapper Eminem?
Love the Way You Lie
During United States Senate election in Michigan, 2012, the Republican party nominated this politician who represented Michigan's which district from in 1995?
Michigan's 2nd congressional district
Who made more movies after 1939, Albert Ray or Melvin Frank?
Melvin Frank
Darleen Carr has two sisters, one is Shannon Farnon, the other was best known for her role in the 1965 film version of what?
The Sound of Music
Grundy NewBrain and Bally Astrocade, are types of electronics?
yes
"I Want It' is the debut single released by a singer that went to what college?
NEW College
What division did the USNA's football team play in during 1976?
NCAA Division I
What is the full name of the tract that gave rise to the words quoted in the title of the British sitcom Upstart Crow?
Greenes, Groats-worth of Witte, bought with a million of Repentance
Who was the Chicago Bear's coach that was also the head coach of the University of Pittsburgh football team from 2005 to 2010?
Dave Wannstedt
Who was the husband of the the English novelist whose work provided the basis for a series of films which includes Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man?
Percy Bysshe Shelley
What camp, started by the United States War Department was used as a military training facility and a detention for American citizens of Japanese descent located in New York?
Camp Upton
Which 1972 skating competition included a skater who won in the 1976 Olympics?
1972 Prague Skate
The global investment firm that Bernardo Hees is a partner with was founded in what year?
2004
WHAT ADVENTURE THEME PARK HAS AN AREA THEMED AFTER A FILM PRODUCED BY PIXAR ANIMATION?
Disney California Adventure
Where was the biggest department store which IBM Printer Model 4 headquartered? 
Madrid
What type of schools are both Carre's Grammar School and Kesteven and Sleaford High School?
selective
The Pacifier was directed by what American film director who was a judge on seasons 3-10 of the television program "So You Think You Can Dance"?
Adam Michael Shankman
Which university offers more types of degrees, the University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore or California State University, Sacramento?
California State University, Sacramento
Choi Seung-hyun composed the song Doom Dada with who?
Choice37
Lechenaultia and Corokia, are native to which country?
Australia
Who is the senior minister at the Department of Rural and Community Development for the cabinet that exercises executive authority in the Republic of Ireland?
Minister for Rural and Community Development
Which charismatic Jewish American mobster created the Cohen crime family in the early 1930s? 
Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel
What kind of institution does NOHA and Erasmus Programme have in common?
University
The album which has "Something in the Way" and is Nirvana's first album to Dave Grohl was released on what date?
September 24, 1991
Who was the host of the show that featured Lodune Sincaid?
Willa Ford
"911 / Mr. Lonely" is a song by American rapper Tyler, The Creator, it was released on June 30, 2017, as the lead singles from his fourth studio album "Flower Boy", by which American rapper?
Tyler, The Creator
What 1993 Disney movie starring Elijah Wood was based on a Mark Twain novel?
The Adventures of Huck Finn
Edward Arthur Seykota earned a S.B. degree in Electrical Engineering from a univeristy located in what city?
Cambridge
which American football coach led USC Trojans football team
Lane Monte Kiffin
A large tributary of the Clearwater River flows within a forest with how many acres?
1.587 million
Is the Nipponanthemum or Graptopetalum native to Japan?
Nipponanthemum
When was the Russian librettist whose work was used in the opera Dubrovsky born?
13 May [O.S. 1 May] 1850
Fabiola Jeimmy Tahíz Aburto  represented Guatemala at a pageant where how many contestants competed for the crown?
80
The country that has the Guéréda Airport is bordered to the north by which country?
Libya
The Pahute Mesa's southeast region lies in what was formerly known as what?
Nevada Proving Grounds
Tom Brown's Schooldays is a 1971 television serial adaptation of a novel by an author who died in waht year?
1896
When did the artist of "Rock 'n' Roll Million Sellers" success begin to wane?
the second half of the 1960s
What former Miss Massachusetts book was made into a made-for-TV film?
Lisa Kleypas
Which American television series that ran from 1984 until 1987 did Gina Gallego contribute to?
Airwolf
Mary Young Pickersgill was the creator of the flag that flew during the battle in which the US and British forces met at what location?
North Point
Darin Adler was a developer of the game engine that ran which point-and-click adventure?
Déjà Vu
Who was born first Virginia Ruano Pascual or Jelena Janković?
Virginia Ruano Pascual
Which diseases, commonly spread by oral, anal, and vaginal intercourse, are not discussed in Ugandan abstinence-only sex education?
Sexually transmitted infections
Are Takahiro Moriuchi and Doug Pinnick from the same country?
no
 Sarah Harris Fayerweather attended the boarding school run by which Rhode Island schoolteacher?
Prudence Crandall
Which American restaurant chain and international franchise founded in 1958 that Baiada Poultry is a provider of?
Pizza Hut
Which star of The Bad Batch is born in 1992?
Suki Waterhouse
Was Brave New Films founded by Robert Greenwald or Alexander Kluge, a German author and film director?
Robert Greenwald
Now That's What I Call Music! 56, is the 56th edition of the "Now!" series in the United States, it features which song by Taylor Swift featuring Kendrick Lamar, from her fifth studio album "1989" (2014)?
Bad Blood
When was the order to which Bertrand de Blanchefort was the sixth Grand Master founded? 
1119
Where does the the Trinity College Quirks sung with a collegiate a cappella singing group established at Yale University?
Infinity Hall
Which director, James Frawley or Craig Schlattman, best known for his Independent features, "At Ground Zero" starring Thomas Jane?
Craig Schlattman
Which film had more producers, Khoobsurat or The Shaggy D.A.?
Khoobsurat
Which actress does Hot in Cleveland star who was nominated for Emmy Awards and Golden Globe Awards for her role Daphne Moon on the television sitcom "Frasier?"
Jane Leeves
Nick Garcia played soccer for which Major League Soccer team as a member of the Eastern Conference?
Toronto FC
In which place did the poker player from a village in Nassau County, New York finish at the 2009 World Series of Poker Main Event?
fourth place
Mount Cardigan is a prominent bare-rock summit in the towns of Orange and Alexandria, a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, in which country?
United States
Nikolai Chebotaryov and Dmitri Egorov, have which occupation?
mathematician
What is the seating capacity of the stadium in which The 1988 Soviet Cup Final football match that took place?
81,000 seats
Which genus has more species Ramonda or Gaylussacia?
Gaylussacia
What movie did James Newton Howard work on that starred both Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Connelly?
Blood Diamond
Which Mexican Mafia gang originated in Los Angeles, California, US in the 1980s?
MS-13
Are both Madagascar and Daphniphyllum flowering plant species?
no
What NFL team did the "Nigerian Nightmare" and California Sports Hall of Fame founder play for?
Kansas City Chiefs
The person who finished third in the 1984 World's Strongest Man was born on what date?
23 August 1949
What award was given to John Green's first novel, published in March 2005 by Dutton Juvenile,that in 2014 a film adaptation opened at number one at the box office?
2006 Printz Award
Paperon Intelligence Agency (acronym: P.I.A.) is an ongoing storyline in the Italian Donald Duck pocket books, in the storyline, Scrooge McDuck ("Paperon de' Paperoni") is the chief of an intelligence agency named after him, the fictional character created in 1947 by who?
Carl Barks
A Miser Brothers' Christmas was based on some of the characters from a stop motion spcieal based on a book by who?
Phyllis McGinley
The Australian actor and singer "Uli Latukefu" appeared on which Australian mockumentary television series starring comedian Chris Lilley?
Jonah from Tonga
Blue Panorama destinations are served by Blu-Express and another airline based in what city? 
Fiumicino
Black Madam reportedly performed buttocks injections on which American model and actress? 
Amber Rose
The person who came to Črnuče as manager in 1994 was born on what date?
27 May 1947
The Bear is the second of the two operas by William Walton, the libretto was based on which play of the same title, by Anton Chekhov?
The Bear: A Joke in One Act
Holiday Special, is the third episode in the twenty-first season of which American animated television series, premiered on Comedy Central ?
South Park
The Presbytère is an architecturally important building in the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana which stands facing what  National Historic Landmark?
Jackson Square
Are Josh Franceschi and Park Subin both singers?
yes
Louis Litif was murdered after running afoul of a mob boss who led what organization?
Winter Hill Gang
Rua Santos Minho is a small street in Póvoa de Varzim city center, in which country, that's officially the Portuguese Republic?
Portugal
Are both G. K. Chesterton and Jorge Amado from the same country?
no
Who co-wrote a song with an American singer, produces and politician with a wife named Cher?
Jack Nitzsche
What striker and Paraguayan footballer, achieved 38 goals in a single year, during the 2009 Torneo Apertura?
Lucas Barrios
Which director was born first, Barbet Schroeder or Charles Band?
Barbet Schroeder
Where did the Navy Reserve Unit that is headquartered at Port Hueneme, CA get its nickname?
first initials "C.B." from the words Construction Battalion
In what year was the cultural theorist who described Raphael Samuel as "one of the most outstanding, original intellectuals of his generation" born?
1932
What kind of teaching does How I Got Over and Mahalia Jackson have in common?
Gospel
Jean-Jacques Favier and Klaus-Dietrich Flade, both flew in space as which occupation ?
astronaut
What German rally and auto racing driver, born on March 7, 1947 was beaten at the World Rally Championship while attempting to defend his title as World Champion?
Walter Röhrl
Grinderman and DIIV, are bands of which mutual genre?
rock
Who has released more studio albums Sum 41 or Nude?
Nude
Which film company produced the movie "Pixels," starring Matthew Lintz?
Columbia Pictures
What androgynous model is also a song writer and record producer who's work makes up the 1998 anthology Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions?
Grace Jones
As well as the Bangles hit Eternal Flame, Frank Filipetti was producer of "Lick It Up," the eleventh album by which rock band?
Kiss
Was Brachyscome or Pontederia named in honor of an Italian botanist?
Pontederia
What band formed in Houston, Texas had early experimentation in synthesizer backing on certain tracks?
ZZ Top
This 2014 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film is a sequel to a film that was co-written and executive produced by who?
John Lasseter
What kind of cheese can people who have the decreased ability to digest lactose eat?
Vegan cheese
When was the club other than Norwich City and Chester who Gerard Patrick Mannion played for founded?
1877
What mexican Grand Prix driver finished ahead of Reine Wisell in Wisell's first grand prix?
Pedro Rodríguez de la Vega
Mark Frith has been a writer and editor for magazines such as "Smash Hits", "Time Out" and which other magazine?
"Heat"
What is the nationality of the female reporter in "I Never Knew That About Britain"?
British
Did both Roger Christian and Joe D'Amato make films?
yes
What long-disctance trail that is part of the Neusiok Trail?
Mountains-to-Sea Trail
Who was born earlier, Ramón del Valle-Inclán or Robert Caro
Ramón María del Valle-Inclán
Which novel was based on a man who was interviewed for Criminal Mindscape?
Hunter
Which documentary is older, This Is Elvis or Capturing the Friedmans?
This Is Elvis
Slime Season 2 is a mixtape by American rapper Young Thug, Jeffery Lamar Williams (born August 16, 1991), best known professionally as Young Thug, is an American hip hop artist from Georgia, in which city?
Atlanta
What film that Hoi Sang Lee was in was directed by Gordon Liu?
Shaolin and Wu Tang
Untamed was the debut album by the singer-songwriter who began her career writing songs for which artist?
Miley Cyrus
The Senator and founder of lobbying firm, Park Strategies, has a federal courthouse named after him located where? 
New York
Who was this American microbiologist who specialized in vaccinology that contributed to the development of the immunization vaccine against measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR vaccine)?
Maurice Hilleman
 Luce Hall is located at the Navy base located in what Rhode Island town?
Middletown
What character does Alexis Knapp play in the series of movies about Barden University's singing group, Pitch Perfect?
Stacie Conrad
What is the Filipino name of the university which Jai Reyes attended?
Pamantasang Ateneo de Manila
What was the name of the character, voiced by Asami Imai, that appeared in the survival horror, adventure, and dōjin soft video game series originally created by Makoto Kedōin and released in 1996?
Ayumi Shinozaki
are David Trainer and Ishmael Bernal both television directors ?
yes
Which writer was born first, Bernard-Marie Koltès or Pablo Neruda?
Pablo Neruda
What film was Nicole Beharie in that had a rating of NC-17?
Shame
When was the creator of the series that premiered on March 28, 2015 following the 2015 Kids' Choice Awards born?
October 17, 1972
On the coast of what ocean is the birthplace of Diogal Sakho?
Atlantic
Who directed a 2016 American romantic comedy-drama that casts features the daughter of English musician Phil Collins?
Warren Beatty
Which Canadian mine was a goldmine, out of the Kemess Mine in British Columbia and Ontario's Temagami-Lorrain Mine?
Kemess Mine
Frederick Wiseman and William Malone, have which mutual occupation?
filmmaker
How many miles is the interstate that includes the southern terminus of U.S. Route 73?
424
There is a recurring theme in two American comic books published by Marvel Comics. One has a character Doctor Minerva while the other has a character Rauul. What name do these two comics have in common?
Kree
What genre of films are both Outfoxed and Transparent?
documentary
Which is the larger dog breed, Lakeland Terrier or Schapendoes?
Schapendoes
What cityt did Samuel Clucas study in while playing during the end of the 2008-09 season?
City of Lincoln, England.
Are both magazines, the Woman's Viewpoint and Pick Me Up, British publications?
no
The North African Campaign is featured in what specific series in Combat Mission: Africa Korps?
Combat Mission series
Who was the linguist who expanded on languages initially developed by the author of "The Hobbit"?
David I. Salo
Singer Annette Snell died in a airplane crash during a forced landing on a highway in what state?
Georgia
Who was born first Sarah Waters or Saki?
Saki
When did the web series featuring Emily Meade air its final episode? 
January 22, 2014
Which Grade I listed building in Dorset, England was designed by the same designer as Blenheim Palace and Castle Howard? 
Eastbury House
Which star of the 2009 documentary "Love the Beast" gained celebrity status through appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show?"
Phil McGraw
In 2011 what was the population of the area in which Clarendon Street Junction tram stop is located ?
11,235
How long is the course of the road race that Bob Hodges won in 1979 ?
7.46 mi long.
What year was the book released that was based on the 1873 murders on one of the Isles of Shoals in Maine?
1997
Who caught a last second touchdown pass for the Michigan Wolverines thrown by a quarterback who played for the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Mario Manningham
What research group was formed in 2014 due to Russia's suspension?
The G7 Research Group
Which advocate for Bitcoin is also an executive with Lemon Wallet?
Wences Casares
After the retirement of the first of the American teen-series fighters, the predecessor to the VFA-101 was deactivated in what year?
2005
Hesk Fell,a hill in the south-west of the English Lake District, has a view of a mountain located in what National Park?
Lake District National Park
Who directed Watchmen and 300?
Zack Snyder
Which artist's fourth studio album featured guest vocals from Anna Lotterud?
Tyler, The Creator
Which Italian poet served as a teacher to the Archduchess of Austria?
Giovanni Claudio Pasquini
When was the actor for Donna's daughter, Sophie, in Mamma Mia, born?
born December 3, 1985
Does Perry Henzell or Kathryn Bigelow do more than just direct movies? 
Kathryn Ann Bigelow
Which genus of plants has a larger range, Fritillaria or Teucrium?
Teucrium
Whose son's death brought titles to Edward III's most trusted captain?
Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster
The single that DVLP produced in 2013 premiered on what Internet platform?
YouTube
What American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army has attended events at the Southern Center for International Studies? 
Colin Powell
 John Buchan and D. H. Lawrence were both what?
novelist
what was the population of the town where the Greek Revival Church on Maine State Route 231 is located in 2010?
5,542
Allan McKay was the visual effects supervisor for a 2012 movie about an airline pilot that stared what actor?
Denzel Washington
What comedy film, written and directed by Garth Jennings,  did Jules Sitruk have a role in?
Son of Rambow
"Touch Too Much" is the fourth track on an album by a band that hails from which country?
Australia
What do both Norwegian Lundehund and Kerry Blue Terrier have in coman
dog breed
Tom Baher-Jones published in which scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group?
Nature Photonics
Who owns the 222 acre park in the city 7 mi west of downtown Portland?
Tualatin Hills Park and Recreation District
The 2003 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University (LSU) during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season, LSU was invited to play the Oklahoma Sooners in which  BCS title game for the 2003 college football season, was played on January 4, 2004 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana?
2004 Nokia Sugar Bowl
Fort Pickering is a 17th-century historic fort site on Winter Island in Salem, Massachusetts, it served as a fortification from which series of conflicts fought, on one side, by the Dutch States (the Dutch Republic, later the Batavian Republic) and, on the other side, first by England (the Commonwealth of England and then the Kingdom of England), and later by the Kingdom of Great Britain/the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
Anglo-Dutch wars
Between Peter Carey and E. B. White, which author wrote more diverse literature?
Elwyn Brooks "E. B." White
Which was introduced first, Acura CL or Acura TL?
Acura TL
Which Malaysian-Australian producer co-produced the American supernatural horror film "Annabelle"?
James Wan
Which star of the 1981 Clash of the Titans passed away on 11 July 1989 ?
Laurence Olivier
Are Hrafn Gunnlaugsson and Lo Wei both film directors ?
yes
What was the population, in 2010, of the town that has Pillsbury Memorial Hall as it's town hall
1,837
Were directors Kenneth Branagh and Anthony Asquith from the same country?
no
Claude Nicollier and André Kuipers were both astronauts of which space agency?
ESA
Richard Jason Satawk "R. J." Harris, is a United States Army National Guard warrant officer, politician, law student and former Air Traffic Controller, in 2010, he unsuccessfully challenged which incumbent Republican, for the Republican Party nomination in the primary election for Oklahoma's 4th congressional district?
Thomas Jeffery Cole
Princess Frederica Dorothea "Louise" Philippine of Prussia, was a member of the House of Hohenzollern, and was a niece of which King of Prussia from 1740 until 1786, the longest reign of any Hohenzollern king?
Frederick the Great
Which of the following airports can be accessed from Fairbanks via the Elliot and Dalton highways: Deadhorse Airport or Evansville Regional Airport?
Deadhorse Airport
In what year was the author of the single-player adventure gamebook published by Puffin Books in 1984 and republished by Wizard Books in 2002 born?
1949
Which university is considered a public research university, Columbia University of Virginia Commonwealth University?
Virginia Commonwealth University
What distinction was awarded to the Indian Carnatic vocalist, musician, multi-instrumentalist and composer when he won the National Award for a Kannada language film based on the life and teachings of the founder of the Tattvavada philosophy, Madhvacharya?
Best Music Director
Indra, is a Vedic deity in Hinduism, a guardian deity in Buddhism, and the king of first heaven called "Saudharmakalpa" in Jainism, his mythologies and powers are similar, to those of the Indo-European deities such as which sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus?
Zeus
In which country does the Coop supermarket group also operate a mobile network, called CoopVoce?
Italy
Joseph Marcell is best known for his portrayal of a butler that lived in where?
West Philadelphia
What word used is used to classify a group or family of related living organisms; two examples being Clytostoma from tropical America and Syneilesis from East Asia?
genus
Which European breed of dog is smaller, Bedlington Terrier or Transylvanian Hound?
Bedlington Terrier
William Friedkin, is an American film director, producer and screenwriter, his other films include Bug, released in which year, an American-German independent psychological horror film directed by William Friedkin?
2006
What group did the composer of Pictures at an Exhibition belong to?
The Five
The Vernita Bridge is a bridge in the Hanford Reach National Monument near which mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex , on Washington State Route 24 over the Columbia River?
Hanford Site
Josephine Griffin appeared in what 1956 film based on the book of the same name
The Man Who Never Was
Leslie Casson was professor of English Language and Medieval Literature at a university founded in which year ?
1829
Are Ashesi University and All Nations University located in the same nation?
yes
What was the name of the group of British colonies that the Tilden family originated from?
Thirteen Colonies
"Jimmy Choo" is a song, for the upcoming album "King Zoo" by Willie Maxwell II, an American rapper, better known by his stage name Fetty Wap, born in which year?
1991
"Finest Worksong" is the third and final single, released from American alternative rock band R.E.M., and its fifth studio album, released on September 1, 1987?
Document
How large is the Lake Isabella State Forest, as compared to the 1090000 acre wilderness area where it is located?
638 acre
What was the politician's position that was in the biography Percy Jackson wrote?
Prime Minister
Michael Foale and Dirk Frimout are both what type of physicist?
astrophysicist
Which game is patterned after another game, Solarquest and The London Game?
SolarQuest
This U.S. state's oldest school, Berwick Academy, overlooks the Salmon Falls River which forms part of the state border with New Hampshire. Name the state.
Maine
Who has a wider scope of profession, Marco Martins or Kamal Haasan?
Kamal Haasan
Adam Valdez worked on the 2012 sci-fi film directed by whom?
Andrew Stanton
"One Perfect Day" is a song written by Phillip Buckle, Paul van Dyk and an Australian opera singer and what?
composer
When was the English-French actress, singer, songwriter, and model starred in Slogan born? 
14 December 1946
2007–08 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team was head coached by this American coach college basketball coach and former player who was born in what year?
1975
On what date was Gulfstream Pictures first film released in the United States?
January 17, 2014
May Gorslin Preston Slosson died in what Michigan county?
Washtenaw County
Millet is a French-based company, specializing in outdoor equipment such as backpacks and sleeping bags, owned by which organization, their earning comparisons to United States-based companies such as Columbia Sportswear and Timberland LLC, an American manufacturer and retailer of outdoors wear, with a focus on footwear?
Lafuma
What president did the chairman of the Commission on Protecting and Reducing Government Secrecy serve as an advisor to?
Richard Nixon
Are Rice and Adonis both types of plant?
yes
Are  André Cayatte and William Dieterle of different nationalities?
yes
Bentfield Bury is near which historic market town?
Bishop's Stortford
What is the name of the business which is partially funded by the government and has a locations in Yemassee, South Carolina?
Amtrak
Where does the English drummer who works with an artist born on 16 January 1959 reside?
London
In which city is the headquarters of the parent company of WesCEF ?
Perth
Charles P. Crane Generating Station has a 16-MWe oil-fired combustion engine, which is called what?
gas turbine
What do Linqing and Luzhou have in common?
city
George Walker was an English footballer, who played for which professional football club based in Selhurst, London?
Crystal Palace Football Club
What occupation do Beth Gibbons and Han Seung-yeon share?
singer
Harry Brown starred what English actor who was born in Derby and trained at the Central Junior Television Workshop?
Jack O'Connell
In which state did Joan Horvath work for sixteen years?
California
Liaoyuan and Mingguang, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
What country of origin does Lewis & Clark and Gabe Kaplan have in common?
American
What is the name of the character who is followed in the Netflix series in which James Callis is the voice of Alucard?  
Trevor Belmont
A State of Michigan licensed Professional Engineer created a plug-in hybrid car. What is the name of that car?
Chevrolet Volt
What is the capital city of the Mexican state that has the municipal seat Ímuris?
Hermosillo
Which star from The Hunt for Red October was born in 1931 ?
James Earl Jones
What singer made appearances during Keith Urban's Ripcord World Tour who also the winner of the  fourth season of "American Idol"?
Carrie Underwood
To which President of the United States did the Federal Council of Negro Affairs serve as public policy advisors while also being known as the Black Cabinet; a term coined by an American educator, stateswoman, philanthropist and civil rights activist Mary McLeod Bethune?
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Who was one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school, William Walton or Carl Maria von Weber?
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber
Best was a film that portrayed which Man United winger?
George Best
James Wolk is an American actor in a drama series based on a novel by who?
James Patterson and Michael Ledwidge
"Robbers" is a song by the eponymous English rock band The 1975, released as the sixth single, on which date?
26 May 2014
Which state has 29 distinct types of liquor licenses and 48 operating wineries?
New Jersey
What power ballad by the British-American rock band Foreigner was also in the Agent Provocateur album?
"I Want to Know What Love Is"
What census-designated place straddles Gallatin and Madison counties, and was home to the Moonlight Basin ski resort?
Big Sky
The creator of character John Constantine, born in 1955, also worked on what comic? 
Swamp Thing
"Sing for the Moment" is a song by American rapper Eminem from his fourth album, the song samples which 1973 song, by the American hard rock band Aerosmith?
Dream On
In what district of California was the writer of "Baby ____ Go" a congressman?
44th district
Mandalay Resort Group (formerly Circus Circus Enterprises) was a hotel-casino operator based in Paradise, Nevada, one of its major properties included which hotel, 123928 sqft casino, and RV park located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada?
Circus Circus Las Vegas
Rudolf and Frosty's Christmas in July contained the character Frost the Snowman. In what year did the character Frost the Snowman first appear on television?
1969
Do the bands Peter Bjorn and John and Shihad both play indie pop?
no
What form of armored heavy cavalry used in ancient warfare did Grivpanvar fought?
Cataphract
The 2007–08 Fulham F.C. season ended with what present Crystal Palace manager running the team?
Roy Hodgson
Are Bear Hands and You Am I from the same country?
no
Louis Marshall supported a public statement issued by the British government during which war?
World War I
FM broadcasting began at the station of which inventor, who won the first Medal of Honor by what is now the IEEE?
Edwin Howard Armstrong
What is an Indian banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai, has a Chairperson that is a former deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India?
HDFC
Which member of metal band Cradle of Filth wrote a book documenting the history of the band?
Dani Filth
Robb Report and Men's Journal are both forms of what?
lifestyle magazine
The Russian ironclad Ne Tron Menia sunk in what event that was also known as the Leningrad Blockade that started on September 8th, 1941?
Siege of Leningrad
Does Southwest Airlines operate out of both Sacramento International Airport and Bishop International Airport?
yes
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo, it starred which American actor, comedian, magician, and singer, known primarily for his comedy roles on television, and his dramatic and musical stage roles?
Neil Patrick Harris
What move did Liev Schreiber appear in immediately prior to Jakob the Liar?
"Phantoms" (1998)
What American Civil War General in the Union Army was compared to a character created by Shakespeare?
Orville Elias Babcock
What is the population of American glamour model and actress, Deanna Brooks, hometown?
15,023
Which city's name means Elm Tree, Bengbu or Yushu, Jilin? 
Yushu
When did the battle occur for which William Johnstone Milne received the Victoria Cross?
9 to 12 April 1917
Disney's The Little Mermaid is an American animated television series produced by which organization, some of the voice actors of the film reprise their roles in the series, among them who, an American actress, voice actress and comedian?
Walt Disney Television Animation
Where were the most basic classification categories of cultivated plants governed by the ICNCP developed?
China
The It Came From Canada Archive was an online archive of rare, long-lost, and relatively unknown Canadian music, created by Beau Levitt and Kevin McGowan, is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Mets, of which organization?
Major League Baseball (MLB)
Which US Supreme Court Case occurred first, Gravel v. United States or Schenck v. United States?
Schenck v. United States
Parrallel and Snowflake are EP's of what girl group? 
GFriend
Barscobe Castle used stone taken from a castle in what Scottish river?
Dee
What television salesperson represented iCan Benefit from May 2008 until June 2009?
Billy Mays
Where is the Pyramid of Tirana, designed by Pirro Vaso, located?
located in Tirana, Albania.
Which American superhero film written by Alvin Sargent is ignored in the creation of Spider-Man: The New Animated Series?
Spider-Man 2
WEZR-FM hosts an adult contemporary format of radio that is from the most central city in what Maine county?
Androscoggin
Which botanist published the most popular botany book of his time?
John Gerard
The 2001 Colorado Buffaloes football team played in the playoff game that was first played during what stretch of years?
1996 until 2010
Which character did Richard Burbage play that is derived from the legend of Leir of Britain?
King Lear
When was the man that Niels Andreas Vibe served as chamberlain for born?
18 September 1786
The Greatest Love Songs of All Time was released by the artist who was performing a residency show at the casino in what Nevada city?
Paradise
During what season of Europe's secondary club football tournament was the  2017 UEFA Europa League Final, where Manchester United finished in sixth place?
46th season
Which band members remained in the band Devil Wears Prada after their "Dead Throne US Tour"?
Mike Hranica (vocals, additional guitar), Jeremy DePoyster (rhythm guitar, vocals), Kyle Sipress (lead guitar, backing vocals), and Andy Trick (bass)
Which amusement park corporation based in the United States bought Movieland Wax Museum
Six Flags
What type of profession does Physikalische Zeitschrift and Peter Debye have in common?
physicist
What  is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, American musician Kanye West and English musician/former Beatles member Paul McCartney, that was followed by  a trap song and represents a notable musical departure from the previous single?
FourFiveSeconds
Which plant has more species, Achimenes or Bearberry?
Achimenes
What do Rian Johnson and Jean Renoir have in common?
film director
Which screenwriter is French, Roger Vadim or Robert Z. Leonard?
Roger Vadim Plemiannikov
Which star of "Not Like Everyone Else" was also in "Drunk History"?
Alia Shawkat
What song by 2 Chainz was produced by Thomas Wesley Pentz?
Netflix
Brian A. Miller was in charge of production for the animated series created by which marine biologist?
Stephen Hillenburg
Eldon P. Wyman was an ensign on the USS Oklahoma when the Japanese attacked what lagoon harbor that is the headquarters of the United States Pacific Fleet?
Pearl Harbor
Evison Matafale was the founder and leader of a band whose genre was effectively named by a 1968 single by what band?
Toots and the Maytals
Who was born 29 August 1959 and is the former International Space Station Commander Colonel?
Chris Hadfield
Elsholtzia and Platycarya are both plants which are native to China but are they also both found in India?
no
Who wrote the song which was ahead of "After the Love Has Gone" on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart?
Berton Averre and Doug Fieger
Are the Air Force Institute of Technology and the University of Pécs both located in Hungary?
no
Are Dafne and The Rite of Spring both operas? 
no
Tiffany Williamson's finish in the 2005 WSOP was the highest by a female since another player, whose autobiography is called what?
"How I Raised, Folded, Bluffed, Flirted, Cursed, and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker"
Which writer was involved in the greatest number of fields not related to writing, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry or Bruce Jay Friedman?
Antoine Marie Jean-Baptiste Roger, comte de Saint-Exupéry
Which is the only national park located in Galicia, Spain: Timanfaya National Park or Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park
Who plays the primary antagonist in Kenneth Branagh's adaptation of Hamlet?
Derek Jacobi
The episode "Dunces and Dragons," also known as "Lost in Time," is the sixth episode of the series that takes place in what fictional underwater city?
Bikini Bottom
International University of Management is based in the capital of what?
Republic of Namibia
Cyperus and Anacampseros, are genus related?
yes
 Which coach of a Pac-12 Conference team was also head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team?
Mike Leach
Which cathedral was established or dedicated first, Chelmsford Cathedral or Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Portsmouth?
The Cathedral Church of St John the Evangelist
Who wrote "Old Grey Whistle Theft"?
Arthur Mathews and Graham Linehan
Which town was the director of the "Red Curtain Trilogy" born in?
Herons Creek
What trade agreement was ushered into Canada after the 1984 election by the new Prime Minister?
Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement
The Circus Burned Down and the Clowns Have Gone starred what Russian actor who won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 2003?
Nikolai Karachentsov
What event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship was the largest regulated professional MMA event?
UFC 129
Which of the film played at 58th Berlin International Film Festival starred Jack Black, Mos Def, Melonie Diaz, Danny Glover, Mia Farrow and Sigourney Weaver?
Be Kind Rewind
Were Mark Krein and Lev Pontryagin from the same country?
yes
 Filament and New York Woman are both what?
magazine
Mormon Tabernacle Choir & Friends had this artist also star in the television show "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend"?
Santino Fontana
Where does the American singer-songwriter, Vic Chessnutt, who features on an album of covers of Gram Parsons' songs, hail from?
Athens, Georgia
"I'm in Disgrace" is the opening track on the second side of which English rock band formed in Muswell Hill, North London,1975 concept album, "Schoolboys in Disgrace"?
The Kinks
Cross country running is a sport in which teams and individuals run a race on open-air courses over natural terrain such as?
dirt or grass
Are Lucie Šafářová and Pavel Složil both Czech tennis players?
yes
What ranking is based on team performance over 4 years and of which one Australia team is ranked 25th?
IIHF World Ranking
Who created the character in "The Closer" in which the actor also played in the movie "Mannequin"?
James Duff
Eileen Elizabeth Sheridan was known for her association with a firm headed by  English gangsters who were the foremost perpetrators of what in the East End of London?
organised crime
What is the name of the film director who directed a famous movie trilogy highlighting the classic film "Viridiana", that starred one of the actors in the Mexican comedy film "My Three Merry Widows"?
Luis Buñuel
What was the nationality of the semiotician who developed the Actantial model in 1966
French-Lithuanian
What decade that is type of Art Deco architecture that is the style of the Earle Micajah Winslow House emerge?
1930s
What was William T. Anderson the leader of in the Centralia Massacre?
pro-Confederate guerrilla leaders
Prince Floris Frederik Martijn of Orange-Nassau is the youngest son of a of the Dutch Royal House and currently eighth and last in the line of what?
succession to the throne
The Ocean Cleanup is a foundation founded by a man born in what year?
1994
Do Marie Fredriksson and Paul Stanley originate from the same country?
no
Humane Society International Australia is an offshoot of what organisation that also was identified as teh 136th largest charity in the United States by the "Chronicle of Philanthropy"?
The Humane Society of the United States
Carter Benedict received an Academy Award nomination in 2015 for a movie based on what romance novel?
"The Price of Salt"
The tomb of the Unknown confederate soldier is on the grounds of the post-war home of what former president of the Confederate States of america?
Jefferson Davis
What is the name of the musician who is a winner of four Academy Awards and also composed music for It's Always Fair Weather?
André Previn
Who described an actor in the movie King Ralph as "one of Britain's finest?"
David Lynch
Between 2010 and 2014, which stadium held the most seats for basketball in the Asian Games?
Guangzhou International Sports Arena
What Irvine, California band has Justin Francis directed music videos for?
Young the Giant
Benjamin Saunders (born April 13, 1983), is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Welterweight division of the UFC he was on fighting on Team Serra, Matthew John Serra (born June 2, 1974) is an American former professional mixed martial artist, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner who competed for the Ultimate Fighting Championship and which occupation?
stand up comic
Carl Weathers portrayed the character that held what title in the Rocky films?
undisputed heavyweight champion
Youthquake is the second album by the British pop group Dead or Alive, released in May 1985, the album was their commercial breakthrough in Europe and the United States, due to which lead single, which was the song was the first UK number-one hit by the Stock Aitken Waterman production trio?
You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)
The 21st Academy Awards features numerous firsts, it was the first time a non-Hollywood production won Best Picture, which 1948 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet"?
Hamlet
Marie Elizabeth de LaFite joined the service of the wife of which King of Great Britain?
King George III
Which British boxer eliminated Walid Sedik Mohamed in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Josh Kelly
Which Kiri Sings Karl vocalist was born in 1944 and is a New Zealand soprano?
Kiri Te Kanawa
Kerkbuurt, Schagen is a town in the Dutch province situated on what body of water?
North Sea
Players is a BBC Books original novel written by Terrance Dicks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", it features the Sixth Doctor and Peri meeting Winston Churchill during the Boer War and prior to the abdication of the would-be king Edward VIII, was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire, and Emperor of India, beginning on which date?
20 January 1936
Who directed Julia Stiles in the role that won the  MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance?
Gil Junger
Chal Pichchur Banate Hain had music by which Indian director?
Gaurav Dagaonkar
Which Curb Your Enthusiasm actor is the son of Harry Einstein?
Stewart Robert "Bob" Einstein
Who is the father of a Belizean rapper featured on the mixtape California Republic?
Dean Barrow
What type of profession does Sting and Marian Gold and have in common?
singer
Where does the highway end that starts south of Troy and goes through a New York town of 12,075 people?
Wynantskill
Thomas Kapatos, mobster who was murdered by someone hired by Anthony Salerno, was an enforcer to which NYC mobster?
Mickey Spillane
What was the population of the town in 2010 census which is located in the Grafton County and is connected to the communities of McIndoe Falls and Vermont by a dam formed by the McIndoes Reservoir?
788
Todo Cambio was remixed twice, with one featuring the boy band who recorded with what company?
Sony Music Latin
What other name is the Act from which tribes has been previously exempt under the The Curtis Act of 1898 known as?
Dawes Severalty Act of 1887
 Between the Battle of Pusan Perimeter and The Battle of Luzon which had the most combatants?
The Battle of Luzon
What Hamlet of Suffolk County, New York contains the Conscience Point National Wildlife Refuge?
North Sea
What was the character name, for an Emmy Award winning actress, in the movie "Five Minutes to Love?"
Poochie
William Bradley DuVall, s an American musician, best known as being the current co-vocalist and a rhythm guitarist for the alternative metal band Alice in Chains replacing original vocalist Layne Staley, and he appears on which fifth studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on May 28, 2013?
The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here
Who created the American action-comedy television series that aired on CBS from January 26, 1979, to February 8, 1985, that inspired the 1975 film, starring James Mitchum, about a Southern family that runs bootleg liquor?
Gy Waldron
Sean James, is a former American football player and activist who signed as a rookie free agent with the Minnesota Vikings, 2] Sean is the cousin of father and son Major League Baseball players Cecil Fielder and Prince Fielder, an American professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter, for which sports organization?
Texas Rangers
Prior to serving as a member of the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States from Mississippi, William S. Barry served as a member of which majority-black district in the state, covering much of western Mississippi?
Mississippi's 2nd congressional district
Where was the footballer, who scored the only goal in the final of the 2008 Toulon Tournament, born ? 
Argentine-born
What is the name of the band who has as members the rapper Heems and the actor who played Bodhi Rook in 'Rogue One'?
Swet Shop Boys
Which 1916 French document reinforces the belief that self-governed societies should be based on voluntary institutions?
Manifesto of the Sixteen
In regards to the director of the film from 2014 starring Jang Hyuk and Jo Bo-ah, when was he born?
June 17, 1960
What was the population of the community along the  circle of latitude that is 45 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane?
1,708
Are both Albert Brooks and Irving Cummings from the same country?
yes
The Centennial Olympic Stadium and the Georgia State Stadium are both located where?
Atlanta, Georgia
Which Roman emperor was regarded as the third of the Five Good Emperors but is know for killing Saint Thamel?
Hadrian
an actress who appeared in a film directed by Kenneth Lonergan featured in which television series?
Rectify
Mennonites are traditionally multilingual with which Low Prussian dialect of East Low German, with Dutch influence language was their first?
Plautdietsch
What is the original name of the organization that gave Pamela Franklin the award for Best Supporting Actress?
New York Board of Motion Picture Censorship
What album was released by a 1937-born American Tejano in 1976?
If You're Ever in Texas
Kenny Albert is the son of an American sportscaster who was honored for his work as a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame, and who is commonly referred to as what?
the voice of basketball
Kraft Foods Inc. was an American multinational confectionery, food and beverage conglomerate, 12 of its brands annually earned more than $1 billion worldwide, including which brand of chocolate confection which originated in Switzerland in 1901 and has been manufactured internationally by the US confectionery company Mondelēz International (formerly known as Kraft Foods) since 1990?
Milka
What sport do United Autosports and Zak Brown have in common?
racing
Which magazine was published in more countries: "Arthur's Lady's Home Magazine" or "Costume"?
Costume
Since when has the announcer of Mobility Pricing been a member of the Swiss Federal Council?
1 August 2006
What is the birth date of this entertainer, activist, and French Resistance agent, who adopted twelve orphans of different skin colors?
3 June 1906
What is the nationality of the actress featured in "Many Beautiful Things"?
English
Newbery Honor book "Ella Enchanted" written by Gail Carson Levine feature various mythical creatures such as these described as metaphysical, supernatural, or preternatural beings that appear in which folklore?
European
What 63 acre casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip employed Bob Scucci prior to his position with Boyd Gaming Corp?
Stardust Resort and Casino
Who announced the which trails were chosen by the American organization established by Executive Order 13072?
Rodney Slater
Jerry the Tyke also known as Jerry the Troublesome Tyke is a cartoon dog created during the silent film era, it's shown throughout British cinemas as part of Pathé News, was a producer of newsreels and documentaries from 1910 until 1970, in which country?
United Kingdom
Which author is a professor, Maxine Hong Kingston or Isabel Allende?
Maxine Hong Kingston
who is the producer of the fourth studio album by american rapper Danny Brown?
Paul White
The writer of the theme and pilot incidental music for Cimarron Strip also scored a 1962 epic historical drama film based on the life of who? 
T. E. Lawrence
Put Your Lights On is a single performed by Santana and what American rapper, singer, and songwriter, who is known for his solo song "What It's like"?
Everlast
Was the board game Java or Tikal published first?
Tikal
Who was Thomas Helveg's coach just before he helped win the 999 Serie A championship
Alberto Zaccheroni
Kryakutnoy allegedly invented the hot air balloon fifty years before a pair of brothers from what country?
France
In music, an ostinato, is a motif or phrase that persistently repeats in the same musical voice, usually at the same pitch, well-known ostinato-based pieces include both classical compositions such as Donna Summer, was an American singer, songwriter, and painter, and she gained prominence during the disco era of which late era?
1970s
What country are both Tánaiste and Frances Fitzgerald from?
Ireland
Renée Montagne succeeded which American broadcast journalist, a Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame?
Bob Edwards
What was the ethnic origin for the man whose philosophical work included The Phenomenology of Spirit?
German
The actor who played Bob Muldoon in "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" was born in what year?
1975
What New Orleans Pelicans player born in 1993 won the 2017 NBA All-Star Game MVP award?
Anthony Davis
The English actor, whose career has included roles on stage, television, and film, as well as starred in the 1997 comedy action film Masterminds, was born when?
born 13 July 1940
Codiaeum and Phygelius, are a type of what items?
plants
What communications officer was on the staff of a fleet admiral in the United States Navy?
John "Jack" Roland Redman
Nickajack Dam is one of nine dams on the Tennessee River owned and operated by which federally owned corporation in the United States created by congressional charter on May 18, 1933?
Tennessee Valley Authority
The Rebel Rousers was a film starring which American actress and author?
Diane Ladd
When was the Hozier album containing a song that reached #2 on the Irish Singles Chart released globally?
October 2014
Are Harry A. Pollard and Janez Lapajne both film directors?
yes
In what county is Lynda Blutreich's birthplace the largest city?
Essex County
What is the name of the country variety show hosted by the singer of "I Never Picked Cotton"?
"Hee Haw"
Kevin Smith was a member of a team that defeated what American Football Conference champions?
New England Patriots
What year was the historian and author who maintained the Helmshore Mills Textile Museum knighted?
1987
Which was founded first, Columbia University or George Washington University?
Columbia University
Robert Henderson was an English former professional footballer, played 10 matches in the Football League for Burnley before moving to non-league side Clitheroe F.C., an English football club based in Clitheroe, Lancashire, officially called?
Clitheroe Football Club
What year did the actor who played Wojo on Barney Miller star in a Joseph Sargent film?
1992
Chenango Canal and Texas Irrigation Canals, are located in which country?
United States
Montfort Browne a British army officer who remained loyal to the British Crown during the American Revolutionary War commanded which loyalist regiment in American Revolutionary War?
Prince of Wales
In what year was the Canadian actor who starred with Shea Whigham and Jill Wagner in the film "Splinter" born?
1978
This journalist wrote Diary of a Chav and has her own weekly opinion column in The Independent.
Grace Dent
"Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" was co-written by a Gibraltarian singer who collaborated with Mike Hazlewood and John Bettis, and was born in what year?
1944
The Last Girl on Earth was the third concert tour by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, the tour visited Europe, Asia, North America and Australia to support her fourth studio album, which 2009 , and fourth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna, and released on November 20, 2009 by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records?
Rated R
How many Filmfare awards did the actress who starred in Chennai Express win?
three
Are The Lone Ranger and Kidnapped both movies?
yes
Where was the creator of the fictional character "Cogliostro" born?
Canadian-American
Which of these bands has had songs featured in several anime series, U2 or Flow?
Flow
Gathering Blue is a young adult-social science novel, written by which American writer credited with more than thirty children's books, and has won two Newbery Medals?
Lois Lowry
Sir Harry Donald Secombe appeared notably as Mr Buble in a 1968 British musical drama film directed by who?
Carol Reed
Edward Leslie Hamilton, billed as Ted Hamilton is an Australian singer, composer, playwright, entrepreneur and actor, and is possibly best known for playing the Pirate King in "The Pirate Movie", an Australian musical romantic comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Christopher Atkins and Kristy McNichol, released in which year?
1982
Who published the video game that features a Canadian Ice hockey centre and captain in the NHL?
EA Sports
Vladmir Filatov was able to save the eyesight of sniper Vasily Zaytsev during what battle?
Battle of Stalingrad
What type of media does Fabio Pignatelli and Suspiria have in common?
film
What is the max weight in Celes Kobayashi boxing division?
115 lb
Who directed the movie that Charlie Sheen started in two years after Hot Shots?
Stephen Herek
Brickleberry was co-produced by which American comedian and television host?
Daniel Dwight Tosh
The university of Phoenix was the host of what winning team on January 8,2007
Florida Gators
Which band was formed first, The Gandharvas or Galt Aureus?
The Gandharvas
What was James Chilton fleeing from?
religious persecution
What Japanese mixed martial artist worked for the Dream organization in many of their promoted MMA shows?
Kazushi Sakuraba
Who started Playing tennis first Mate Pavić or Andrés Gómez?
Andrés Gómez
Still Kicking and Casino Jack and the United States of Money, are which genre of films?
documentary
Matt Alan Veach (born May 31, 1981) is an American mixed martial arts fighter, known for his 3 fight stint in the UFC, including his "Fight of the Night" performance against which former UFC Lightweight Champion, who's the  American mixed martial artist who competes as a Featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and is a former UFC Lightweight Champion, born on October 16, 1981?
Frank James Edgar
Which is the only religious building created by the Italian architect and painter of the High Renaissance who was born in 1483?
The Chigi Chapel
Which band was formed first Blur or The Zutons ?
Blur
Zombie Night starred the Actress who was on which CBS sitcom?
Two and a Half Men
What is the population of the town where RBx Capital, LP is located? 
1,567,872
Who was married to Michael Aris and was the first woman to serve as Minister for Foreign Affairs, for the President's Office, for electric Power and Energy, and for Education?
Aung San Suu Kyi
What was the final studio album of Prince that Tony M. and his band reunited as a backing band for?
"Hit n Run Phase Two"
Kellas, Moray is a village that gave its name to a feline that was first discovered in what year?
1984
What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a 1993 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Johnny Depp, and which American actress, in which she played the title character's housebound mother?
Darlene Cates
Were James Lee Burke and William Faulkner from the same country?
yes
For how many seasons did the series in which Courtney Thorne-Smith played Lyndsey McElroy run ?
twelve seasons
John McCrea and Les Claypool are musicians both from which country?
American
What islands have an area about 1400 km2 and is located 228 miles north west of Lerwick?
Faroe Islands
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement and Underdog, are films of which nationality?
American
What role is the actor who starred with Glynn Turman in J.D.'s Revenge best known for?
Gunnery Sergeant Emil Foley
Where was the office at which CKAC was located situated? 
Downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Which State's fish was discovered at the base of Colter Falls?
Montana
Severus Snape becomes a double-agent in the secret organization founded by whom?
Albus Dumbledore
Where were both Barbajada and Panettone from?
Milan
J. Bruce Llewellyn bought a majority share in the Philadelphia Coca-Cola Bottling Company, in part, along with the basketball player who went by what nickname?
Dr. J
Thomas Aikenhead was a Scottish student from what a city that is the capital of Scotland, and is one of how many council areas?
32
Codorus Navigation and Holyoke Canal System, are based in the United States?
yes
What number of U.S. Navy Vessel held the USS Hopping after Lieutenant Commander Hallsted L. Hopping was killed in action? 
seventh
Are both Béla Tarr and Peter Szewczyk cinematographers? 
no
Are both Telomian and Mudi examples of dog breed?
yes
In what year did the group who made up the Nashville String Band with Chet Atkins win a Grammy award?
1959
When did the show in which Rayane Bensetti won the fifth season first air?
February 12, 2011
What star of The Children's Hour  was inducted into the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame?
Audrey Hepburn
What compilation box set by Pink Floyd comes with a 60-page artwork booklet designed by an English graphic designer and music video director born 28 February 1944?
Pink Floyd: Discovery
Which american comedian starred in Seize the Day and has a son named Ben?
Jerry Stiller
The Web was a 1947 film that starred the actor who was known for starring in what genre of films?
horror
Kellie Pickler is the self-titled second studio album by the American country artist, Since the albums' release, three more singles have charted; including which song, written and performed by American country artist Kellie Pickler, and co-written by Taylor Swift, at number 9?
Best Days of Your Life
Which movie came out first, 51 Birch Street or Man on Wire?
51 Birch Street
What Minnesota county is Husky Stadium located in?
Stearns County
When did Morrissey release a cover version of a song from the singer whose debut album was Horses?
2005
What film starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher was written by an American screenwriter best known as the writer of "The Wedding Date"?
What Happens in Vegas
Was Flubber or The Sorcerer's Apprentice released first?
Flubber
Minot is an unincorporated community located in northern Sunflower County, and is approximately how many miles north of Parchman, also known as Parchman Farm, Mississippi State Penitentiary (MSP), a prison farm, the oldest prison, and the only maximum security prison for men in the state of Mississippi?
2
This character appeared in comics published by Marvel, one of his adversaries were Flag-Smasher and was created by Rob Liefeld. Who was the other creatore of this character?
Fabian Nicieza
Which department store was founded in Birmingham, Alabama?
Saks, Inc.
Which film did Eileen Heckart star in three years before The Bad Seed?
"Picnic"
The footballer who plays as a defender for the Wellington Phoenix A-League made his professional debut against Melbourne City FC, located where?
Victoria
What non-fiction books has the author who has written books about the loyalist paramilitary Michael Stone and Special Air Service founder who During the course of the Second World War he became one of the British Army's most highly decorated soldiers?
the Troubles
How long ago did the the species associated with KNM ER 1805 live?
2.1 and 1.5 million years ago
One type of shop that sells butter pies had how many shops in the UK in the 1930s?
35,000
Which novel was the opera at which Artyom Melikhov has his first appearance based?
"War and Peace"
Which magazine was founded first The Progressive or Cosmopolitan ?
Cosmopolitan
Roshon Fegan and Camp Rock are associated with what major entertainment company?
Disney
In what year was the comedy starring Shane McDermott and an actor known for his role in "Bernie" released?
1993
The 2011 Copa del Rey was a specific type of rivalry, given this name to any match between which groups?
Real Madrid and FC Barcelona
Charles Francis "Frank" Keeney Jr. was a union organizer during a war between which two factions ?
between coal companies and miners
Paul C. Donnelly's first manned launch was that of the astronaut and businessman of what nationality?
American
Curse of the Faceless Man starred the actor who was of what nationality?
American
Out of the two members of Hi-Gate, which was voted the No. 1 DJ in the world in 1995?
Judge Jules
Which store founded in 1974 in Yorkshire is the primary focus of BBC One's Pound Shop Wars?
Poundworld
Of the two directors, István Szabó and Kenny Ortega, who is known for directing opera?
István Szabó
What structure does Proctor, North Carolina and Fontana Lake have in common?
Fontana Dam
Love Story was the lead single from what album that was released on November 11, 2008 by Big Machine Records?
Fearless
Which singer who made his debut with the single "Austin" also released "Drink on it" in 2012?
Blake Shelton
Are Paphiopedilum and Soleirolia both flowering plants?
no
Who lived longer, Nebraska poet James Emanuel or sci-fi author Philip K. Dick?
James Emanuel
When was the writer of "In This Life" born?
May 24, 1947
This "Walking Dead" episode appeared in the season that won a third consecutive Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series at the 41st Saturn Awards.
Remember
Ron Burgess worked as a miner before joining which English football club?
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club
Originally born Seymour Kaufman, who helped create the musical revue Diamonds?
Cy Coleman
What city's famous architecture belonging to a Tiwa-speaking Native American tribe of Puebloan people inspired an abstract strategy game which is a competition to optimally place blocks in a constrained space?
Taos Pueblo
Todd Crag is a hill and a satellite peak of a hill located in the central part of where?
English Lake District
In which California city was the draft held in which Petter Granberg was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Los Angeles
Which son of Constantine II was crowned Prince AFTER the Greek monarchy was abolished in 1973?
Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece
What is the production focus of the company that went on to produce a hit show by following families of of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert?
natural history and documentary programmes.
The Bridger Trail, also known as the Bridger Road and Bridger Immigrant Road, was an overland route connecting the Oregon Trail to the gold fields of Montana, Gold was discovered in Virginia City, in 1863, Virginia City is a town in, and the county seat of which county in Montana, United States?
Madison County
Which Norwegian black metal band invited Attila Csihar from Tormentor to do vocals on their first full-length studio album?
Mayhem
Do both Pooh's Heffalump Movie and Pirates of the Caribbean contain Walt Disney elements?
yes
Marion railway station is located in a suburb of Adelaide founded as a rural village in what year ?
1838
Who is the British counterpart of the man who wrote "Semper Fidelis" in 1888?
Kenneth J. Alford
When was the first most searched personality on the internet, November 12–18, 2010, born?
9 January 1982
Dongxing, Guangxi and Xi'an District, Liaoyuan, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
Going for Broke is a 1984 album by Eddy Grant, it featured the U.S. hit "Romancing the Stone",was intended for the 1984 feature film of the same name, in fact was announced by Casey Kasem, Kasem was an American disc jockey, music historian, radio personality, voice actor, and actor, known for being the host of several music radio countdown programs, most notably for which program series?
American Top 40
The pansexual pride flag is used to increase visibility and recognition for people who may refer to theselves as what?
gender-blind
The actor that earned a Primetime Emmy Award Nomination in 1996 for his role on "Fraiser" appeared in what 1996 film based on William Shakespeare's "Richard III"? 
Looking for Richard
Chris Stewart plays for a professional ice hockey team that is the only Minneapolis-St. Paul area major professional sports league franchise to play in what city?
St. Paul
What type of vessel does USCGC Woodrush and SS Edmund Fitzgeraldhave in common?
ship
Nexus and Girlfriends are both what?
magazine
Peter Stuursma is an American, and head football coach, at which private, Christian liberal arts college in Holland, Michigan?
Hope College
Dorrington, Lincolnshire is situated 1.2 both south from Digby and north of the village that contains approximately how many dwellings?
2,200 dwellings
Which composer lived earliest: Giovanni Paisiello or Léo Delibes?
Giovanni Paisiello
Which film based on a novel written by Mary Hayley Bell in 1959, had cast member Ashley Lloyd?
Whistle Down the Wind
What popular kayaking spot is located in the capital and second largest city of the U.S. state of South Carolina?
Millrace Rapids
Parkes High School is located in a town with an urban population of 15,450 as of what date?
30 June 2016
Which former Italian footballer born in 1961 scored a goal against FC Barcelona in the final of the UEFA Champions League?
Daniele Massaro
What is the oldest Division I collegiate athletic conference at which the 1941 Wisconsin Badgers football team finished in fifth place?
the Big Ten Conference
The 2002 Rose Bowl, played on January 3, 2002, was a college football bowl game, which former American football wide receiver who played the majority of his career with the Houston Texans, were named the Rose Bowl Players of the Game? 
Andre Johnson
How? is a song from the album that was released after which first solo Lennon release?
John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band
Which is a type of flowering plant, Dieffenbachia or Encephalartos?
Dieffenbachia
What country does Stoughton & Stoughton and Mount Vernon, New York have in common?
United States
Judah Lewis, an American child actor, is known for his roles in the films Deliverance Creek, and this, a 2015 USA drama directed by Jean-Marc Vallée?
Demolition
Which is longer, Central Arizona Project or Augusta Canal?
Central Arizona Project
What was the birth name of the character that Silver Fox was a former love interest of?
James Howlett
What country has Bantu peoples and Coloureds?
Africa
Craig Rocastle is the cousin of a midfielder born in which year ?
1967
Lakeshore General Hospital is located in the 2nd-most populous province in Canada, which is?
Quebec
On what railway does the train service formerly called the "Adelaide Express" run?
Melbourne–Adelaide railway
Antique is based on the manga published in Japan by which company?
Shinshokan
Lucas Danial Till appeared in what 2013 British-American psychological thriller-drama film written by Wentworth Miller?
Stoker
The hit single "Crash" was on the soundtrack to the film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels that was released in what year?
1994
Breathing Your Love was taken into space by the Swedish astronaut who had what other job?
physicist
Which Kentucky town is larger, Gray or Corbin?
Corbin
Where is the home of the appointed Chief Justice during the case that involved Maryland attempting to impede operation of a branch of the Second Bank of the United States?
Richmond, Virginia
What hormone produced by both the adrenal glands and certain neurons is released by chromaffin cells?
Epinephrine
What years did the manager that was led by this coach for 6 straight seasons?
1978 to 1981
What is the name of the organisation responsible for hiring an attorney to represent the relatives of an individual who was shot dead by FBI agent Aaron McFarlane in May 2013?
the Council on American–Islamic Relations
Damien Lamont Wilkins (born January 11, 1980) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the NBA, he is the son of retired 13-year veteran of which organization, Gerald Bernard Wilkins,a retired American professional basketball player, a 6'6" (1.98 m) shooting guard/small forward?  
National Basketball Association
When did the venue of the The 29th Annual Kids' Choice Awards first open?
December 30, 1967
Deuce Bigalow is a character played by an alumn of what NBC sketch comedy series?
Saturday Night Live
The Man Who Sued God is a 2001 Australian comedy film starring Billy Connolly, a Scottish comedian, musician, presenter and actor from Glasgow, in which UK country?
Scotland
Larry Hunter was college basketball coach of what North Carolina university?
Western Carolina University
Which Belgian professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Belgium national team was said to have been treated by Mariana Kovacevic
Vincent Kompany
Who is more powerful than the Old Ones in the Palladium Books?
Vampire Intelligences,
Whom does the mixtape Inzombia recorded by Ahmad Balshe feature as guest appearances?
Jadakiss, Future, Nav, Young Thug, Zack, Ty Dolla Sign and Ashanti
What country is Showbox Mediaplex, distributor of the film "Wonderful Radio", based out of?
South Korea
What was the 2012 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot based on the 2002 Prix Femina winning novel of the same name?
Farewell, My Queen
Who is the daughter of the man who founded Sam's Club?
Alice Louise Walton
James the Deacon, died after 671, was a Roman deacon who accompanied Paulinus of York on his mission to where?
Northumbria
Where is the headquarters of the American multinational financial services corporation which appointed it's current CEO in November 2016?
New York City
Which football player coached by Paul Boudreau is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
Curtis Martin
On what record label was Little Richard's highest charting album released?
Specialty Records
How does Ahmed Mohammed Ali's assist the Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi?
is the media adviser to the Egyptian president
What did the Lichfield Cricket Club nickname itself after?
Lichfield Cathedral
What singer recorded the song "Go Now" before Denny Laine with Moody Blues?
Bessie Banks
Were Standing in the Shadows of Motown and Ring of Fire produced in the same year?
no
Were both Giuseppe Ungaretti and Aleister Crowley a poet?
yes
Valley Apparel LLC is a brand of clothing that consists of what type of casual jacket that was originally created for military pilots, and eventually became part of popular culture and apparel?
flight jacket
Who won more Grand Slam singles titles Li Na or Larisa Neiland?
Li Na
Are The Owl Service and Tokyo Police Club both bands?
yes
Mark Dixon was am offensive guard for what Florida AFC East Division team?
the Miami Dolphins
Which of the 1900 public parks in New York is the Grey Art Gallery located in? 
Washington Square Park
The National Government of 1935–1937 was formed by Stanley Baldwin on his reappointment as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom by King George V, he was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth, in June of which year?
1935
In cryptography, MAGENTA is a symmetric key block cipher developed fo a a German telecommunications company formed in what year?
1996
Which festival did Gary Moore perform in is held annually in Switzerland?
Montreux Jazz Festival
Which of the actors that starred is Irish?
Valene Kane
who had more fame as a solo artist, Jacoby Shaddix or John Waite
John Charles Waite
Which band was formed first, Monaco or Rise Against?
Monaco
Terence Harvey appeared in which 2001 American mystery horror film directed by the Hughes brothers?
From Hell
Amazon Prime Air is a cargo airline that contracts through ABX Air, Inc., formerly known as what, is a cargo airline headquartered at Wilmington Air Park near the City of Wilmington, Ohio, USA?
Airborne Express
What is the city where the The Circle of Oak and Mistletoe (O&M) resides named after?
the Onkaparinga River
did Heather Watson and Dick Crealy both play tennis at one point of their lives ?
yes
how is Damuqiao Road Station and FamilyMart related?
store
Stranger Things is an American science fiction-horror web television series created, written, directed and co-executive produced by the Duffer Brothers, the first season stars include Gaten Matarazzo, an American actor, who began his career on the Broadway stage as who, in "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert"?
Benjamin
Buffalo Springfield recorded a song in 1966 released on what record label?
Atco Records
Who was initially charged with first-degree attempted murderof an auto body shop owner's wife?
Amy Elizabeth Fisher
What is the publishing year of this children's book written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss, in which the featured characted was also part of a book "Horton Hatches the Egg"?
1954
Midway Studios Los Angeles is the video game franchise what originally developed Mortal Kombat in what year?
1992
Harris Teeter Supermarkets were originally known by what chain grocery stores known for their rooster logo?
Colonial Stores
Who directed Warrior, starring Tom Hardy, Joel Edgerton, and Jennifer Morrison?
Gavin O'Connor
What American biochemist is famous for writing "The Edge of Evolution"?
Michael Behe
The Challenge, is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network's two reality shows, "Real World" and "Road Rules", "The Challenge" is currently hosted by T. J. Lavin, is an American BMX rider and the host of MTV's "The Challenge" since its eleventh season, born on which date?
December 7, 1976
Who won India's first ever gold medal in wrestling at the Commonwealth Games in 2010, and is cousin to other international wrestlers and Commonwealth Games medalists as well?
Geeta Phogat
The older brother of Thomas Russell "Russ" Haas was born in what year?
1972
Linsanity is a documentary film about a basketball player for the NBA team?
Brooklyn Nets
Change is Now: Renewing America's Promise includes previously released tracks from an American hip hop recording artist who debuted in 1992 with what album?
Can I Borrow a Dollar?
The Dark Side: Secrets of the Sports Dopers was a documentary that accused the Green Bay Packers player of what position of using PEDs?
outside linebacker
What is the Ozark High School mascot thats synonymous with a derogatory term?
Hillbilly
What are both Redbook and Home Monthly?
magazine
One Big Hapa Family and Saigon, U.S.A. are both what?
documentary film
On what planet was a large rectangular outcrop that is composed mainly of sandstone first observed by an English astronomer born 1618?
Venus
What was the name of the book written by Hilda Neihardt's father that was based on the second cousin of the war chief Crazy Horse?
"Black Elk Speaks"
What was a brand of soda introduced by the Pepsi company in 2006 and discontinued in 2009, Cactus Cooler or Jazz ?
Diet Pepsi Jazz
McFadden's Flats stars an actress who won what award for her role in "The Grapes of Wrath"?
Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress
What record company first realeased the video by Rihanna on which Adam Ross is featured?
Def Jam Recordings
In what division is Nicolas Dalby competing in, in the American mixed martial arts organization which features the top-ranked fighters of the sport?
welterweight division
Are the libretto of Otello and Der Ring des Nibelungen in the same language?
no
Where was the singer-songwriter of the single "Un geste d'amour" born?
Jakarta
How long is the river that begins 40 mi southwest of the county seat of Beltrami County?
192 mi
The New Year Honours 1961 were appointments by many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries, which type of location is a sovereign state that is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations and shares the same person, currently Elizabeth II, as its head of state and reigning constitutional monarch, but retains a crown legally distinct from the other realms?
Commonwealth realm
Who directed the film in which Kate Vernon played Benny Hanson?
Howard Deutch
What example of a venue with strippers to provide adult entertainment could be found in what neighborhood in New York City?
Chelsea neighborhood
What historic province of Ireland is home to the 2017 Antrim Senior Football Championship and County Antrim?
Ulster
Are Macrozamia and Hypericum both flowering plants?
no
What is the surname of the only man other than Carlos Veri to have played in a World Cup, Olympic Games, Confederations Cup and continental championship final?
Creus
Talinum and Lathraea, are plants?
yes
Which is located in Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain) Teide National Park or Cabañeros National Park?
Teide National Park
 Alvord Wolff was an American football player who played for a private Jesuit university founded in what year?
1851
Are both Gülhane Park and Neve Shalom Synagogue located in Istanbul?
yes
What suburb of Salisbury has a population of 98,861 people?
City of Tea Tree Gully
Where is the brewery that Naoki Izumiya is the president of based in?
Tokyo, Japan
What was the population in 2010 of the census-designated place that Frank W. Springstead High School is located in?
98,621
What name was given to a lake due to the location of the Great Stone Face or the Profile?
Profile Lake
What is this city in the Thane District of Maharashtra state in Konkan division, which Saint Bartholomew is said to have visited to preach theChristian gospel? 
Kalyan
What genre is the 2016 film that Kim Eui-sung stars in, alongside Son Ye-jin?
thriller
What American businessman and entrepreneur, involved in the founding of three Fortune 500 corporations, founded the automotive retailer AutoNation in 1996?
Wayne Huizenga
Raymond Albert Patterson, Jr., was general manager of the NBA's Houston Rockets from 1972 to which year, among his most notable player acquisitions was Hakeem Abdul Olajuwon, a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player?
1990
Willie Almond played for what Lancashire-based football club?
Accrington Football Club
The USS Luiseno was named after the tribe of Native Americans with how many cultural/linguistic divisions?
four
Which breed of dog is most likely to appear at a dog show, the Polish Hunting Dog or the Irish Setter?
Irish Setter
Shaming of the Sun was a studio album by which folk rock music duo?
Indigo Girls
What year did the actress, who portrays Claire Temple in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, make her film debut?
1995
Which animal rights activist starred along side of John Forsythe's daughters on The John Forsythe Show?
Pamelyn Ferdin
A Parcel of Rogues featured the last surviving original member of the Dubliners, who was of what heritage?
Irish
Hamid Ali Khan belongs to which group as a part of Hindustani classical music?
Patiala gharana
Which comedian that starred in Comedy Central's "The Awkward Comedy Show" also starred in "Nerdland"?
Hannibal Buress
What 1937 magazine did "Bringing Up Baby" film star and one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men appear in?
"Collier's Weekly"
What is the name of the director and actor with success that led to work on a film which follows a group of friends who discover an alien invasion during an epic pub crawl?
Cal McCrystal
What French man did technical drawings of a buildings?
Charles-Louis Balzac
The Franck–Condon principle was postulated by which 1925 Nobel Physics Prize recipient?
James Franck
Who is the Daughter of Sheryl Gascoigne, former wife of a footballer?  
Bianca Gascoigne
Tarik Azzougarh conceptualized this album for which only one copy was made in 2015.
Once Upon a Time in Shaolin
What year was the American science-fiction comedy film, starring Tommy Swedlow and directed by Willard Huyck, released?
1986
Where is the company that made "Pinocchio" based?
Burbank, California
Esther Brunauer was targeted by the Senator who was from which state?
Wisconsin
The sponsor of the 2007 NRL season is Australia's largest what?
telecommunications company
In which year did this English lawyer and judge become a King's Counsel who reaffirmed Solle v Butcher?
1938
The Ozark School District's mascot is named after an often derogatory term for people who dwell in rural, mountainous areas of what country?
the United States
Nicolas Entel has produced music videos for a Haitian rapper who immigrated to the United States at which age?
nine
What professor of philosophy at Southeastern Louisiana University use Nick Matzke's research during the 2005 Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District trial?
Barbara Forrest
Which single by The Doors was a number one hit on the "Billboards" Hot 100 chart and was released in the same year as "The Crystal Ship"?
Light My Fire
Of what origin is the singer of the song "Galang"?
Sri Lankan Tamil origin
Are Buster Bloodvessel and Jonathan Davis both frontmen for their respective bands?
yes
In which year was the author of Clara S, musikalische Tragödie born?
1946
What was the nationality of the director of the film Paprika?
Italian
Bride of Chucky is a sequel to a movie directed by who?
Jack Bender
What position does the boyfriend of Shakira when she released El Dorado play?
centre-back
A measurement standards laboratory called the National Institute of Standards and Technology is located on what island in the state of Hawaii?
Kauai
Are Marianne Moore and Terry Pratchett both nationals of the same country ?
no
Who has had more roles in the film industry, D.W. Kann or Tom Shadyac?
D.W. Kann
what mutiny in India was thwarted by MI5(b) during World War I?
The February mutiny
what does Wardle, Greater Manchester and South Pennines have in common?
England
How many times did the star of the film  "Beau James" host the Academy Awards show ?
nineteen times
What is the year of the event that occured first, The Trials of Life was transmitted, or The Five Obstructions was produced?
1990
 “Now I Know, Don’t Be Scared” is the 76th episode of the ABC television series, "Desperate Housewives", an American television comedy-drama and mystery series created by who?
Marc Cherry
Puyo Puyo Fever 2, is a video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega, it was released as a sequel to the previous title, "Puyo Pop Fever", a puzzle video game, and is which number main installment in the "Puyo Puyo" puzzle game series?
fifth
Jo Durie and Kimberly Po, are both former what?
professional tennis player
Andreas Katsulas plays the villain Sykes in a film based on a 1960's tv series created by who?
Roy Huggins
Are both Langzhong and Fuling District located in China?
yes
What  team's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city's trolley streetcar network, who had a history wrote of it by an American sportswriter and biographer who  overed sports in New York for the "New York Sun" from 1915 to 1943?
Brooklyn Dodgers
Which brand, originally developed by Procter & Gamble, is now owned by a company headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States?
Pringles
Der Kirschgarten is based on the German translation of the play by the playwright of what nationality?
Russian
Was Robert Charles Heaton born in Canada or England?
England
The second studio album by American death metal band The Faceless, was inspired by a book by an author of what nationality?
English
What two states does the Androscoggin River and Akers pond touch?
Maine and New Hampshire
Which American actor that founded Thunderant.com stared in "Late Night" as the bandleader of the show's house band?
Fred Armisen
Wyatt Earp was the brother of which US marshal of Tombstone?
Virgil Walter Earp
Which artist recorded the song Jocelyn Flores on August 25, 2017?
XXXTentacion
Boston Custer was the youngest brother of which two-time Medal of Honor recipient?
Thomas Ward Custer
What star of "I Love Lucy" also starred in "DuBarry Was a Lady"?
Lucille Ball
Is Doñana National Park in Andalusia, southern Spain or Garajonay National Park in La Gomera, Canary Islands in Spain larger?
Doñana National Park
Where is the band that wrote the song "Luck", originally recorded for their debut extended play, "American Authors", based?
New York City
KCFO (970 AM) airs the show of an American historical theologian that has been described as what?
one of America's most influential evangelicals
Which city named the world's worst city for light pollution contains the area known as Mong Kok?
Hong Kong
The star player for which team in the 1951 Sugar Bowl went on to win the Heisman Trophy the next year?
Oklahoma Sooners
When a former broadcaster with ABC Sports returned to coaching, how many years was the team he started coaching with the National Football League?
59th
What area has become a popular tourist destination, maintained by the Maui Land & Pineapple Company?
Īʻ ao Valley
The Fate of the House of Habsburg, is a 1928 German silent drama film, it s based on the Mayerling incident, the series of events leading to the apparent murder–suicide of Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria, and his lover, Baroness Mary Vetsera, in which year?
1889
Which American singer and songwriter from The Bronx did Sam Martin do projects with?
Prince Royce
What two rivers does this small border town in the state of New South Wales Australia that is east of the town of McCabe Corner lie at the confluence of?
the Darling and the Murray
Who had more job titles, Harold Ramis or Robert Stevenson?
Harold Allen Ramis
What type of music is played by the band of which Dieter Meier is a manager and producer? 
Swiss electronic
When was the rapper on Lil B.I.G. Pac born?
June 11, 1997
Who restored then1824 constitution and was called "the man of Destiny"?
Antonio López de Santa Anna
An american engineer born February 14, 1859 observed a wheel as a student located where?
Troy, New York.
Who is younger, Max Cavalera or Jon Fratelli?
Jon Fratelli
Never a Dull Moment was a 1968 American comedy crime film from Walt Disney that starred American actor, comedian, singer, dancer, writer and producer, born when?
born December 13, 1925
Colin Milburn played for what team that was once governed by Marylebone Cricket Club?
England cricket team
What rifle is the basis for the the magazine-fed, gas-operated semi-automatic rifle designed to be manufactured with the extensive use of aluminum alloys and synthetic materials?
United States military M16 rifle
"Tatoue-moi" is the first song from a musical about the life of which composer ?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Sarah Weddington is an attorney who represented a plaintiff who later became an activist in what movement?
pro-life
Who starred in the American remake of the movie originally adapted from the novella "The Golden Egg" (1984) by Tim Krabbé? 
Jeff Bridges, Kiefer Sutherland, Nancy Travis and Sandra Bullock
In what year was "Deja Vu", the fourth single from Post Malone's debut album, released?
2016
To whom is the deep tone of this retired American sportscaster, who noted the final game of 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season was  the greatest game he'd ever seen, compared?
Edward R. Murrow
Who starred as secret-service agent Mike Banning in the film series Olympus Has Fallen and London Has Fallen?
Gerard Butler
What ended "Donnie Baseball"'s aspirations for a 1994 World Series?
player's strike
How many miles long is this major railway link between London and Edinburgh, in which The Swinton-Doncaster line is a short railway between Swinton Junction and Doncaster South Yorkshire?
393 mi
What character on family guy did the actor who played Moe Greene in The Godfather provide his voice for?
Bea Arthur
How many murder victims were found on a 1000 acre+ preserve located in Allenstown, New Hampshire?
four
Which magazine, launched in 1934 by the Communist Party, was known to publish work by Emil Draitser?
Partisan Review
What is the name of the seventh studio album that was made by the creator of "Amazing" and "Only You"?
Georgia Clay
Which not-for-profit laboratory is based in the same city as the aerospace focused software company, Intermetrics?
Intermetrics
Space Island One starred what English actress who is married to roy battersby
Judy Loe
What lake in the westernmost region of the state of New York had an authentic Mississippi River-style sternwheel steamboat operating on it?
Chautauqua Lake
In what year was the lead singer of the band that won the 2011 Battle of the Bands at the casino where the studio of WMOS is located born?
1985
When was it announced that Everton was fixed to play in the Premier League's 26th season?
14 June 2017
Anthophila abhasica is found in which country bounded on the west by the Black Sea?
Georgia
Imperfect Circles is an episode of the drama that was developed by whom?
Brian K. Vaughan
The first Chez Ntemba nightclub was founded in 1992 in a city located in which country ?
Zambia
What company owns Snowflake and has a minority ownership in Air Greenland?
SAS Group
In which region is the lake, found in Patagonia and shared by Argentina and Chile, located?
Aysén Region
Which Taylor Swift song which draws reference to fairytales won a Grammy Award?
White Horse
Who  is best known for being a housemate on MTV's reality show "Jersey Shore", who appeared on a dating coach on the E! Network original series, "Famously Single" ?
Paul DelVecchio
John Surratt was suspected in involvement of the assassination of what president who was killed in April 1865?
Abraham Lincoln
Which village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England, north of St Albans includes a 4 hectare Local Nature Reserve purchased from The Queen's College, Oxford?
Wheathampstead
Which film director was born in 1908 - Tex Avery or John G. Blystone?
Frederick Bean "Tex" Avery
What political affiliation of the president whose favorite painter was Porfirio Salinas?
Democrat
Who is the northwestern  neighbor of the country that boarders Iran on the northeast?
Kazakhstan
Of the Wall Street Tower and 55 Hudson Yards, which one will add 4,000,000 sq ft of space?
55 Hudson Yards
Grealeaf is a television series exexutive produced by the queen of what?
All Media
In what years did the coach of the 2001 Iowa Hawkeyes play college football?
from 1974 to 1976
Which singer is from Britain, Bill Steer or Adam Lazzara?
Bill Steer
The character "Storm" who was featured in the comic "Uncanny X-Force" first appeared in what comic, created by writer Len Wein and artist Dave Cockrum?
"Giant-Size X-Men" #1
Who was better known for their acting in film than for their work in theater, Amanda Lovejoy Street or Gene Saks?
Amanda Lovejoy Street
Jorge Dorado made is feature film directorial debut with "Mindscape", a psychological thriller film released in what year?
2013
The Missouri Tigers coached by gary pinkel played this team in 2010 insight bowl in tempe arizona?
Iowa Hawkeyes
Where is the classical music acadamy run by the corporate house, ITC Ltd. that an Indian classical singer of the Seniya and Banaras gharanas born on 8 May 1929 is associated with, located?
Kolkata, India
What year was the football team, in which Lacina Traoré is on loan from, founded?
1924
Which board game was introduced first, Junta or Squatter?
Squatter
A school district located in western Nassau County on Long Island, in New York State serves what hamlet with a population of 4,295 at the 2010 census?
Herricks
The Victor Diamond Mine is owned by the international corporation that operates in how many countries?
28
What American recording artist, actress and television personality born in Honolulu, Hawaii and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, was a part of the American girl group The Pussycat Dolls, who released their song When I Grow Up on June 3, 2008?
Nicole Scherzinger
What does the Irish name Rosaleen mean, which was popularized by Rosaline from Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet?
"little rose"
When did the senator who vacated a U.S. Senate seat which Thomas M. Davis considering a run for in 2008 serve as Secretary of the Navy?
1972 to 1974
Oranges & Lemons is the eleventh studio album by English band XTC, released in 1989, the name of the album came from the old English nursery rhyme,"Oranges and Lemons" is a traditional English nursery rhyme and singing game which refers to the bells of several churches, all within or close to the where?
City of London
Beneath the Dark is an American mystery-thriller film, released in which year, directed by Chad Feehan, and starring Chris Browning is an American television and film actor, known for character roles, specializing in more tough and rugged types?
2010
Chellis Glendinning worked alongside what Indian scholar?
Vandana Shiva
What earlier concept does the style of comedy that The War of the Roses employs correspond to?
gallows humor
Which was an alternative rock band, The Charlatans or Kitchens of Distinction?
Kitchens of Distinction
Which of the hosts on A-List Listings is not married to Neil Patrick Harris?
Catt Sadler
What ocean, intersected by the 30th Meridian, may also be an estuary of the Atlantic Ocean?
Arctic Ocean
Are both Hebi and Qingyang located in eastern Gansu province?
no
What is birth name of the author of the novel "Diamond Girl"?
Susan Eloise Spaeth
The 1990–91 U.C. Sampdoria season ended with which striker as the leading scorer?
Gianluca Vialli
Who is younger Rodney Jerkins or Ashanti? 
Ashanti
The murders of which police officers led to Dale Cregan being sentenced to life in prison?
Nicola Hughes and Fiona Bone
What state does Whitetop, Virginia and Virginia Creeper Trail have in common?
North Carolina
Peter E Murphy, is an American businessman and founder of Wentworth Capital Management, he was chief strategic officer of Disney and President, Strategy & Development of which American gaming corporation based in Paradise, Nevada that owns and operates over 50 casinos and hotels, and seven golf courses under several brands?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
Juan Jufré was the governor of the Argentine province that historially comprised which provinces?
San Juan, San Luis and Mendoza
Skin Game is a 1971 American independent comedy western starring James Garner and Louis Gossett, Jr., the supporting cast features Susan Clark, a Canadian actress, known for her movie roles such as which?
Coogan's Bluff
What is the name of this 2003 American psychological horror film directed by Mathieu Kassavitz that was edited by Yannick Kergoat?
Gothika
Rhett is the official costumed mascot of the Boston University (BU) and the Boston University Academy (BUA) Terriers, the often snarling, bi-pedal black and white Boston Terrier was later named after the male lead in Margaret Mitchell's "Gone with the Wind", because "No one loves Scarlett more than Rhett" referencing Rhett Butler's affection for which fictional character and the main protagonist in Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel "Gone with the Wind" and in the later film of the same name?
Scarlett O'Hara
Name the action role-playing video game developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PS4 which features the character Sylens whose voice and likeness was provided by American actor and musician Lance Reddick?
Horizon Zero Dawn
When was the American film and television actor born who was a Sansei and a star of  "Flower Drum Song" (1961)?
June 17, 1929
Which Supreme court ruling United States v. Wong Kim Ark or Wickard v. Filburn was made first ?
United States v. Wong Kim Ark
Diplomacy and Upwords, are which specific type of entertainment?
board game
The Ocean Cleanup was founded by a man who dropped out of what degree program?
Aerospace Engineering
Wa-na-ta was a chief of a tribe composed of two of the three main subcultures of what people?
Sioux
From which country hails Mysore Vasudevachar, the musician and composer of Carnatic music an example being Abheri, a Janya raga whose parent is Kharaharapriya?
Indian
Mille Dinesen is known for her role in which television series?
Rita
The Mindscape of Alan Moore is a 2003 documentary film which chronicles the life and work of Alan Moore, author of several acclaimed graphic novels, including V for Vendetta is a British graphic novel written by Alan Moore and illustrated by David Lloyd, published by which organization?
DC Comics
Between SL Green Realty and General Motors, which one operates more widely and broadly?
General Motors
When was the artist who released "Shadows Collide With People" born?
March 5, 1970
What is the nationality of the 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Championship MVP ?
Australian
Peep World is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Barry W. Blaustein, the cast includes which American actress, singer and author, and studied acting at Howard University and began her Hollywood career in guest-roles on several television shows before making her breakthrough in "Baby Boy" (2001)?
Taraji Penda Henson
Tamarindo is a flavor of a popular soft drink company owned by which company?
Novamex
Which of the actor starred in Killing Kennedy was born in March 17, 1964?
Rob Lowe
Which author published an account of the Hiroshima bombings, John Hersey or Mickey Spillane?
John Richard Hersey
What 17th-century colonial province was founded by the leader of a group of Walloon Huguenots who fled Europe due to religious persecutions?
New Netherland
Which Australian author and columnist is the author of the book on which Australian television series The Wrong Girlis based?
Zoë Foster Blake
What was the first professional short of the director of Daniel Deronda?
Painted Faces
Are University of Patras and Manhattan College both public universities?
no
Me and the Colonel was a film based on the play by the novelist of what nationality?
Austrian-Bohemian
Who was the showrunner for the Simpsons season with the episode spoofing Cape Fear?
David Mirkin
Where was the leader of a military raid in April 1862 in northern Georgia from?
Kentucky
How long is the highway Whitehorse/Cousins Airport was built to support as of 2012?
2232 km
The Eighth Happiness stars this actor, regarded as one of four what?
Heavenly Kings
What poker series held annually in Las Vegas is more prestigious than the Super Bowl of Poker?
World Series of Poker
Where are both Doris Lake Aerodrome and Nunavut territory located?
Canada
What is Arancha Gonzalez's role at the UN's International Trade Centre agency?
Executive Director
Oosterend, in the Island municipality of Texel, is located in what sea?
the Wadden Sea
What coal-powered thermal power station is in a town about 243 km north of Sydney.
Liddell Power Station
What country is the series, that Silvergate Media bought the rights to with "The World of Beatrix Potter", animated in?
Ireland
How many seats are there at the stadium hosting the football team coached by a man previously the offensive coordinator at the University of Oregon?
45,000
The fifteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" began airing on Comedy Central on April 27, 2011, what's the title of the fifteenth season finale of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 223rd episode of the series overall?
The Poor Kid
Are Lloyd Kaufman and Víctor Erice both film directors?
yes
This 1998 American supernatural comedy slasher film is a sequel to a film directed by who?
Jack Bender
Titanic Days is which English singer and songwriter's fourth studio album?
Kirsty Anna MacColl
What is the the "Billboard" 200 where "Vice Verses" debuted at number 8?
record chart ranking the 200 most popular music albums
What method of murder was used by English serial killer Graham Young whose life was portrayed in a 1995 black comedy film directed by Benjamin Ross?
poison
What was the name of the forerunner of the bolt-action rifle chambered for the 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge that was adopted on 21 June 1935 as the standard service rifle by the German "Wehrmacht"?
Mauser M1924
who has the highest pitch of voice Daryl Hall or Steven Tyler 
Steven Tyler
What year did the mountain known in Italian as "Monte Vesuvio", erupt?
79 AD
Which company has more employees, Becton Dickinson or American Airlines Group?
American Airlines Group
Who designed Tolbert Hall, the historic building on the campus of the University of Florida?
Guy Fulton
When was the  French racing driver who has  José Dolhem as a half brother born? 
26 March 1952
Are Meg Myers and a founding member of American rock band Wavves considered singer-songwriters?
yes
The village church of Derrybrien is dedicated to a fifth-century Romano-British Christian missionary known as what?
Apostle of Ireland
Rashad al-Shawwa was the Palestinian mayor of  a city that has been inhabited since what century?
15th
In what Minnesota county was Jeff Nielsen born?
Itasca County
Which was published first, Oceans or Don Quixote?
Don Quixote
What jobs do Leah Meyerhoff and Dee Rees share?
screenwriter and director
Euxoamorpha eschata is a moth found in a city situated on the southern shores of what?
Nahuel Huapi Lake
In 1991 Garvin Park and Bosse Field  was used by Columbia Pictures for game scenes in a movie directed by who?
Penny Marshall
What ghost train was located in 1962 World's Fair and the Seattle Center's Fun Forest?
Flight to Mars
What band did former a former member, who began her singing career in a girl group named Trinity Stone, who was well known for her vocals similar to an American pop singer and top-charting female vocalist of the late 1950s, belong to
Sugababes
The original Bausch & Lomb sunglass design is now marketed as a brand founded in what year?
1937
Deborah Lurie is best known for her score in what film based on the 2006 novel by Nicholas Sparks?
"Dear John"
Between the American Christian rock band, Daniel Amos, and English alternative rock quartet, Gene, which experimented with country rock?
Daniel Amos
 Zhang Jinghui is well known for his role as second and final Prime Minister of a puppet state located where?
Northeast China and Inner Mongolia
Which party game was first published in German, Time's Up! or Elfenland?
Elfenland
Who was served as Governor of Geurnsey and built the Tudor manor house in Sutton Place, Surrey?
Sir Richard Weston
Terry Swartzberg especially known for his work for the holocaust memorial project Stolpersteine, a cobblestone-size (10x10 cm ) concrete cube bearing a brass plate inscribed with the name and life dates of victims of what persecution?
Nazi
Samson Tam is the president of a football team founded in which year ?
1931
Who is directed a film set to be released August 3, 2018 starring the man who played Donald Pierce in Logan?
Shane Black
Killer Pad is a 2008 comedy/horror film directed by Robert Englund, best known for playing the infamous serial killer Freddy Krueger in what film series?
"Nightmare on Elm Street"
Which actor who won a Tony Award for his performance in "M. Butterfly", starred in the play "Face Value"?
B. D. Wong
What do Nikos Nikolaidis and Roy Ward Baker have in common?
director
In which reserve team of Sevilla Federico San Emeterio Díaz played as a central midfielder?
Sevilla Atlético
What cable and digital satellite TV network dedicated to kids broadcasts in Malta, Romania, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Croatia?
Nickelodeon
Rosamund Pike, star of Pride and Prejudice, appeared in which 2014 mystery thriller opposite Ben Affleck?
Gone Girl
Are Cate Shortland and S. Sylvan Simon both writers?
no
Are Ronnie Radke and Christopher Amott both guitarists?
yes
In which year was playback singer of "Mera Joota Hai Japani" born?
1923
When was was an English author, best known for his books about the teddy bear Winnie-the-Pooh only mystery novel published?
1922
Are Carl Wayne and Ken both singers and actors?
yes
What was the laboratory, in which Albert Attalla worked, named after ? 
Miami Indian burial mound.
Who contributed to more Disney films, Claire Keane or her father Glen Keane?
Glen Keane
Igor Țîgîrlaș plays football for a country that is bordered to the West by what country? 
Romania
What is the nationality of the nuclear physicist responsible for the book "Concepts of Physics"?
Indian
Amit Singhal is the former senior vice president of engineering at what company under CEO Travis Kalanick?
Uber
With which German–American biophysicist who helped launch the molecular biology research program in the late 1930s did Salvador Luria win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969? 
Max Delbrück
Lee Jae-han, also known as John H. Lee, is a South Korean film director and screenwriter, since his debut in 2000, he has made several box office successes such as which 2004 South Korean film based on the 2001 Japanese television drama "Pure Soul"?
A Moment to Remember
What was a branch of the Khalwatiyya order of Islamic mysticism founded by Sayyid Hasan Husameddin, with relations to the cousin and son-in-law of Muhammad?
Tasawwuf
Who created a sculpture two miles from Horse Thief Lake?
Gutzon Borglum
The Gooden Grant House is located in what bay in Maine? 
Penobscot Bay
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles stars what American actor and musician known for playing Cousin Oliver in "The Brady Bunch"
Robbie Rist
Did both Poe and Mobile delve into alternative-sounding music?
yes
Who is older, Alexander Razborov or Pyotr Novikov?
Pyotr Sergeyevich Novikov
When was the singer that recorded "Wait ’til My Bobby Gets Home" born?
July 26, 1941
While already serving a life sentence, Joseph Druce killed a Roman Catholic priest who had been assigned to parishes in what state?
Massachusetts
The president that inaugurated the Shirdi Airport previously held what position from 2015 to 2017?
Governor of Bihar
What is the name of the American Actress who serves as spokeswoman for Fashion for Relief?
Naomi Campbell
Where did the helicopter crash take place that killed Vic Morrow?
Valencia, Santa Clarita, California
Which airport is actually located within the boundaries of the city it serves, St. George Regional Airport or LaGuardia Airport?
LaGuardia Airport
Crazy Kind of Love is an American romantic comedy-drama film, based on the novel from which year, the film stars Virginia Madsen, an American actress and producer, and made her film debut in "Class", released in which year?
1983
"A Rickle in Time" is the first episode in which season, of the animated television series "Rick and Morty"?
second
What did Francesco Levato receive his MFA in at the college in Henniker, New Hampshire?
Poetry
Which guest backing vocalist in "Tear Down These Walls" was born in 1960?
Carroll Thompson
What moving starring Garvin Cross was set in the Bronx area of New York City, but filmed i ad around Vancouver, Canada?  
Rumble in the Bronx
Which film was produced first, Babes in Toyland or America's Heart and Soul?
Babes in Toyland
Which 1810 book mentioned Jeremias Friedrich Gülich?
Theory of Colours
Which Australian brand designer was responsible for the leading identity of the second-largest Australian ailine after Qantas?
Hans Hulsbosch
What is the name of the actress that has, since 2006, used a different name and has appeared in Ride Along 2?
Olivia Munn
What episode in the science-fiction series that is on Fox was the character David Robert Jones introduced?
the seventh episode
What is the real name of the rapper who made the album "The X-Filez, Vol. 1"?
Anarae Brown
What beer led ot the creation of Cream ale?
Beer in Canada
Are Anita Shreve and Elizabeth Jane Howard the same nationality?
no
Bumblebee, is an upcoming American science fiction action film directed by Travis Andrew Knight, an American animator, film director, and producer, known for working as the lead animator for which organization, and for directing "Kubo and the Two Strings"?
Laika Entertainment
Which board game was produced first, Hooop! or Dark Tower?
Dark Tower
Which fictional charactor from "Saved by the Bell" is played by Mark-Paul Harry Gosselaar?
Zack Morris
Which opera did this American composer and pianist whose Broadway show songs were included in The Passing Show of 1916 compose?
Porgy and Bess
Which ended on an earlier date in May of its corresponding year, 2010–11 La Liga or 2009–10 La Liga?
2009–10 La Liga
The refuge for a historically significant herd of free-roaming Mustangs is close to what lake? 
Bighorn Lake
What Adam Granduchel fronted indie rock band has Nicolas Vernhes produced records for?
The War on Drugs
Who directed a 2011 comedy-drama film about a chance meeting between two strangers starring an actress who has also appeared in: "American Pie", "Scary Movie" and "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back"?
Allie Dvorin
Which magazine was based out of a community closer to Canada, Goldmine or Y'all?
Goldmine
Where does the railway line that provides services in Woodford, New South Wales extend to? 
Victoria, Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory
 A King in New York is a 1957 British comedy film directed by and starring an English comic who rose to fame in what era?
silent film
What type of park is the park that is located by the Mislon Point ferry wharf?
an amusement park
What is the  2015 estimated wealth of Franklin Clarence Mars, founder of Mars, Incorporated?
$26.8 billion
In which year was this player born who announced his retirement due to a back injury early in the season during the unfortunate 2002–03 Toronto Raptors season?
1963
 USS Elrod was named after the Captain who enlisted in what part of the armed forces in 1927?
Marine Corps
Which is part of the Guangdong Province, Tumen, Jilin or Chaoyang District, Shantou?
Chaoyang District
This successful pop singer who sold more than 45 million records collaborated with the musician of what song that reached Top 40 in 1961?
Mexico
Who directed the 1985 film that details the serial killer who claimed to have killed over 3000 people, and who's confessions often contained inconsistencies or improbable logistics?
Mark Blair
Joyner Lucas (born August 17, 1988), is an American rapper from Worcester, Massachusetts currently signed to Atlantic Records, he released his fourth mixtape and first on a major label, on June 16, 2017, by Atlantic Records, titled what?
508-507-2209
In what part of Buenos Aires Province is the city that has The Juan Carlos Castagnino Municipal Museum of Art located?
southeast
What type of category does Obregonia and Cymbidium have in common?
genus
What was the famous novel mentioned in the above paragraphs?
Catch-22
Smokers Die Younger is a band that has performed what avant-garde musical form?
Art rock
when was American singer that  Manuel Seal has as credits born 
May 16, 1966
What county is the city that creator of the videos referred to as "Then Nine Commandments" was born in?
Bergen County
What specific college in Delaware did Jamin Elliott play football with Matt Nagy?
University of Delaware
What year was the author of The Finkler Question born?
1942
Are Fuzhou, Jiangxi and Malipo County located in the same province?
no
Which one of these artists has occasionally pursued acting, Joan Jett and Ihsahn 
Joan Jett
What Glen Martin predecessor re-aired Sunday night on Nickelodeon?
Hi Honey, I'm Home!
What Baltimore Ravens retiree scored 8 touchdowns for the Tennessee Titans in 2003?
Derrick Mason
What ruler in the Indian subcontinent sent his general Malik Kafur on an expedition to Warangal?
Alauddin Khalji
2007–08 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season were managed by what man who  is the current manager of English Premier League club Stoke City
Mark Hughes
What is the birth date of the actress that acted in Frisk and also underwent gender transitioning in her late thirties? 
July 28, 1969
Who has knowledge of more arts, Vincenzo Bellini or Igor Stravinsky
Igor Fyodorovich Stravinsky
The Spanish 1977 Amnesty Law is a law promulgated in 1977, two years after which Spanish general who ruled over Spain as a military dictator from 1939 until his death in 1975?
Francisco Franco
What bank did a supporter of the man known as "Father of the Nation" in the Republic of China co-found?
Hua Nan Bank
Are Daniela Hantuchová and Balázs Taróczy of the same nationality?
no
Which academy award did Ready Player one actor Mark Rylance win? 
Best Supporting Actor
Which city is the 48th Operations Group located 4.7 miles north-east of?
Mildenhall
Which uncompromising and minimalist, Swiss architect is Helene Binet known for working with?
Peter Zumthor
Which song on the album "Reba Live" was first released by Dolly Parton in October 1973?
Jolene
Nikolay Rastorguyev is the lead singer of the Russian rock band from what city?
Lubertsy
What was the estimated budget of the upcoming 2018 film in which Sanchana Natarajan has a small role?  
450 crore (4.5 billion)
The Bushmaster M17S was manufactured by a company based in what state?
North Carolina
What is the lead a character in a play whose cast includes an American actress known primarily for her work in theatre?
Tracy Turnblad
What was the High Priestess of Blood, the serial killer featured in the action crime horror film, Perdita Durango, convicted of?
two of the murders
Which board game is designed by Serge Laget, Shadows Over Camelot or Lords of Waterdeep?
Shadows Over Camelot
A Novel written by who is an opera based on in four acts by Jules Massenet to a French libretto by Édouard Blau, Paul Milliet and Georges Hartmann, that is a mainstay of the repertory during its history have included the following works which have each been performed more than 1,000 times by the company?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What ancient officer in North West England is the second Baronet of the Heywood baronets?
High Sheriff of Lancashire
Shaoyang and Haiyang, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
Where was the theater where   A New Day was performed located? 
Las Vegas, Nevada
Which philosopher, known for his 1651 book, fled to France for legal reasons?
Thomas Hobbes
Which role did this Italian actress and fashion model, who appeared in the 1996 French film The Apartment, play in the 2003 science-fiction film "The Matrix Reloaded?"
Persephone
What do 750 7th Avenue and W. R. Grace Building have in common?
skyscraper in New York City
In what city did Albert Wilson play college football?
Atlanta, Georgia
Who was the coach of the football team defeated by the 2014 Clemson Tigers football team in the Russell Athletic Bowl?
Bob Stoops
Jigsaw Puzzle was from which December 1968 Rolling Stones album?
Beggars Banquet
Which school that plays in the Cornder-Eggleston Cup is located in South Yarra and Caulfield?
Melbourne Grammar School
Who plays more instruments, Steve Lukather or Matthew Tuck?
Matthew "Matt" Tuck
Are Marshall Neilan and Godfrey Reggio both directors?
yes
Barnadesia and Maple, are types of flowering plants?
no
Which hospital located in Washington D.C. specializes in treating persons with physical disabilities,George Washington University Hospital or MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital?
MedStar National Rehabilitation Network
What footballer came through F.C. Kossou Bibo Academy that was born in 1986?
Cheick Ismaël Tioté
Who is a current member of the group Guy, Aaron Hall or Matt Thiessen?
Aaron Hall
 The Granite Range is a mountain range southwest of a census-designated place with a population of what?
1,234
What kind of works were written by James Hanley and Mario Puzo?
novel
LG Black Label Series is a feature phone by which South Korean multinational electronics company?
LG Electronics Inc.
What year was the organization, in which Robert Selander managed the Diners Club International credit card business, founded?
1812
MTV Unplugged is the first live album recorded by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas, guest artists included Gustavo Alfredo Santaolalla, an Argentine musician, film composer and producer, and won Academy Awards for Best Original Score in how many consecutive years?
two
What is the name of the motorsport team, best known for Formula One, founded in 1968, and which uses a car designed by Michel Tetu and Michel Beaujon built with a Megatron Straight 4 turbo engine?
Equipe Ligier
Which National Basketball Association player played his entire career with the team that Gregg Popovich coached?
Tim Duncan
Are Connie May Fowler and Vladimir Mayakovsky both poets?
yes
In the End of Human Existence is the debut album of a Russian death metal band that is originally from where?
Moscow
Which 1997 American action film starring Steven Seagal was nominated for 4 Golden Raspberry Awards?
Fire Down Below
During what season did an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C acquired Elvin Hayes from the Houston Rockets?
1972–73 NBA season
Who has been described as an "immensely talented striker" who is "strong and powerful" and "a potent finisher from inside the box that trained at the training center and club headquarters of French football club Olympique Lyonnais in is youth?
Karim Mostafa Benzema
Who is the astronaut that inspired the nickname of "Spacetown" for Derry, New Hampshire?
Derry is the birthplace of Alan Shepard
The Williams FW37 was driven by Felipe Massa and another driver from what team?
Mercedes
Who was director of a movie whose stars included a child actress who also appeared in "Nanny and the Professor"?  
Elliot Silverstein
Saul Metzstein and Richard Oswald, are Austrian?
no
Brian Kay played a voice in which Paul McCartney and the Frog Chorus song?
We All Stand Together
What American city does Jason Sapan and Phil Donahue have in common?
New York City
What formerly known as Concord Trailways ,runs a bus and train station in Portland, Maine that is open from 4:30 AM to 12:15 AM and from 2:45 AM to 3:15 AM?
Concord Coach Lines
The genus Heuchera and the genus Glottiphyllum mark which type of living organism?
plants
Which actor who appeared in 47 films since 1976 starred appeared in The Phantom Menace?
Ian McDiarmid
Kompania Piwowarska is a Polish brewing group based in Poznań, established in 1999, it currently has three breweries total, Tyskie Browary Książęce in Tychy, which Polish brand of beer, its name comes from the brewery located in the Upper Silesia town of Tychy?
Tyskie
Bronson is a film that follows the life of this prisoner born in what year?
1952
On what date was the Taylor Swift studio album which had the song "State of Grace" on it released?
October 22, 2012
Gibby Haynes and Johnny Depp created the documentary Stuff about which guitarist?
John Frusciante
When was the American rapper which Underground Volume 16: For da Summa is his first solo album born
October 13, 1977
Caitlin Pike was a character in JAG that was portrayed by an actress who appeared in Pretty Little Liars, and was a dancer in what form of dance?
ballet
A Runaway Girl was a musical written by which British music hall performer?
Sir Edward Seymour Hicks
Which actor, died in 1985 and has a supporting role in the 1980 film Raging Bull?
Nicholas Colasanto
In between Brand New and King Charles which included Derrick Sherman (guitar, backing vocals, keyboards)?
Brand New
Good Girl Gone Bad Live also included songs for her 2006 album that was released in what month?
April
 Truth & Iliza airs on what American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Disney
Freeform
What nationality is the player who scored after 25 seconds in the 2009 FA Cup Final ?
French
Are both Lysiloma and Peltophorum large tree species?
no
Trailer Town was writtend and directed by a man born in what year?
1979
Pudon is the location of a theme park featuring a show called?
Ignite the Dream, A Nighttime Spectacular of Magic and Light
The Clarence Gaines Award was named for Clarence Gaines, who coached for 47 years at a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina, that is a member-school of what fund?
Thurgood Marshall College Fund
What colors are common to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and Old Danish Pointer?
white with brown markings
what does Shaq and Nabeel Shaukat Ali have in common?
Pakistani
How many operas did the person who wrote Eduardo e Cristina write?
39
Who directed this American neo-noir psychological thriller film whose character portrayed by Robert De Niro gave inspiration to the name of the band Bickley?
Martin Scorsese
Who did the former Deputy National Security Advisor to President Donald Trump lose the party nomination to for the United States Senate race for New York?
John Spencer
Billings Logan International Airport and Palm Springs International Airport, both are located in the US?
yes
What American singer and producer does Snoop Dogg's song that includes a stutter edit feature?
Pharrell
Are Rhodophiala and Fatsia both genus of plants ?
yes
In what war did Werner Schröer and Hans-Joachim Marseille fly?
World War II
How many people cross the border over which the Chamizal dispute  took place?
approximately 350 million legal crossings
What Unites States Air Force installation was last assigned the 65th Aggressor Squadron?
Nellis Air Force Base
Robert Flores was replaced on SportsCenter after September 2009 with which ESPN anchor?
John Buccigross
The Timbarra Gold Mine was a gold mine located in the New England region at the intersection of New England and what?
Bruxner Highway's
Who costars in The King with the actor who played in "What Happened in Bali" and "That Winter, the Wind Blows"?
Jung Woo-sung
What nationality is the actor Gilles Tschudi, who appears in the romantic 2014 drama film Clouds of Sils Maria?
Swiss
When was the philosopher who worked on  An Essay Concerning Human Understanding born? 
29 August 1632
Which American actress born in 1966 has written Lisa Picard is Famous?
Laura Kirk
UP Yoddha (UPY), is a sport that's team based, and originated in India, in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh that plays in the which sports Pro League?
Kabaddi
Which cocktail has the most ingredients, the Godfather or the Vesper?
The Vesper
How far southeast of the state capital Xalapa is the birthplace of Rafael Domínguez Gamas?
90 km
In which city do maritime pilots operating along the Hudson River and Long Island Sound, one of the wealthiest being Joseph Henderson, function?
New York
Gerald William Heaney, served for nearly forty years as a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, and was an organizer for several liberal Democratic politicians, including which former   American politician, poet, and a long-time Congressman from Minnesota?
Eugene McCarthy
When was one of the co founder of  GF Biochemicals born who was also a a French professional footballer?
7 March 1984
What star of Now You See Me was born in Oman?
Isla Fisher
What single by Paul McCartney and Wings was also the main theme song for the 1973 James Bond film of the same name?
"Live and Let Die"
Who is the female singer of "consideration" and "fourfiveseconds" who also released an album called "Anti"?
Rihanna
What is the second ship of the United States Navy named in honor of the US state of Texas that was commanded by a man who received the Navy Cross for his command of the USS "Wisconsin" during World War I ?
USS "Texas"
John Balliol became the King of Scotland after the princess from what country passed away?
Norwegian
homas Edward Lawrence, was a British archaeologist, military officer, diplomat, and writer, the breadth and variety of his activities and associations, and his ability to describe them vividly in writing, earned him international fame as Lawrence of Arabia, the film was released in which year?
1962
Who originated the proposition of the theory of gravitation?
Nicolas Fatio de Duillier
John Loring is design director emeritus of which New York City jeweler?
Tiffany & Co.
Are the Los Angeles Aqueduct and Portage Canal located in the same US state ?
no
Which 2002 television drama film directed by Oz Scott starred the actor best known for his role as Stanley on "The Cosby Show"?
Play'd: A Hip Hop Story
On which bank of the river known in French as "Fleuve Saint-Jean" is Nashwaaksis situated?
north
Are Train Life and Cinerama Adventure documentaries about the same topic ?
no
The Piano Sonata in A minor D. 845, by Franz Schubert is a sonata for solo piano, composed in May 1825, the first movement features in which 2016 South Korean period action thriller film directed by Kim Jee-woon and written by Lee Ji-min and Park Jong-dae?
The Age of Shadows
Clark Clifford was an American lawyer who served as political adviser to which president known for launching the Marshall Plan?
Harry S. Truman
Which rock band was formed before 1990, Pearl Jam or The House of Love?
The House of Love
What pair of authors used themes and characters from a fairy tale published in 1812?
Joan Holub and Suzanne Williams
Who holds England's record for goals in FIFA World Cup finals and presented for BBC Sports Personality of the Year?
Gary Lineker
What type of novel did Sheridan Le Fanu like to make?
Gothic
Which football team won a La Liga trophy in the season that started on 29 August 1998 and finished on 20 June 1999?
Fútbol Club Barcelona
Czesław Miłosz, writter of the 1953 nonfiction "The Captive Mind" was professor of Slavic Languages and Literatures at which American University? 
University of California, Berkeley
what do It's a Small World and Son of Flubber have in common?
Walt Disney
What year was the original proposer of the dS/CFT correspondence of string theory born?
1955
Where was the author of A Yellow Raft in Blue Water the first Chair of the Native American Studies program?
Dartmouth
K'ak'upakal was ruler at a pre-columbian city that is located in Tinum Municipality, in what Mexican state?
Yucatán State
The Australian cricket team toured Sri Lanka from 6 August to 20 September 2011, four uncapped players had been named in the Australian Test squad, including Shaun Edward Marsh, an Australian cricketer who plays for the Western Warriors in Australian domestic cricket and has represented Australia at Test, One Day International and Twenty20 International levels, and nicknamed SOS, an acronym of what ?
Son of Swampy
Peng Shuai and Peter Fleming are/were both what?
tennis player
Bertram Mackennal was a sculptor most famous for designing coins and what else featuring King George V of England?
stamps
Are W. B. Yeats and Richard Wilbur of the same nationality?
no
Which Superbowl featured Jack Maitland and was the first to be played on artificial turf?
Super Bowl V
Jon Fratelli and Morten Harket, have which occupation in common?
musician
Both Alexander Sumarokov and Mikhail Lomonosov inaugurated classicism in what?
Russian literature
"Purple Rain-Union" is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series "Bob's Burgers", it aired on Fox in the United States on which date, the title of the episode is a reference to the song, film, and album "Purple Rain" by Prince?
December 1, 2013
In what City was the Realpha car based on?
Surbiton, Surrey, England
Which feature film directed by Elissa Down casted Rhys Wakefield as Thomas Mollison?
The Black Balloon
What baseball player won the 1987 National League Cy Young Award, Steve Bedrosian or Alek Keshishian?
Stephen Wayne Bedrosian
The Capitol version of Desolation Boulevard includes what single that was written and produced by Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman?
The Ballroom Blitz
Who founded the University where Rick Potts received his bachelor's degree?
Baptist Minister Russell Conwell
The Rome Sand Plains are located 5 mi west of the center of a city located in what congressional district?
New York's 22nd congressional district
The person who wrote dialogues and lyrics for the Telugu version for Sampoorna Ramayanam received the Sahitya Akademi Award in what year? 
1987
When was the German former ski jumper who led after the first day at "FIS Ski Flying World Championships 2002" born? 
9 November 1974
Blackledge-Kearney was used by which administrator for a temporary headquarters during the crossing of the Hudson in the late 1770s?
Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis
Which Lieutenant Governor of California issued proclamations for "Exotic Erotic Ball Day" in San Francisco? 
Gavin Newsom
What county does Howard Park Historic District and Timothy Edward Howard have in common?
St. Joseph County
Tribute is a ballet made by Christopher d'Amboise to music by a composer born in what year?
1685
The Hagen Site is an archaeological site in this place with a population of 8,966.
Dawson County, Montana
Magnetic is the tenth studio album by which American rock band, formed in 1985 in Buffalo, New York, by vocalist and guitarist John Rzeznik, vocalist and bassist Robby Takac, and drummer George Tutuska?
Goo Goo Dolls
Archduchess Catherine Renata of Austria is a member of one of the most influential and outstanding royal houses of Europe that was occupied by who between 1438-1740?
the Habsburgs
The IERS Reference Meridian (IRM), is the prime meridian (0° longitude) maintained by which organization, it is also the reference meridian of the Global Positioning System (GPS), originally Navstar GPS, is a space-based radionavigation system owned by the United States government and operated by the United States Air Force?
International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service (IERS)
Which President of the United States who was born in 1735 used the first significant campaign song in American political history?
John Adams
When was the Sydney-based Australian actor born, best known for his role in soap operas and also a star of Puppy?
27 March 1974
What country of origin does Vichy France and Philippe Pétain have in common?
French
Nymagee is a small town near what town in the center of New South Wales?
Nyngan
Faena Art Center is the cultural center of the Faena District Buenos Aires, a residential and cultural community in the Puerto Madero waterfront in Buenos Aires, which Argentine hotelier and real estate developer, founded the center?
Alan Faena
What is the middle name of the host of the Comedy Central show rated No. 1 among 18-24 year old men in its time slot?
Dwight
Hedgehog in the Fog is directed by the animator of what nationality?
Soviet and Russian
Which genus contains more species, Scilla or Anemonopsis?
Scilla
Who was a Venezuelan intellectual, lawyer, journalist, writer, television producer and politician, John Kenneth Galbraith or Arturo Uslar Pietri ?
Arturo Uslar Pietri
Valeria Valeryevna Lukyanova has a striking resemblance to a doll created by what American businesswoman?
Ruth Handler
What County does Route 97 continue to after going through Essex County?
Rockingham County
Who starred in the movie Bullitt?
Steve McQueen
What film was Sai Chand in that was written and directed by Sekhar Kammula?
Fidaa
What is the species type of this early herbivorous dinosaur that was the subject of a paper written by Matt J. Wedel?
A. americanus
White Noise: A Cautionary Musical was directed by this man who was the recipient of what award in 2015?
Laurence Olivier Award
Which dog type is of the spitz type, Ariegeois or Norwegian Buhund?
Norwegian Buhund
Not So Quiet is a parody of the film based on the novel written by whom?
Erich Maria Remarque
The video game Mighty No. 9 resembles a series featuring a character known as what in Japan?
Rockman
George Washington University Hospital and St. Elizabeths Hospital, are both located in which country?
United States
Are Amesiella and Rhaphidophora both found in the western Pacific?
yes
De Selby is a fictional character written by which Irish writer?
Brian O'Nolan
What small regional airport is situated south-west to the village of Irthington?
Carlisle Lake District Airport
Chuck Russell and Russ Meyer, have which mutual occupations?
film director, producer, screenwriter and actor
"Exciter" is a song from an album described by Steve Huey as what ?
Judas Priest’s greatest achievement
Barrie Ciliberti is a professor at a univeristy located in what Maryland county?
Prince George's County
Rotraud Hansmann was a singer in the recordings by which Austrian conductor, particularly known for his historically informed performances of music from the Classical era and earlier?
Nikolaus Harnoncourt
Is Ginger and Chris Jericho both musicians?
yes
What are The New York Review of Books and Lindy's Sports?
magazine
Universal Monsters was a concept that began with the silent films starring which American stage actor?
Leonidas Frank "Lon" Chaney
What type of games are both Club Nintendo and Punch-Out!! known for?
video
The aircraft that uses Runway Overrun Prevention System technology is the first to have both a fuselage and wing structure made primarily of what material?
carbon-fibre-reinforced polymer
Rectify was created by which American actor and screenwriter?
Raymond "Ray" Wilkes McKinnon
What Northumbrian missionary saint studied at Rath Melsigi?
Willibrord
The 2012 South Korean comedy-drama film "Papa" stars which South Korean actress and model who also appeared in "Reply 1994" (2013) ?
Go Ara
The news channel that the talk show "To The Point" is on is in what language?
Urdu
Patrick Holland was the first person accused of killing an investigative journalist, who was fatally shot in what year?
1996
What is the name of the soundtrack from the 2007 film directed by Mani Ratnam where the popular Hindi song "Mayya" is featured?
Guru
On the morning of April 17, 2009 Cyclone Bijli made landfall just south of a seaport city located on the banks of what river?
Karnaphuli River
Do the genuses Tansy and Eustoma belong to the same family?
no
Where did Lithuanian American filmmaker Mekas first show the flim Eat in 1954?
Washington Square Gallery
What show was hosted by Jessica Drake's ex husband?
Spice Hotel
This ab initio quantum chemistry computer program was nabed after an English chemist, physicist and what?
meteorologist
Who flew on more Space Shuttle missions, meteorologist Piers Sellers or chemical engineer Lodewijk van den Berg?
Piers John Sellers
What was found, in the Cango Valley along with Circular stone hearths and calcified dung remains of domesticated sheep, that is a cutting tool shaped somewhat like an axe that dates back to the stone age?
The adze
When was the place Guy Hughes Carawan, Jr. served as music director for founded?
1932
Is Botou or Nanhai District a province?
Botou
Who was the oldest Prime Minister to pay homage at the funeral of Margaret Thatcher?
Sir John Major
Which model was absent in the 2009 high-profile show in which the first Victoria Secrets PINK contract model, modeled in?
Adriana Lima
American film actor, Dana Andrews, starred in the 1943 American Western film The Ox-Bow Incident, however, he is most famous for his role as war veteran Fred Derry in what film?
The Best Years of Our Lives
How many rooms does the second most famous hotel in Las Vegas have?
106
What 2017 film about Mozart starred the actor who created the spoof heavy metal band Bad News?
Interlude in Prague
They are both singers
American singer
Of the two plants, Bloomeria and Luculia, which is found in the broader area of land?
Luculia
Who was the coach for two time UFC heavy weight champion with victories over Brock Lesnar and Junior dos Santos?
Larry Jamill Kelly
What is Sacha Baron Cohen's role in Ali G Indahouse?
written and performed by comedian
Was the documentary 500 Years Later released first or was it the documentary Here Is Always Somewhere Else?
500 Years Later
The title of the TV series Bae Doona is presently in is a play on what word?
sensate
What actor that was born in January 22, 1975 appeared in the film Out in fifty?
Balthazar Getty
What position or purpose does Jean Paul Leroux and Mía Maestro have in common?
role
Rhine Gold is the 2nd album by Copenhagen's Choir of Young Believers. Who is the band leader?
Jannis Noya Makrigiannis
Council Rock was a meeting ground for New York Native Americans, who sometimes had this term used for them incorrectly?
Metoac
Famous lobster Big Jake's health began deteriorating on arrival to what Boston airport?
Logan International Airport
What non-profit organization did one of the builders of the UC1 Freya co-found?
Copenhagen Suborbitals
What 2016 biographical film features the directorial debut of Garth Davis, featuring the Ajay Kapoor actor from Neighbors?
Lion
What is a common ingredient for both a Mimosa cocktail and a Bronx cocktail?
orange juice
Which country was Dora Luz's work in The Three Caballeros premiered in? 
Mexico
Who is Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark's mother-in-law?
Queen Margrethe II
Which covered song, whose original version was released in 1969, was featured in Nina Hagen in Ekstasy?
Spirit in the Sky
"Movin'" is a song by Swedish-Congolese singer-songwriter Mohombi, it is the lead singer from his second studio album, "Universe", it features Birdman, KMC and "Movin'" is a song by Swedish-Congolese singer-songwriter Mohombi, it is the lead singer from his second studio album, "Universe", it features Birdman, KMC and Brandon Caskey, an American rapper, from which organization?
Cash Money Records
Which actress from Love Rain was also known by the mononym Yoona?
Im Yoon-ah
The Queen Paola Foundation was started by the whife of which Belgian monarch?
King Albert II
What was the population in 2010 of the town in Maine that all of State Road 206 (SR 206) is located in?
1,527
The 1955 Scottish League Cup Final was played on 22 October 1955, at Hampden Park, a football stadium in the Mount Florida area of Glasgow, in which country?
Scotland
Crystal arthropathy is a class of joint disorder (called "arthropathy"), which acid is characterized by accumulation of tiny crystals in one or more joints. Polarizing microscopy and application of other crystallographic techniques have improved identification of different microcrystals including monosodium urate, what is the heterocyclic compound of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and hydrogen with the formula CHNO?
Uric acid
Which genus has more species, Galanthus or Rhodanthemum?
Galanthus
Which J.K. Rowling book does Emma Watson's character first appear in?
"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone"
What do both The Man and Raymond Briggs have in comman?
graphic novel
What #1 single came from the Neil Young album that is considered to be the predecessor of "Harvest Moon"?
Heart of Gold
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the county for which The Naples Daily News is the main daily newspaper?
321,520
The stadium at which Lara Filocamo debuted is located in the inner-western suburbs of which Australian City?
Melbourne
The season of what follows the adventures of Finn, a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake, the season also includes guest stars Miguel Ferrer as Death; Ferrer would later reprise his role in the fourth season episode "Sons of Mars"?
Adventure Time
The sisters that founded The Row are older sisters to which actress?
Elizabeth Olsen
Who did the actor who played Arthur Banks in "Desert Saints" also portray in the series "24"?
Jack Bauer
Who was the director of the 1953 musical comedy for which the song "That's Entertainment!" was written?
Vincente Minnelli
Which film star from the movie "Lion" released in 2016 was also in the movie "300" ?
David Wenham
Did Ali ibn Sahl Rabban al-Tabari or Muhammad Yunus produce one of the first enclyclopedias of medicine?
Ali ibn Sahl Rabban al-Tabari
What are Ercilla and Hoodia?
genus of plants
Who created and wrote the fictional entity Phoenix Force for the The Dark Phoenix Saga comic book?
Chris Claremont
Alamosa photovoltaic power plant developed by SunEdison, sells all output to Xcel Energy, a utility holding company based in what state? 
Minnesota
MERSI protocol was used by the computer that was a fourth generation of what type of processors?
32-bit PowerPC
What type of culture is written about in the magazine and website formerly known as boot? 
hacker culture
Who's multi-platinum hit "Dinata" was performed at the 2004 Olympic games, Ludwig Mactarian or Ara Dinkjian?
Ara Dinkjian
Which group owns the sister company of Market Place by Jasons?
Jardine Matheson Holdings
Zachary Thomas Moncrief (born January 8, 1971) is a producer and director of animated television programs, currently serving as the producer for Warner Bros. Animation for which American animated television series produced by Warner Bros?
Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!
Which video game required Hana Hayes to work with Naughty Dog?
The Last of Us
What criminal case which convicted Brock Allen Turner of three counts of felony sexual assault did Michele Landis Dauber work as attorney on?
People v. Turner
The woman who wrote and storyboarded "Incendium" was born in what year?
1987
The Drake Hotel honors a captain of which era?
Elizabethan
Charlène G. von Saher trained alongside a figure skater who became what in 1993?
US National Champion
Which director received the Lenin award, A. I. Bezzerides or Levon Mkrtchyan?
Levon Mkrtchyan
Max Crumm starred in a role in a production based off of what MTV reality show?
Jersey Shore
Which of the two bands Kill Hannah and Warpaint is from California?
Warpaint
Are Royal Blood and The Smashing Pumpkins both English bands?
no
When did the artist who was a guest judge in Under the Gunn begin her music career?
2011
Which actor portrayed the 1993 professional road racing cyclist in a 2015 drama?
Ben Foster
Who was the invention by Maurice Ward named by?
Ward's granddaughter Kimberly
Joe Anderson is an English film actor who is best known for his work in Across the Universe, as well as what 2007 British biographical film about the life of Ian Curtis?
Control
Which of the following is a writer whose work includes "Plum Island": Charles de Lint or Nelson DeMille?
Nelson Richard DeMille
Red Bull Stratos was a project involving the skydiver of what nationality?
Austrian
Which Mexican tenor, now living in France, hosted the 2012 Echo Klassik Awards in Berlin?
Rolando Villazón
Candido Amantini was what type of priest, able to cast out demons?
Exorcist
Bret Schundler served in the cabinet of a New Jersey governor whose term ended in what year?
2018
Jules Flandrin was a contemporary of what famous French painter known for work associated with Fauvism and Expressionism?
Georges Rouault
What director directed The Prestige, and the 2005 superhero film based on the DC comic book character Batman?
Christopher Nolan
The city where WKYI-CD is located is the historical and nominal seat of what county?
Jefferson County
How many costumers do this company have that is a "global e-learning player" along with Element K?
10,000
Cell or Kaiser Chiefs, which band was formed first? 
Cell
Marcia Gardner is an Australian screenwriter who has worked on such shows as which Australian television series that premiered on ABC TV on 1 February 2013 at 8:30 pm, and the series stars Craig McLachlan in the lead role of Doctor Lucien Blake?
The Doctor Blake Mysteries
which Amtrak's flagship service along the Northeast Corridor is  currently the only services in the country
Acela Express
Upwords and Ghettopoly, are both forms of what?
board game
What do Yangchun and Zaoyang have in common?
county-level city
Kevin Zegers starred in the 2008 crime thriller written and directed by whom?
Kari Skogland
When was the director of "Just Married" born? 
July 23, 1968
In which country is The Swatch Group and Tourbillion shops mainly based?
Switzerland
 "I Miss You" a song from an album that was released in the United Sates by what record label?
Elektra Records
Where was the basketball coach who coaches at the college in Easton, Pennsylvania which was founded in 1826 born?
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Who created the character that William Arnold "Billy" Costello  voiced and appeared in the daily King Features comic strip?
Elzie Crisler Segar
Which prominent mathematician in the Bernoulli family did Jakob II Bernoulli study under?
Daniel Bernoulli
Are both Lucy Maud Montgomery and Joseph Epstein Canadian novelists?
no
The film Michael includes which American actor born in 1954?
Robert Pastorelli
Which MacArthur Fellow released an album on the Red Giant record label?
Vijay Iyer
Charles A. Agemian and Peter Boghossian, are of which nationality?
American
Who destroyed the castle across the river from the castle built by the Auchinleck family in the 12th century?
Sir William Douglas
Fade to Black is an album by what American country singer who is the younger brother of Johnny Cash?
Tommy Cash
What year was the Johnson house built? 
1946
The Capricorns played on a keyboard from what Japanese company that his headquartered in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan?
Casio Computer Co., Ltd.
What was the name of a United Stated Army officer during World War 2 and served again later in the Korean war and was later featured on a HBO miniseries where his character was played by played by Matthew Settle?
Ronald Speirs
 I Never Knew That About Britain was a TV show with a reporter who has written and appeared in a number of television and radio programmes about what?
British history
Who produced both DC Nation and Beware the Batman?
Warner Bros
Who created a miniseries based on the mathematician Theodore John Kaczynski?
Andrew Sodroski
The word Consigliere was popularized by a novel written by which author ?
Mario Puzo
Are both Ohio State University and University of Delaware a land-grant institute?
yes
What is the nickname of the American rapper of Korean descent who is in the trio of Thirsty Fish?
Jonathan Park
Which  English actress, author and columnist starred as second wife in Land of the Pharaohs
Dame Joan Henrietta Collins
5 Magazine featured which professional footballer?
Riyad Karim Mahrez
what did the maker of Boston Beer Company inherited from his father 
brewery on King Street
The Winter Line was a series of German and Italian military fortifications in Italy, constructed during World War II by Organisation Todt and commanded by Albert Kesselring,  was a German "Luftwaffe Generalfeldmarschall" during which event?
World War II
Which is an electropunk band, Mindless Self Indulgence or The Life and Times?
Mindless Self Indulgence
Which player of the NFL football team located in New York was the eleventh draft of the 1980 NFL Draft? 
James Zachery
In 2009 High and Mighty was sold to a mailorder group headquartered in what city?
Manchester, England
When was the American actor born who acted as Carl Grimes in "Judge, Jury, Executioner"?
June 27, 1999
Author Kurt Vonnegut, who is most famous for his novel Slaughterhouse-Five, created Granfalloon, which is defined as a "false karass" in the fictional religion of what?
Bokononism
From which country came a dance used to convert slaves from a continent that borders the Mediterranean Sea?
Guatemala
When was the athlete  who won the women's 2013 CrossFit Games born? 
14 March 1982
What was the 2010 Census population of the town located south of the Merrill Shell Bank Light?
4,613
Suite francaise is by what French composer and pianist who is also known for Trois mouvements perpetuels?
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc
Archermining camp was situated 2 miles southeast of an unincorporated town that had a population of what in the 2010 census?
2,478
When was the election that the lawyer born on February 29, 1916 lost in New York?
November 6, 1962
Uksuum Cauyai: Drums of Winter, also referred to only as "Drums of Winter," released in which year, is an ethnographic documentary on the culture of the Yup'ik people in Emmonak, a village on the shore of the Bering Sea?
1988
Which fighter from WEC 38 is known as the "busiest" fighter in the UFC?
Donald Cerrone
the Ohio Collaborative is a task force created by an American politician who cannot stand for reelection due to what?
term limits
Who holds a World Land Speed Record and named Daniel Jubb "one of the world's leading rocket scientists"?
Andy Green
The Japanese action role-playing game, Rise of Mana, was developed for Sony Interactive Entertainment's PlayStation Vita and what other devices?
iOS, Android
George Boscawen, 9th Viscount Falmouth is a former officer in which regiment of the British Army ?
the Guards Division, Foot Guards regiments
Friedrich Klose (1862–1942) was a German composer, his opera "Ilsebill" (1903) is inspired by the music of Richard Wagner and which leading German composer of the late Romantic and early modern eras? 
Richard Georg Strauss
Timothy Gerard Grunhard was  was the offensive line coach for the Kansas Jayhawks representing what university?
University of Kansas
Which city was Matthew Wilson, a retired professional Australian road racing cyclist, born in?
1 October 1977 in Melbourne, Victoria
The Clausius–Clapeyron relation was named after a German physicist and mathematician who is considered one of the central founders of what area of science?
the science of thermodynamics
Which neo-soul singer had a debut album entitled There's Nothing Like This?
Omar
Fake Problems and Monoral, play which mutual genre?
rock
Which is taller The Steinway Tower or 126 Madison Avenue building, as planned?
The Steinway Tower
What is the name of this series of mass executions during World War II, which, along with Sambor Ghetto, was anenexed to the Ukranian SSR?
NKVD prisoner massacres
"The Real Slim Shady" is a song taken from the eighth studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" (2013)  of what hip hop recording artist?
Eminem
Emilio Leciguyena was executed by supporters of which Spanish general?
Francisco Franco Bahamonde
Between Haberlea and Aeonium, which genus has more species?
Aeonium
Where is the chain of bookstores located that claims to be the largest independent new and used bookstore in the world and has #1 best-selling small press title of 2013, 2014, and 2015 "The Do-It-Yourself Guide to Fighting the Big Motherf*ckin' Sad"?
Portland, Oregon
The Chamber of Horrors is a 1929 British silent horror film based from one of the attractions in London owned by whom?
Madame Tussauds
What is the stage name of the singer who qualified to perform in the final round of Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015, along with  Monika Linkytė and Vaidas Baumila?
Mia
What comic strip, created by Robert Crumb, did Manuel "Manny" Perez work on later in his career?
Fritz the Cat
Donnette Thayer is a vocalist, guitarist, and songwriter most active in the 1980s and early 1990s indie rock scenes of Northern California, he later formed Hex with Steve Kilbey of The Church, an Australian psychedelic rock band formed in Sydney in which year?
1980
In what 2013 period drama did Micheal Fassbender win an Empire Award for best supporting actor?
12 Years a Slave
Who sang in more bands, Michael Crafter or Vincent Walker?
Michael Crafter
Between Augusto Roa Bastos and David Mamet, who is a film director?
David Alan Mamet
What Design Engineer who works at Ride Centerline LLC designed a roller coaster that operates at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, California?
Alan Schilke
Hollywood Casino is owned by the company based in what Pennsylvania town?
Wyomissing
In the scandal that received the most attention among food safety incidents, what was the food adulterated with?
melamine
Which traditional event that began on 26 December did the Pakistani cricket team replace with a tour of South Africa during the 2012-13 cricket season?
Boxing Day Test
Who did NFL Street 2 feature on their cover had played college football at the University of Miami?
Jeremy Charles Shockey
Who is older, Michael Howard or Clark Johnson?
Clark Johnson
What precious metal did both McIntyre Mines and the Kemess Mine dig for?
gold
From which University did the star of the film For Christ's Sake graduate ?
San Francisco State University
Which was founded first, the University of Virginia or the University of Nebraska system's first college?
The University of Virginia
what does Corey I. Sanders and Excalibur Hotel and Casino have in common?
MGM Resorts
Are Lee Gi-kwang and Chad Kroeger from the same country?
no
What is the capital of the British overseas territory belonging to the Leeward Islands where the Anitlles coqui is found?
The Valley
What paper was presented that includes comediennes that were also TV hosts?
The Unkosher Comediennes
The 2000 Molson Indy Vancouver was a Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) motor race held on which date, at Concord Pacific Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, Paul Anthony Tracy, a Canadian former professional auto racing driver, won the race by less than half a second over his teammate?
September 3, 2000
Q: Who is noted for being the only Eurasian person to be commemorated in Japan's Shinto shrine that is located in Chiyoda, Tokya, Japan?
Ryō Kurusu
What unit was directed by Shiro Ishii and based at the Pingfang district of Harbin?
Unit 731
Henry of Almain was the song of one of the wealthiest men in Europe who joined what?
the Barons' Crusade
Glentham is situated on the road that passes through what three English counties?
South Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire
Which American former professional basketball player who played for the Bulls, that was featured in NBA Jam 2001?
Scottie Pippen
What is the population of the largest town on Kaua' i?
10,699
Firebird is a retelling of the ballet by which Russian composer?
Igor Stravinsky
The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1999 film about what fictional character in a series of crime novels by American novelist Patricia Highsmith, as well as several film adaptations?
Tom Ripley
 "Brother" is a single by Smashproof that rose to number one where it stayed on the RANTZ top f40 before being knocked off the top spot by a song from an American rappers sixth studio album called what?
Relapse
Until 2006, the Nissan Sentra was a rebadged export version of a Japanese car that was first built in what year?
1966
Do Derek Jarman and Joseph Ruben have the same nationality?
no
Are both Robin McKinley and Anita Diamant American authors?
yes
What singer of Indian descent who is no longer able to perform was a member of the pop trio Monsoon?
Sheila Chandra
On season eighteen of a show that premiered on March 17, 2014 Brooke Burke-Charvet was replaced as co-host by an American sportscaster who is a sideline reporter for who?
Fox NFL
Richard Bartlett Schroder, Jr. debuted in which 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli?
The Champ
which American composer did Anthony Ramos originated the role of Justin Laboy in his short musical "21 Chump Street"
Lin-Manuel Miranda
What American Idol runner-up covered Like My Mother Does?
Lauren Alaina
Who governs the Paralympic Games that Nyree Kindred has won ten medals from competing in?
International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
Songs I Wrote with Amy is an extended play, independently released on which date, by Edward Christopher Sheeran, an English singer-songwriter, guitarist, and record producer?
April 4, 2010
Which documentary was released first, Cave of Forgotten Dreams or Call Me Lucky?
Cave of Forgotten Dreams
What medication, used as chemotherapy and to suppress the immune system, is used as treatment for Autoimmune encephalitis?
Cyclophosphamide
Yoo Ah-in (born Uhm Hong-sik on October 6, 1986) is a South Korean film and television actor, Yoo Ah-in is best known for his leading roles in the coming-of-age film Punch, a South Korean coming-of-age film directed by Lee Han, made in which year, about the budding mentor-mentee relationship forged between a rebellious high school student from a poor household (Yoo Ah-in) and his meddlesome homeroom teacher who moves in next door?
2011
Which one has the most species, Titanopsis or Spathiphyllum?
Spathiphyllum
What is the name of the American action comedy film, that has a 2013 sequel?
Red
At what hospital did the younger brother of Joey Dunlop die?
a Coleraine hospital
What genre of music do both Doc Hammer and 6 Interpretations have in common?
rock
What contest Did Peter Nalitch known for "Lost and Forgotten" place 11th in?
Eurovision Song Contest 2010
The company that Corexit is an indirect subsidiary of is headquartered in what city?
St. Paul, Minnesota
What county was Josh Gates born in?
Essex County
Which of Worldviews Entertainment's films was based on a novel by Tom Rob Smith?
Child 44
The 1998 American horror film produced and directed by Gus Van Sant was a remake of a film that had an actress win what Golden Globe Award?
Best Supporting Actress
Which writer contributing to the comedy film "Meet Wally Sparks" is also a stand-up comedian?
Rodney Dangerfield
Which band's debut album is named after a hockey played nicknamed "The Great One"?
Electro Quarterstaff
The estranged husband of Francesca von Habsburg was born in what year?
1961
Are Lucia di Lammermoor and The Bartered Bride both comic operas?
no
What team did Pekka Markkanen's first son play for in addition to the Chicago Bulls?
Minnesota Timberwolves
What two occupations do  Alberto Cavalcanti and Oscar Apfel have in common?
film director and producer
Who created Creature comforts and how many academy awards did he win? 
Park has been nominated for an Academy Award a total of six times, and won four with "Creature Comforts"
What Alabama governor ran against Fob James in 1998?
Don Siegelman
What 1948 Heisman Trophy winner and American football player played college football on the same team as quarterback Gilbert Johnson?
Doak Walker
Make Me... is a song for the album that was released on what record imprint?
RCA Records
Who directed the film that  starried Mara Wilson and Trevor Coppola?
Danny DeVito
Which of the following is related to the east Asian Chaenomeles: Wulfenia or Pseudocydonia?
Pseudocydonia
What Canadian Director of Military Operations and Intelligence also served as a senior staff officer in the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF)?
James "Buster" Sutherland Brown
If you flew from John Glenn Columbus International Airport to Monroe Regional Airport would you be traveling north?
no
What is the mountain called that was named after William Barton Rogers and has a summit elevation of 5729 feet above mean sea level?
Mount Rogers
The Marca Hispanica, also known as the March of Barcelona, was a military buffer zone beyond the former province of Septimania, created by Charlemagne in 795 as a defensive barrier between the Umayyad Moors, it  refers primarily to the Muslim inhabitants of the Maghreb, the Iberian Peninsula, Sicily, and Malta during which time period?
Middle Ages
Which Canadian-Spanish-American 2015 psychological thriller stars a British actress who was born in 1990?
Regression
A German–Finnish former Formula One racing driver won The 2014 Monaco Grand Prix on what date?
25 May
What rock band had a song featured on a television program with Tony Ayres serving as an Executive Producer?
Bonk
What is the title of this South Korean disaster film written and directed by Kim Sung-su that Park Min-ha appeared?
Flu
Which magazine came out first, Architectural Digest or Human Rights Quarterly?
Architectural Digest
Abuzar Aydamirov wrote lyrics in 1992 to what Russian national anthwm?
Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
Richard Wallace and Gianni Amelio, have which occupation in common?
film director
Which film maker was born first, Alfred Santell or Aleksei Balabanov.
Alfred Allen Santell also known as Al Santell (born September 14, 1895 in San Francisco, California)
Philharmonics was by which Danish singer-songwriter?
Agnes Caroline Thaarup Obel
Which of the Georgia Institute of Technology or the University of Rochester has the most satellite campuses?
The Georgia Institute of Technology
Who, also known as Jose Roberto da Silva is known to have Juan Figer as his agent?
Zé Roberto
What is the birthday of the commissioner for The Mississippi Public Service Commission other than Cecil Brown or Sam Britton
July 21, 1976
 O Mimi San is a 1914 American short silent drama film directed by Charles Miller, featuring Tsuru Aoki in the title role and Sessue Hayakawa, Kisaburo Kurihara, Chick Morrison and George Osborne, a British Conservative Party politician, who was Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton beginning in what year?
2001
What singer known for narrative songs about her personal life won two 2013 Teen Choice Awards while being nominated for seven?
Taylor Swift
Which American singer-songwriter from Wichita, Kansas participated in the season two of "The Voice".
Chris Mann
Are Gaoyao District and Malipo County in the same country?
yes
Which band has more members, Fine Young Cannibals or Kent?
Kent
What NFL team does the 2010 Washington Huskies head coach work for?
Atlanta Falcons
In which American animated educational interactive children's television program,  created and executive produced by Chris Gifford and Valerie Walsh, did Harrison Chad have a role?
"Go, Diego, Go!
What journalist was both the daughter of a Las Vegas mob figure, as well as suspected victim of real estate heir Robert Durst?
Susan Berman
What "Breaking Bad" actress also stars in a film associate produced by Nick Sakai?
Betsy Brandt
What English author is known for a long series of novels that first started in 1971 and ended in 2015, where a portion of the novels focus on witches?
Terry Pratchett
Noel Clarke is known for playing Wyman in what British comedy-drama television show about seven British migrant construction workers
Auf Wiedersehen, Pet
Who did Eric Hilton found ESL Music, the independent record label in Washington DC, with?
Rob Garza
A Norwegian composer who received numerous awards, lived in what residence that is located in the capital of Norway?
Grotten
What American actress portrays Barbara "Barb" Dutton Henrickson is a character on HBO's "Big Love"?
Jeanne Tripplehorn
Henry Huggins has been published as an audiobook read by an American actor known for playing Barney Stinson on what television series?
How I Met Your Mother
When was British actress, best known for her role as Kalinda Sharma on The Good Wife, who also starred in the 2015 American disaster film San Andreas, born?
born 31 May 1972
Will Durant wrote a book in 1926 about what subject?
Western philosophers
In what region of Africa is the country where the  Tartit (meaning "union"), band from the Tombouctou Region were formed located?
west
In what county can Maine State Route 206 be found?
Knox County
What is the name of the person who helped work on Les Sylphides and past away 22 August 1942?
Michael Fokine
What Icelandic singer recorded the song "Alarm Call" from the album "Homogenic" that was produced in London and recorded in Spain?
Icelandic singer Björk
What unincorporated community is concentrated around the intersection of Tennessee State Route 62 and the highway that is the core of the annual World's Longest Yard Sale?
U.S. Route 127
Who is regarded as one of the most important astronomers of all time, and invented a morphological classification scheme for galaxies?
Edwin Hubble
Timber! was written by a singer who had a group with his brothers, Robin and who?
Maurice Gibb
What fighter profiled in Facing Ali was considered to have one of the best chins in boxing history?
George Chuvalo
What Hockey team does Evander Kane play for?
Buffalo Sabres
What is the name of the 135th episode of the series created by Parker and Stone?
Follow That Egg!
Ekstasy by Nina Hagen contains cover songs by Norman Greenbaum and which other Italian artist who popularized the song "My Way?"
Frank Sinatra
What country are both Yiyang and Chongzuo located in?
China
The adopted son and heir of the founder of the Roman Principate was given what name at birth?
Gaius Vipsanius Agrippa
In which month was this album containing the song "You're All I Need" by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe released?
May
What title did Krofft Productions give the remake of their half-hour Saturday-morning children's series?
Land of the Lost
Disney Dreams!, was a nighttime spectacular at Disneyland Park in Disneyland Paris, in Marne-la-Vallée, in which country?
France
Joachim Chreptowicz was an activist of what educational authority in the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth?
Commission of National Education
Auschwitz and After is based life and survival in what network of German Nazi concentration and extermination camps operated by the Third Reich in World War II?
Auschwitz concentration camp
Which Spanish footballer playing as right wing for Sevilla FC has endorsed the Nike Mercurial Vapor ?
Jesús Navas
Kim Sang-kyung (born June 1, 1972) is a South Korean actor, he's  best known for his leading roles in which South Korean film, released in 2007?
May 18
Who was the producer of Teardrops on My Guitar, a song of Taylor Swift's eponymous debut album (2006)?
Nathan Chapman
Who starred in the that is always confused with a Discovery Channel television program that documented the themed remodeling of a residence in a five-day time frame
Mitchel Musso
The scientist who first reported Volvox was commonly known by what title name?
"the Father of Microbiology"
What William Shakespeare play did Thomas William Hiddleston appear in at the beginning of his career?
Cymbeline
What viliage in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England hosts the title Ferrers Baronetcy created in 1628?
Skellingthorpe
Jingming Garden is an imperial garden on the Jade Spring Hill west of a palace that covers how many kilometers ?
2.9 km2
What are There are rules and the get up kids?
American rock band
At which university is this former head coach of Missouri's women's basketball team, replaced by Robin Pingeton, the current head coach?
Southern Illinois University Carbondale
Ohio Brush Creek rises in southeastern Highland County, and flows generally southwardly into Adams County, past the 1348 ft -long, three-foot-high prehistoric effigy mound on a plateau of the which crater, along Ohio Brush Creek in Adams County, Ohio?
Serpent Mound
Is George Duran or Richard Dekmejian older?
George Duran
What debut album created by a musical artist who has performed with Aref Durvesh was nominated for a Mercury Prize?
"Salt Rain"
The Battle of Cedar Mountain, also known as Slaughter's Mountain or Cedar Run, took place on August 9, 1862, in Culpeper County, Virginia, as part of the American Civil War, Union forces under which Maj. Gen., that was an American politician from Massachusetts and a Union general during the Civil War, attacked Confederate forces under Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson near Cedar Mountain?
Nathaniel Prentice (or Prentiss) Banks
Who was the developer of an  apartment complex that was built in Hudson Heights, a subsection of the Washington Heights, in 1938-39?
Charles V. Paterno
In what city and state was the band behind "She Hangs Brightly" formed?
Santa Monica, California
Who has a wider scope of profession, Michael Haneke or Ralph Thomas?
Michael Haneke
The Little House Wayside, is a 3 acre rest area located in Pepin County, Wisconsin, located on the plot where which American writer, known for the "Little House on the Prairie" series of children's books, was born?
Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Mamprusi language is spoken in a town that lies on the main road from Bolgatanga to where?
Tamale
Melvin Endsley,was a musician, singer, and songwriter best known for writing which song, some of the artists that have recorded his songs include Stonewall Jackson, an American country singer, guitarist and musician who achieved his greatest fame during country's "golden" honky tonk era in the 1950s and early 1960s?
Singing the Blues
Where is the wrestling magazine headquartered that, in 2012 featured Del Rey on its list of top 500 wrestlers in the world?
Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
Which singer was a member of more bands, Emily Haines or Edwyn Collins?
Emily Haines
Adrian Anthony Gill wrote his first peice of a British magazine founded in what year?
1901
What actress played the role of Hillary Winston on "The Royal Family" at the age of 4 and was also in the Tina in the Sky with Diamonds episode of Glee?
Naya Rivera
What medal did this Eritrean-born American long distance runner who was coached by Bob Larsen win during the 2004 Olympics?
silver
How many spectators does the stadium that hosts a football team founded in 1927 hold?
6,900
Which 2002 British-American drama film directed by Douglas McGrath featured actor Charles Matthew Hunnam?
Nicholas Nickleby
What was the nationality of the writer of Scherzo No. 2?
Polish
Who was the etruscan artist that worked for the last of the Roman Kings that reigned during 535 BC?
Vulca
Papa Dee's most commercially successful track is his version of a Cat Stevens song released in which year ?
1967
What region is the division which was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first federal election, in which James Tully unsuccessfully contested for a federal seat in 1919, in?
New England region
What country is the Moulton Windmill located?
England
Who first acted in the hit BBC show "Our GIRL": Luke Pasqualino or Lacey Turner?
Lacey Turner
What did this writer primarily base his works on, who wrote in the Sanskirt language and who has an award, Kalidas Samman, named after him?
Indian Puranas
What pseudonym did the author for this novel to which her poem "Mad Girl's Love Song" is included as a note?
Victoria Lucas
Which unitary authority area in Yorkshire houses the RAF North Killingholme just west of it?
North Lincolnshire
Orla O'Rourke is best known for her role in a 2014 film directed by who?
John Michael McDonagh
Which party does the constituency who is represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament belong?
English Labour Party
Was Melissa Bank or Kingsley Amis an American author?
Bank (born in 1961 in Philadelphia) is an American author.
At what facility did a prison riot occur in response to the death of the man charged with the murder of John Vincent Mills?
Attica Correctional Facility
Which former American football nose tackle who played college football at Oklahoma will announce the 2017 ESPN College Football Friday Primetime games?
Dusty Dvoracek
Delbert Mann and Nunnally Johnson, share which occupation?
director
Who were an alternative rock band from Sheffield, England, formed in 1985, Frente! or A.C. Temple ?
A.C. Temple
American rock band, Plain White T's worked with producer Ariel Rechtshaid to reach No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in July 2007 for the third single of of what album?
All That We Needed
What band was Amy Grant's husband in?
Pure Prairie League
The 1993 single "Liquid Insects" features a sample fro a sci-fi film directed by who?
John McTiernan
Which American rock band was formed in California, Cave In or Grandaddy?
Grandaddy
The city where Intesa Sanpaolo is based is the capital city of what region in Italy?
Piedmont
Halmich Park is located in what third largest city in Michigan?
Warren, Michigan
The 2002 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season, the team was led on the field by senior quarterback Chris Simms, a former American football quarterback, who played in which organization?
National Football League (NFL)
...And Justice for All is a studio album from Metallican that was the first to feature the bassist who was also part of which other bands?
Voivod and Flotsam and Jetsam
Won Shin-yun, is a South Korean film director, he has shown strong talent in which 2013 South Korean spy-action thriller film?
The Suspect
What network did the series that "Diwali" was an episode of air on?
NBC
In what country are the magazines Weatherwise and Lindy's Sports located?
United States
Nintendo Power Line was revived in celebration of the console that had how many built-in games?
30
How long did the dynasty that Gustav Adolf von Wulffen was born in last?
from 1826 to 1918
What English lyricist wrote the lyrics for the Doug Henning inspired musical Merlin?
Don Black
Who is in the boy band Infinite, Nam Woo-hyun or Tom Smith?
Nam Woo-hyun
What is the name of the movie  directed by Vernon Sewell in 1971 that is based on 16 murders commited over a period of 10 months in1828 in Edinburgh, Scotland?
Burke & Hare
What 2010 musical was written by the same author as a whodunnit novel similar to "Big Brother" 
Love Never Dies
Among Ted Sharks and Chantal Akerman who is known for more films?
Ted Sharks
James Franco was in the 2003 film directed by whom?
Robert Altman
War and Peace, is a 1966-67 Soviet war drama film written and directed by Sergei Bondarchuk,  Countess Natalya "Natasha" Ilyinichna Rostova, is a central fictional character in Leo Tolstoy's novel "War and Peace", the daughter of who, a loving and generous nobleman?
Ilya Rostov
Ebony and Hatiora in what genuses
genus "Diospyros"
Television station WRGB is licensed to what city that had a population of 66,135 as of the 2010 census?
Schenectady, New York
Which documentary was produced earlier, Body of War or Air Force, Incorporated?
Air Force, Incorporated
John Russell Taylor composed a biography of this actress who was born on November 5?
Vivien Leigh
Cyberdog is an application based on what software framework?
OpenDoc
Which seismic zone triggered the 2010 Indiana earthquake?
The New Madrid Seismic Zone
Which member of the girl group Miss A under JYP Entertainment also stars in the South Korean television drama While You Were Sleeping?
Bae Suzy
where was the project which wrote "Lonely Lullaby" created?
Owatonna, Minnesota
Which low-cost airline is headquartered in Sydney?
Jetstar Airways
Which of the following is a home computer designed by Radofin and released in 1983: Mattel Aquarius or Tandy 1000?
Aquarius
Paul Weston and what other artist sang the popular song called La Vie en rose?
Tony Martin
What is the elevation of the field at which the 2007 Las Vegas Bowl was held?
1600 ft
What is the nationality of the American actor and film producer who portrayed Monte in the made-for-TV remake set in Wyoming of Monte Walsh?
American
What 2014 Heisman Trophy winner was a first round pick by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 2015?
Jameis Winston
The Gell-Mann–Nishijima formula was proposed by an American physicist who received a Nobel Prize in what year?
1969
are Il re pastore and King Priam both Operas ?
yes
In which city did this world games take place when Squash was added as part of the world games?
Lahti, Finland
Where was Jack Harvey born that is approximately 8 mi south-west from the city and county town of Lincoln?
Bassingham
What county in New Jersey was Blondie Purcell born in?
Passaic County
Which Italian amateur boxer beat Tumba Silva in the 2012 Olympics?
Clemente Russo
What duet performed Peace on Earth/Little Drummer Boy
Crosby and Bowie
Saeed Rizvi and John Huston, have which occupation?
film director
Who is best known as the frontman of the California punk rock band Lagwagon, Joey Cape or Scott Weiland?
Randal Joseph "Joey" Cape
Hans Kammler was the last in Germany to be appointed to the paramilitary rank first created in what year?
1932
What company produced both The Barefoot Executive and The Last Flight of Noah's Ark?
Walt Disney
2 Million Minutes is a series of documentary films exploring how students in the United States, India, and the People’s Republic of China spend the nominal 2,000,000 minutes of their high school years, the  film has been supported by Newt Gingrich and which  American civil rights activist, Baptist minister, television/radio talk show host and a former White House adviser who, according to "60 Minutes", became President Barack Obama's "go-to black leader."?
Alfred Charles Sharpton Jr.
Which monarch of the Mexican Empire was the 19th-century castle on the Gulf of Trieste Miramare Castle built for?
Emperor Maximilian I
What nationality was the author of The Emperor of Portugallia?
Swedish
Ana Kasparian and David Ignatius, are which nationality?
American
Which of Demetrius Calip's 1988-1989 National Championship team's members is currently serving as the general manager of another sports team?
Rob Pelinka
Who is younger, Jameel McCline or Samuel Peter?
Samuel Peter
What novel trilogy written in 1995 has won a number of awards and had a film made from it's first novel?
The Golden Compass
Radiant Shadows is an Urban fantasy novel, a subgenre of fantasy, by who?
Melissa Marr
Tracy Ann DeMeyer was an author descending from what Algonquian-speaking North American native ethnic group?
Shawnee
Modern Jive is a dance style derived from this American dance originated in Harlem, New York City in 1928, which s frequently described as what dance?
jazz dance
Which of the following,The Nightmare Before Christmas or White Wilderness, is a 1993 American stop-motion animated musical dark fantasy film directed by Henry Selick?
The Nightmare Before Christmas
Spin and The Progressive Populist are both what?
magazine
What is the name of the Maine town that is home to the Lincolnville Center Meeting House and the mainland terminal for state ferry service to Islesboro?
Lincolnville Center, Maine
Which system of locks, canals and channels is Notre Dame Island located immediately west of?
The Saint Lawrence Seaway
have Jonah Matranga and Steve Strange both been singers?
yes
Paap is a film directed by the eldest child of which other Indian director?
Mahesh Bhatt
What level of classification are both Combretum and Astragalus?
genus
What country are both Heze and Shahe, Hebei located in?
China
What recording artist works with the same record label as DJ Khaled and used to be on "Barney & Friends"?
Demi Lovato
Can both Robert Hayden and Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni be classed as members of American minorities?
yes
At what college did the current free agent and 2011 Minnesota Vikings rookie starter play?
Florida State University
What sport do both Ben Simmons and Andrew Bogut play?
basketball
What actor starred in both "The Wire" and "Chronicle"?
Michael B. Jordan
Pineville, a suburban town in the southernmost portion of Mecklenburg County, situated in the Waxhaws, a geographical area on the border of what 2 states?
North and South Carolina
When was the man, whom the Taliban Five were exchanged for, released?
May 2014
 Blood Feud is a 1983 American television miniseries surrounding around the conflict between Jimmy Hoffa and an American politician and lawyer from where?
Massachusetts
What company was the company Thomas Maier works purchased by?
Gucci Group
The monthly journal of the Association for Computing Machinery published who's cautionary tale set in the year 2047, in 1997?
Richard Stallman
The 1988 Mexican Grand Prix awarded third place to which  Austrian former Formula One racing driver born on August 27, 1959?
Gerhard Berger
Number One is said to perform the same role for Captain Pike as which Leonard Nimoy character did for Captain Kirk?
Spock
Which Australian south-north railway has an end point in the smallest Australian capital city?
Adelaide–Darwin railway
What is the Real name of the person who collaborated with SCE London Studio to develop Wonderbook: Book of Potions?
Joanne Rowling
Juan de Cáceres y Ulloa was an organist of this cathedral, which is the main catholic church in which city?
Buenos Aires, Argentina
How many kilometers southwest of Geneva's city centre is Doyen Bridel from?
25
Justland cattle are a what used in both dairy and beef production, and have a pattern of pigmented spots on an unpigmented background of hair, feathers or scales
rare Danish breed of cattle
Dave Goelz is the voice of a character on a ride at Epcot theme park that also features what song?
One Little Spark
What is the birth date of the person Martin Blumenson wrote an authoritative biography of?
November 11, 1885
Which criminal from La Grange, North Carolina boasted that he smuggled heroin into the United States by using coffins of dead servicemen?
Frank Lucas
Widows' Peak stars what English actress commonly known as  Dame
Joan Plowright
What year was the founder of the Friend of Ireland born?
1932
Neville Chamberlain's nephew who plays for liverpool was born in which year ?
1993
What film for Disney was a 1992 American animated comedy musical romantic fantasy adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation that had an American animation studio founded by Terry and Sue Shakespeare with David Molina in 1989 that was an uncredited additional animation facility for the film?
31st Disney animated feature
Southwest Art and The American Interest are both what?
magazine
Are Saint Asonia and Manic Street Preachers both involved with rock music?
yes
What was the name of the paper that published a letter from the wife of Theodore Dwight Weld ?
The Liberator
What American neo-noir crime anthology film, was serialized also in the comics anthology "Dark Horse Presents"?
Sin City
Where does the city that the Dunedin Isles Golf Club Golf Course is get it's name from?
"Dùn Èideann"
What American actor starred in the 2006 movie Click?
Adam Sandler
Copperfields Mine and Norrie Mine are located in which Canadian province?
Ontario
Who designed the hotel that was one of the artificial structure in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire?
Charles Alling Gifford
Which was in operation longer the Burwash Mine or the Hedley Mascot Mine?
The Hedley Mascot Mine
109 Street passes several Edmonton landmarks, including a shopping centre that was constructed in what year?
1976
Larry Speck has a degree from which Cambridge, Massachusetts institution?
MIT Sloan School of Management
what opening day attraction at EPCOT Center in 1982 was closed down for refurbishment in 1995
World of Motion
Fernado Casado Arambillet starred in a film that was the final one for which director?
Luis Buñuel
The London Hammer is considered what type of artifact?
An out-of-place artifact (OOPArt)
Are Johnny Bonnel and Tunde Adebimpe members of the same band?
no
How many singles titles on the ATP tour have been won by the person who replaced Teymuraz Gabashvili as inaugural champion?
eight
Are the Delhi Technological University (DTU) and Colorado State University  both considered state universities? 
yes
Wonderland is from What Taylor Swift album that was released on October 27, 2014?
1989
From 1983 to 1995 C. Stephen Lynn was the CEO of a restaurant chain based in what city?
Oklahoma City
What are the two middle names of the man who won the football match against Werder Bremen in 2005-06?
Miguel Pizarro
This women’s clothing, footwear and accessories retailer is frequented by the wife of James Matthews; where was it founded?
Hampstead
Who is the founder of the large chemicals works that is next to the Barry Power Station in Sully in the Vale of Glamorgan, Whales?
Jim Ratcliffe
What types of media would these be seen on, Television or movies?
television
The Paumanok Path goes from Montauk Point State Park to a hamlet and census-designated place in what county?
Suffolk County
Which came first Washington City Canal or Whitewater Canal?
Washington City Canal
When was the American rapper and songwriter born who's album is "Section.80" and who has guest appearance in Major Key album?
June 17, 1987
The Fabulous Country Music Sound of George Jones is the 1962 country music studio album, the album was Jones twelfth overall studio release, George Jones was an American country music singer-songwriter who released many successful albums, from the 1960s through which era?
80's
When did the episode that the writer best known for "Chowder" and "Harvey Beaks" help write air?
September 7, 2001
In what year did the museum, where two South Australian Railways 400 class locomotives are preserved, move to its current location?
1988
Caesars Palace is located between Bellagio and a casino built by what developer?
Steve Wynn
What type of engineer worked with K.F Cheung in establishing the Cheung-Marks theorem?
polymath electrical engineer
David McCullough and Robert Desnos, are historians?
no
What dynasty was founded by a Viking leader in the mid 9th century? (Info A: Viking leader founder, Info B: mid 9th century)
Uí Ímair
The current Chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party was born in what hospital?
Lady Dufferin Hospital
What album released on March 18, 2017 did Jorja Smith have a guest appearance on?
More Life
WHICH MIKE WILL MADE IT SONG WAS CO-WRITTEN BY ROCK CITY?
Pour It Up
When was the drummer who played on the album Far Beyond Driven born?
August 20, 1966
What is the name of the presidnetial yacht acquired by the Philippine government in 1959 and has hosted many guests including ballerina Margot Fonteyn?
BRP "Ang Pangulo"
Name the town in Afghanistan which became famous for torture and prisoner abuse cases, including the homicides of two unarmed civilian Afghan prisoners at the BCP, for which Carolyn Wood, a US Army captain was implicated by the Fay report?
Bagram
Who was also an airline pilot, Billy Gibbons or Bruce Dickinson?
Bruce Dickinson
What Mississippi city is the Tie Plant located in?
Grenada
Kyotoku-maru no. 18 is a fishing trawler which was swept inland during tsunami that followed which titled event, that was a magnitude 9.0–9.1 (M) undersea megathrust earthquake off the coast of Japan that occurred at 14:46 JST (05:46 UTC) on Friday 11 March 2011, with the epicentre approximately 70 km east of the Oshika Peninsula of Tōhoku and the hypocenter at an underwater depth of approximately 29 km?
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
What war is common to both the USS Enterprise and the Battle of Midway?
World War II
Who recorded the song released in 1998 featured in a show written by the screenwriter of The Social Network?
Neil Finn
Burn the Witch was a song from the Radiohead album that was released on which date?
8 May 2016
Who starred in a 1999 film based on the memoir "Rocket Boys"?
Jake Gyllenhaal, Chris Cooper, Chris Owen, and Laura Dern
What former Florida State player had 217 receiving yards in his NFL debut?
Anquan Boldin
Anatoly Maltsev and Valentin Turchin were both from Russia, which of the two is known for his work as a mathematician?
Malcev algebras (generalisations of Lie algebras) are named after him.
Who wrote the lyrics to the Pearl Jam song "Daughter", and is known for their baritone voice and brief tenure in the band Temple of the Dog?
Eddie Vedder
 Are Phil Mogg and Dave Peters musicians?
yes
Gerhard Oechsle won the silver medal as a bobsledder in the 1983 Olympics held in which Essex County, New York Village?
Lake Placid, New York
Which Vietnamese actress was a regular cast member in season two of might morphin power rangers?
Thuy Trang
The original name of Powhatan, Virginia was named after a Revolutionary war hero that was elected the governor or what state?
Kentucky
Which individual from the silent film era, Enrico Cocozza or Robert F. Hill, mainly filmed in Scottland?
Enrico Cocozza
Where is the location of the company run by the founder of the direct sales industry?
Winona, Minnesota, United States
In what location did both the fireworks shows Wishes: A Magical Gathering of Disney Dreams and Happily Ever After take place?
Magic Kingdom
Which years were the line of cars that the Ferrari TR were closely related to built?
1953 to 1964
What state are the American rock band who formed in 2001 and shared the bill with The Jepettos  at Tennent's Vital in 2012 from?
Ohio
Who was the writer of the episode that was played as a looping live stream on Adult Swim's website?
Mike McMahan
What is the capitol of the district that Yapei is a part of? 
Buipe
Are Dalton Trumbo and Herman Wouk both screenwriters?
no
Der Messias, K. 572, is Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's 1789 German-language version of the 1741 oratorio, "Messiah", by which German, later British, baroque composer who spent the bulk of his career in London, becoming well known for his operas, oratorios, anthems, and organ concertos, and received important training in Halle and worked as a composer in Hamburg and Italy before settling in London?
George Frideric Handel
Who is a German composer and musician from the Baroque period that composed Ach Gott, wie manches Herzeleid BWV 58?.
Johann Sebastian Bach
What game do stuffed animals in Knights of the Dinner Table play?
HackMaster
Was Mark Jung older than someone born in 1957, or younger? 
younger
What was the population of one of the suburbs of Melbourne that this steam era railway line ran through?
7,409
Which horrer television series aired on AMC on oct 18 2015 directed by the author of the secret diary of laura palmer? 
"The Walking Dead"
What pieces of work are Mercy Malick known for aside from the American television series developed by Rob Thomas and Diane Ruggiero-Wright?
Mission Control, Major Crimes, Circle
What Football player for the USC Trojans was born on May 11, 1983?
Matt Leinart
What is the name of UK's largest television and broadband internet services where the first two season of Losing Control can be watched?
Sky UK
The host of the 32nd People's Choice Awards won how many Emmys?
two
What was the birthplace of a voice over actress whom Stephen Marley directed?
Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire
Todd Gurley lI, is an American football running back for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL), despite missing three games due to a torn ACL suffered during his junior year at Georgia, Gurley rushed for 1,106 yards in his rookie season and was voted Offensive Rookie of the Year by the Associated Press, which title refers to any number of awards presented by various entities to the top American football rookie(s) in the National Football League (NFL)?
National Football League Rookie of the Year Award
Who directed this 1999 American Gothic supernatural horror film, in which Marc Mann collaborated with Danny Elfman on the music?
Tim Burton
What is the title of the first book by this American author who wrote the 2015 novel "Another Day?"
Boy Meets Boy
Did Chicken Cha Cha Cha or RoboRally receive more awards?
RoboRally
Larry Lance is associated with which member of the Justice League of America?
Black Canary
Which actor in The 39 Steps also starred in the series The Strain?
Rupert Penry-Jones
Patty Jenkins directed a biographical crime drama film released in what year?
2003
When was the inventor of the wobble board born?
(born 30 March 1930
Vasudhara Dairy headquarted in Alipore also does business as what brand?
Amul
In what year did the man speculated to be Adiva's father die?
924
what does Street Fight and Cory Booker have in common?
New Jersey
Who was born first, Dario Hübner or Luca Toni?
Dario Hübner
Are Val Avery and Sylva Kelegian both actors?
yes
Which man was a comedian, Harry Stephen Keeler or Bob Monkhouse?
Robert Alan "Bob" Monkhouse
How did another historian describe the author of the book The Origins of the Second World War ?
"the Macaulay of our age"
What year was the songwriter of "Turn Out The Night" born?
1953
What year was "Living It Down" released by a American Tejano and musician?
1976
Mecklenburgh Square was named in honor of what queen who was Queen of Great Britain and Ireland after her marriage in 1761?
Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
The Kazan River flows through tundra and taiga, which is also known as what? 
boreal forest
Where are the United States Army Infantry School and United States Army Airborne School based?
Fort Benning, Georgia
Otto Eduard Leopold, Prince of Bismarck's titled name, Otto von Bismarck, comes from Bismarck, in what district of Germany?
Saalekreis
Which of these two restaurant chains is based in Oakhurst, California, Pizza Factory or Pagliacci Pizza?
Pizza Factory
What year did a neo-noir action thriller starring an actress who graduated Longmeadow High School in 1989?
2014
Strandloper was based on the story about an English convict who was transported to what country?
Australia
What show produced by Nickelodeon Anivation Studio has a 2.5D platform video game developed by WayForward Technologies based on it?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Who guest starred on All My Children, BBMak or Moonbabies?
BBMak
Wolfenstein: The New Order is the sequel to a 2009 game developed by what company?
Raven Software
What mosque is the alma mater of Abdal-Hamid Kishk associated with?
Al-Azhar Mosque
Which song, by the man who played guitar for most of the performances on Let It Rock, was number 5 on the US "Billboard" Hot chart sometime in the 1980s or 1990s?
Angel Eyes
What was the real name of Daimaou Kosaka, the man whose single reached 1 on the "Billboard" Japan Hot 100 chart?
Kazuhito Kosaka
Which number president appointed George Wallace as Foreign Minister?
24th
The Chesapeake Bay Retriever and Newfoundland are both breeds of what?
breed of dog
Are Salome and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight both Germanic in background?
no
Which film director is also a screenwriter, Leslie Pearce or Lucian Pintilie?
Lucian Pintilie
What is the nationality of the harpist who came out with the album "White Winds"?
Swiss
What is the name of the prodcution company that produced the film that was nominated for Best International Film at the 2012 Saturn Awards ?
Pan-Européenne
In what year did the archaeologist that conducted early 20th century excavations at The Fortress of Al-Ukhaidir, die?
1926
Love in the Moonlight starred what South Korean actor who is the leader and vocalist of the South Korean boy group B1A4 under WM Entertainment?
Jung Jin-young
What group formed by Roland Orzabal and Curt Smith released the album Everybody Loves a Happy Ending in 2005?
Tears for Fears
Q1: Who was director of the museum featuring the last sail-only warship designed and built by the United States Navy?
Donald Franklin Stewart
Were Coco and The Lizzie McGuire Movie released by the same company?
yes
Are Working for a Nuclear Free City and The Innocence Mission both based in the United States?
no
What is the name of the type of music that postulates that human beings have evolved to live in tribal society and was performed by Steve Tibbetts?
Neotribalism
What was the population in the 2010 census of the township in which Egon Hostovský died?
37,669
What album included a song about Mia Zapata?
7 Year Bitch
Saint Seiya: Next Dimension is published in which Akita Shoten-published manga magazine?
Weekly Shōnen Champion
Who is the Kenyan woman born in 1985 coached by Wes Kittley?
Sally Kipyego
DesiHits raised venture capital in 2008 from which American firm?
Draper Fisher Jurvetson
In what city did the star of the movie "Death of a Soldier" strangle women?
Melbourne, Australia
This full size SUV, the first luxury 4x4 sold by jeep was designed by who?
Brooks Stevens
What ages are the students at the Boy's School where David Allen Conway was educated?
5–18
Who, other than Royce da 5'9", was also on the Rock City track and part of Bad Meets Evil?
Eminem
What guitarist known for his back to basics rock style produced the Album Sin? 
Wayne Kramer
Eyes of the Rainbow was about the black nationalist who was a former member of what group?
Black Liberation Army
The Hi-Lo Country starred which Spanish actress, known for a lead role in "Vanilla Sky"?
Penélope Cruz Sánchez
What is the release date of this 2010 American black comedy that was a spin off/ sequel to Forgetting Sarah Marshall?
June 4, 2010
What is the 8th 'melakarta" scale?
Hanumatodi
What number of studio album release did U2's Innocence + Experience Tour support?
thirteenth
The City Bushman is a poem first published in a publication that focuses on what ?
politics and business
What is the name of the South Korean romantic comedy, distributed by Lotte Entertainment, that would be used as the basis for a 2013 South Korean television series about a dating agency?
Cyrano Agency
Which incident saw more victims perish the Hungerford massacre or the Monkseaton shootings?
Hungerford massacre
What opera was written by the first composer of international stature to write Hollywood scores?
Violanta
Between Bob Fosse and Emile Ardolino who has worked more recently?
Emile Ardolino
"What U Workin' With?" was recorded for a movie created by who?
Thomas Dam
Which case occured first, Strickland v. Washington or Barron v. Baltimore?
Barron v. Baltimore
Marshall Point Light Station is a lighthouse at a settlement that is located in which county ?
Knox County
In how many World Cups has the English striker who once played for IFK Hässleholm appeared as a member of the English national team?
two
Where did the actor who played sidekick Toothy in Sugarfoot serve prior to acting?
the United States Navy
When does a speaker of The State of the Black Union born who is the U.S. Representative for 's 13th congressional district? 
May 16, 1929
Which is a heavy metal band, Gary Braver or System of a Down?
System of a Down
The band Felix Haug was the drummer and keyboardist for was best known for what hit single?
"The Captain of Her Heart"
A Wish Way is a device that appears in three of the Oz books of Ruth Plumly Thompson, one being The Lost King of Oz, released in which year, and is the nineteenth in the series of Oz books?
1925
Vitim Airport is a public use airport built in Vitim, Sakha (Yakutia) Republic, Russia during World War II for the Alaska-Siberian (ALSIB) air route used to ferry which policy aircraft, formally titled "An Act to Promote the Defense of the United States?
Lend-Lease
 Southern Girl City Lights is what by an American country pop singer-songwriter and reality television personality?
the second studio album
The municipality in which Vatnvatnet lies is part of what traditional region?
Salten
"There Goes Another Love Song" was written by an American singer best known as a guitarist for who?
Lynyrd Skynyrd
What one-act ballet's music was written by an Austrian composer and conductor?
Different Drummer
Luke Null, is an American actor, comedian, and singer, who currently works as a cast member on which NBC comedy series, premiered on September 30, 2017, and the forty-third season?
Saturday Night Live
Which has more species, Ribes or Copiapoa?
Ribes
What is the birth date of this American former professional basketball plater who was acquired by the Portland Trail Blazers during the off season of the 2001-02 Portland Trail Blazers season?
July 18, 1974
What is the nationality of the UFC Heavyweight Champion who attended the Art of War 12 Fighting Championship ? 
American
What 1599 play was remade into An Honourable Murder?
Honourable Murder
What protected national park, with a section in the Asquith suburb of New South Wales, contains the villages of Cottage Point and Appletree Bay?
Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park
What garland or wreath is used in the statewide celebration of Hawaii?
Lei
When was the University established at which Wilfred Cantwell Smith was director of the Center for the Study of World Religions ? 
1636
Who is the wife of Holy Roman Emperor which  German royal election, 1002 held after his death 
Theophanu.
In which county the Nashua High School is situated?
Hillsborough County
Who produced the Orianthi single which peaked at No. 3 in Japan?
Howard Benson
The District of Alaska was initially commanded by a general known for killing a superior officer in what year?
1862
What role do both Jan de Bont and Fatih Akin share?
director
Although set in Florida, the drama series Pensacola: Wings of Gold, the series based at the Naval Air Station in Pensacola, was actually filmed in what city?
San Diego
The band who had the album "Brujo" came from what city?
San Francisco, California
VfL Wolfsburg won their first ever Bundesliga title during this season, manager Felix Magath formed an attacking lineup, which included strikers Edin Džeko and Grafite, the pair scoring 54 goals between them, much due to the help of which attacking midfielder a Bosnian former footballer who most notably played for Bayern Munich, VfL Wolfsburg, Galatasaray, Dynamo Moscow and Beijing Renhe as an attacking midfielder, during his active playing career?
Zvjezdan Misimović
Wicksteed Park is the second oldest theme park in the UK, with the oldest being a park that is owned by the Dabell family, and has a sister park named what?
Robin Hill
Lisa Brennan-Jobs is the daughter of which painter and writer?
Chrisann Brennan
Which Air Force Base is based in Harrison County and stations the 403d Operations Group?
Keesler Air Force Base
Dorothy Quincy's husband helped lead the rush for independence against the British monarchy in which exceptionally famous war?
American Revolution
What is the name of one of Hitler's close associates that Ralf Georg Reuth wrote a biography of in 1992?
Joseph Goebbels
Which genus, Shortia or Schizophragma, has more species?
Shortia
What Trust did the author of The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck leave her house to?
National Trust
Charles Libby graduated from a high school located at what address?
284 Cumberland Avenue
Which English-American journalist and former British MP launched Heat Street?
Louise Mensch
Sports Collectors Digest and The Family Handyman, are of which nationality?
American
The suburb Nicholls in Gungahlin, Australia was named after a man that died in what month?
June
Who are the two main characters of the animated Cartoon Network series that Boulder Media is best known for?
Mac and Bloo
Simon Frederick St George Kirke was a member of which rock band?
Free
The 1966–67 Northern Rugby Football League season ended with a 2nd place finish for the team from what town in County Cumbria?
Barrow-in-Furness
In what county is the installation of which Popponesset Firing Range was a satellite range located?
Barnstable County
What episode features the character Wendy Testaburger of a show that aired on Comedy Central in August of 1997? 
Cartman Gets an Anal Probe
Are James Norman Hall and Amiri Baraka from the same country?
yes
The actress who appeared in the 2002 film Love in the Time of Money and made her film debut in a 1995 teen drama was born in what year?
1979
how is Ape Escape and Nicktoons Film Festival connected?
shorts
What position did both Warwick Capper and John Coleman play while iin the Australian Football League?
full forward
Mickey's Mellerdrammer is based on a Harriet Beecher Stowe novel published in which year ?
1852
Andrew "Andy" Daly has made regular appearances on television programs such as "Silicon Valley", a comedy television series created by who?
Mike Judge
In which 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes did John Magaro star in?
Carol
What country of origin does Death Has a Shadow and Super Bowl XXXIII have in common?
American
What city adjacent to Mitchell Park was founded in 1838 on the banks of the Sturt River?
Marion
Ruth, Caldwell County, Kentucky is located near a national forest established in which year ?
1937
Which movie came out First The Wild or Return to Oz?
Return to Oz
Derek St. Holmes and Angela Gossow, have what occupation in common?
vocalist
Tallinn Airport is a secondary hub for two airlines, one of which established in 1929. What airline is this?
LOT Polish Airlines
What kind of publication are Golf Digest and Cook's Illustrated?
magazine
What is the name of the university that has the largest enrollment at a single campus that Michael A. Bianchi writes about at the "Orlando Sentinel"?
The University of Central Florida
Where does the team Rick Bennett coaches play?
Frank L. Messa Rink
Prince Hisahito of Akishino's father was born in what year?
1965
South Tongu in the district that has a capital of what city?
Sogakope
what is similar about John Farrow and Richard Attenborough? 
filmmaker
Which actress, known for her role as Denise Huxtable, directed the video to "It Never Rains (In Southern California)"?
Lisa Bonet
Endless Road, 7058 is the debut studio album released by which Spanish boyband, a deluxe edition contained a number of acoustic performances, interviews, music videos and covers of Coldplay, and Katy Perry, an American singer and songwriter, that signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album?
Auryn
What motor racing circuit in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that is the venue for the FIA Formula One Canadian Grand Prix did the 2005 Canadian Grand Prix, Formula One motor race, held on 12 June 2005 get held at?
Circuit Gilles Villeneuve
Which band was described as post-harcore, The Ready Set or Rapeman/>
Rapeman
What position did both Dave Rayner and Billy Cundiff play in the National Football League?
placekicker
Who was the former CEO and co-founder of the company that makes the phone that Phoebe Ruguru shot her film "Saidia"?
Steve Jobs
In what film did  the American actress who portrayed Janine "Smurf" Cody in "Animal Kingdom" play her breakthrough role?
Diner
What is the former name of the air marketing brand for which Unalakleet Airport serves as a hub?
Era Alaska
What was released first, The Anderson Platoon or Anvil! The Story of Anvil?
The Anderson Platoon
Which magazine was published first, Rays from the Rose Cross or Teen Vogue?
Rays from the Rose Cross
Between Jo Kwon and David Johansen, which has held the more numerous range of occupations?
Jo Kwon
What is XY and Tikkun?
XY is a gay men's magazine
What  area was named "Victoria Square" by the Street Naming Committee on 23 May 1837, after Princess Victoria, that has colonial-era building in the Adelaide city centre across from King William Street ?
Victoria Square
"Houston, we have a problem" was an erroneous quote between "Huston" and an American test pilot, NASA astronaut and one of how many people who have flown to the moon?
24
The 1994 Asian Games also known as XII Asiad were held from October 2 to October 16, 1994 in which capital of Hiroshima Prefecture and the largest city in the Chūgoku region of western Honshu - the largest island of Japan?
Hiroshima
The Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi boxing match took place in 2008 at a casino opened in what year?
1993
When was the prince who attended NHH Symposium with The Norwegian king, Harald V  born? 
20 July 1973
What title dramatisation took place in East Riding of Yorkshire?
The Battle of Stamford Bridge
Between the two films Woodstock and Target for Tonight, which one was released earlier?
Target for Tonight
What film was released more recently, The Legend of Lobo or Amy?
Amy
What host of Mind of a Man is also the older brother of R&B singer Steph Jones?
DeRay Davis
DVB Bank SE is part of which second largest bank in Germany by asset size and the central institution for more than 1,000 co-operative banks and their 12,000 branch offices?
DZ Bank AG
Who was mentored by Arnold Schoenberg and worked on the album "At the Grave of Richard Wagner"?
Anton Webern
What Austrialian advertising model was involed in an alleged affair with Alex Fevola?
Lara Bingle
The Wojtek Memorial Trust was established to celebrate the life of a a Syrian brown bear purchased at a railroad station located where?
Hamadan, Iran
What star of Screwed was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1995?
Elaine Stritch
What city did James Mathew Barrie move to and where William Robertson edited The bookman?
London
What song was written by George Harrison and was inspired by a stay in India?
Within You Without You
What pro sports draft consists of seven rounds in which it's 2011 draft was held in Radio City Music Hall?
National Football League Draft
Who directed Seth Myers younger brother in the film How to Make Love to a Woman?
Scott Culver
Both Ric Viers and Robert Clouse worked at what occupation?
film director
The Old Man and the Sea, which won the Ofuji Noburo Award, is directed by who? 
Aleksandr Petrov
What is the country of origin of Brian Stepanek and the film The Island?
American
Which film was released first, "The Battle of San Pietro" or "Pond Hockey"?
The Battle of San Pietro
What year did Mark Wahlburg star in the American crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan, a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film "Infernal Affairs"?
2006
When did the sequel to Twitches air?
October 12, 2007
Who was the leader of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) that abducted Grace Akallo in Uganda?
Joseph R. Kony
Andrew Martin Dober, is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division for which American mixed martial arts organization based in Las Vegas, Nevada, that is owned and operated by parent company WME–IMG?
Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)
 Teri W. Odom is a Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at a private research university based where?
Evanston, Illinois
Béla Bartók and Charles Gounod were both what?
composer
Which magazine is published more frequently, The Believer or Better Homes and Gardens?
Better Homes and Gardens
What is a county on the Mississippi coast?
Hancock
The Winchester Model 1911 SL Shotgun competed against a shotgun that remained in production until when?
1998
Which ethnic subgenre included a 1996 action-gangster film set in Gary, indiana?
Blaxploitation
Fruktime is made in which flavor that commonly comes from rye bread?
Kvass
Paul Dean played as lead guitarist for a rock band formed where?
Calgary, Alberta
What is the name of Matthias Egger's university in German?
Universität Bern
What position did American financial services director John Hailer recently retire from in an asset management group related to a large French corporate and investment bank?
President and Chief Executive Officer
When was the amusement zone founded at which the mummified body of Elmer McCurdy was positively identified in 1976, founded ?
1902
What is the nationality of an author who gave an introduction in the novel Sweets and Other Stories?
American
The Irton Cross lies chronologically between the Gosforth cross and an Anglo-Saxon cross which probably dates from the 7th or early 8th century, featuring reliefs and inscriptions in what alphabet?
runic alphabet
On which river is this city that has N'Dolo Airport situated?
Congo River
In which division does this American professional basketball franchise, based in Wisconsin and founded in 1968, compete, whose former members include Ruben Patterson?
Eastern Conference Central Division
Which genus is part of the mallow family; Ferraria or Abelmoschus?
Abelmoschus
The daughter of John Aniston appeared in which 1998 motion picture alongside Paul Rudd?
The Object of My Affection
Khorol or Khorlo, is a multi-trick tile-based game played in Mongolia, Inner Mongolia, and Tuva, usually on Lunar New Year's, the Mongolian Lunar New Year, is commonly known as what?
Tsagaan Sar
he Columbus Blue Jackets play in a league that has how many teams ?
31 teams
What is the first name the founders of Hotel Baxter and Ted's Montana Grill have in common?
George
Agent Hannah Wells in the ABC political drama stared in the film adaptation of who's debut novel published in 2011? 
Veronica Roth
St. Ignatius, located on Flathead Indian Reservation, is listed in what register?
National Register of Historic Places
How many languages could Syria possibly speak?
22
were Black Stone Cherry and Gene Loves Jezebel both british bands?
no
Which one is located in Northern California Iron Mountain Mine or Spring Creek Dam?
Iron Mountain Mine
Was Halma or Battle Sheep introduced first?
Halma
Did both Eduardo Montes-Bradley and Frank Borzage direct films?
yes
The Editor is a 2014 Canadian horror comedy-mystery film by who, and starring Paz de la Huerta, is an American actress and model?
Astron-6
Lake Tana and Lake Sary-Chelek, are natural lakes?
yes
Between Elle and That's Life, which magazine has a wider audience?
Elle
Papa, is a 2012 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Han Ji-seung, Park Yong-woo stars as a talent manager who persuades his step-daughter from a contract marriage, played by which South Korean actress and model, she is best known for starring in the television series "Reply 1994" (2013)?
Go Ara
Which director was born first, Joe D'Amato or Alan Mak?
Joe D'Amato
The 2007 Firestone Indy 400 included a massive pile-up on lap 144 that ended the race for the four-time IndyCar champion of what nationality?
Scottish
Eleven Eleven is the studio album by the folk-rock musician of what nationality?
American
John Lennon was apart of which band that wrote "Rain"?
the Beatles
What is the capacity of the stadium that Stadium railway station, Perth will serve?
60,000
Henry M. "Hank" Ferris is a former head football coach for which public doctoral research university (R3) located in the Upper Montclair section of Montclair, at the intersection of the Great Notch area of Little Falls, and the Montclair Heights section of Clifton, in the U.S. state of New Jersey?
Montclair State University
Anna Hamilton Phelan was nominated for an Oscar for the depiction of what naturalist's life?
Dian Fossey
 Bardufoss Airportis a primary airport situated at Bardufoss in Målselv, Norway, Norwegian Air Shuttle operates three daily flights with Boeing 737s to where?
Oslo
The Wife stars the actress of what nationality?
American
Which group of plants contains more species, Verticordia or Ericaceae?
Ericaceae
432 Park Avenue and One Vanderbilt, are skyscrapers in which city?
New York City
In what city was Nickelodeon Splat City located?
Santa Clara, California
English author and scholar J. R. R. Tolkien modeled elves as  tall, human-like creatures of otherworldly beauty, with Kings and Queens in what epic high fantasy novel?
The Lord of the Rings
The print version of which magazine is published more frequently, MetroSource or Contempo Magazine?
Contempo Magazine
Aidan Devane is a resident of the fictional town of Pine Valley from the ABC soap opera "All My Children", he has been portrayed by which British actor and model, born on 2 April 1977?
Aiden John Turner
The company responsible for the Rattler at Six Flags Fiesta Texas later designed a wooden hypercoaster with a 214 ft drop.  What was the coaster named?
Son of Beast
Wapack Wilderness and Lake Monomonac share what state?
New Hampshire
In what year did the field where the 2016 TaxSlayer Bowl was held assumed its name?
2010
When is the  football club which Wilfred "Wilf" Nixon played for Founded in 
1879
Are Anacardium and Berberidopsis in the same kingdom?
yes
What movie, written by Adam Herz, was a box office hit that spawned three sequels and a bollywood flop?
American Pie
Who is this American singer, songwriter, and interpreter of music who was featured in "Standing in the Shadows of Motown" and contributed to "Crying on Sunday?"
Joan Osborne
Which patriotic show tune occupied the UK Singles Chart for 17 weeks in 1967?
Edelweiss
Luigi Cherubini and Antonio Salieri, were Italian of which occupation?
composer
Who is the composer of the studio album "on the rock" and a Grammy award winner?
Andrés Calamaro
The song Danke Schoen regained fame when it was featured in a 1986 American comedy film directed by who ?
John Hughes
In which city did the Italian operatic composer that lived from 28 August 1867 - 12 November 1948 premiere his "Fedora"?
Milan, Italy
Willem Witteveen was shot down aboard a flight carrying how many passengers?
283
Guilty Pleasures is an album by Barbra Streisand in conjunction with Barry Gibb, in the United States the album peaked at no. 5 and has been certified Gold (500,000 copies sold) continuing Streisand's record of achieving the most gold and platinum records for a female artist, and in which numbered place in general behind Elvis Presley?
second
What year was the university founded where Tom Dosch was the inside linebackers coach and special teams coordinator at in 2008 and 2009?
1869
When Alex Buesnel won a gold medal, where did the opening ceremony take place?
Panathenaic Stadium
Jack Wall worked on which 2005 action role-playing game developed by Bioware?
Jade Empire
Roger Duane "Zeke" Smith, was an American football player in the National Football League, other Auburn greats, include Bo Jackson, one of the few athletes to be named an All-Star in two major sports, and the only one to do so in both baseball, and what sport?
football
what does Seen It All: The Autobiography and Boosie Badazz have in common?
American rapper
When did the show starring former American football tight end who played for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League premier?
September 6, 2016
What occupation did Samson Chiu and Ted Demme share?
director
Who directed this romantic comedy-sports film that stars Felicity Jones and the English actor and musician from "Gossip Girl" (2007–2012)?
Phil Traill
When was the star of "Sgt. Bilko" born ?
August 14, 1945
Where is the online retailer which has Fred Chang as it's CEO based ?
City of Industry, California,
The South Wales Borderers served in which conflict that was started on 11 October 1899 and ended on 31 May 1902?
Second Boer War
In what year was the home of the General buried in the Christ Episcopal Church built?
1795
What is the name of the college of law at the university for which Tom Lovat was head coach in 1975?
S.J. Quinney College of Law
Tatiana Kotova of Rostov-on-Don crowned her successor who is which Russian actress, TV Host, model and beauty queen who won Miss Russia 2007 and Miss World 2008?
Ksenia Sukhinova
"Two Swords" is the first episdoe of a televsion series duing season that concluded on what date?
June 15, 2014
Do both Tim Howar and Milo Aukerman have their doctorate degrees?
no
Fairsky was a steamship that included a device that includes at least one moving part called what?
rotor assembly
What is the name of the 1986 film written and directed by the man labelled "the first popular Surrealist"?
Blue Velvet
What son of Queen Mary died on the August 1942 Dunbeath Air Crash?
Prince George, Duke of Kent
When was the  English former professional footballer which Spaniard Antonio López replaced as a coach born
10 June 1966
When did the former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security assume the office of White House Chief of Staff?
July 31, 2017
Gaius Cassius Longinus, was a Roman senator, a leading instigator of the plot to kill Julius Caesar, and the brother in-law of Marcus Junius Brutus, he commanded troops with Brutus during the Battle of Philippi against the combined forces of which Roman politician and general who played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic from an oligarchy into the autocratic Roman Empire?
Mark Antony
the aborignal group who traditionally lived in the area contiguaous with Coffs Harbour, New South Wales speak what language?
Gumbaynggir language
Thomas Rickman is an American film director and screenwriter known for a biographical film which tells the story of what country music singer? 
Loretta Lynn
What actor who served as the First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989, starred in a film n which a voice claiming to be that of God preempts all radio programs for days all over the world?
Nancy Davis Reagan
Which university is located outside of the United States, University of Central Florida or Ain Shams University?
University of Central Florida
Coton de Tulear and Australian Silky Terrier, is a breed of what?
dog
Gandalf is a fictional character played by English stage and screen actor, Ian McKellen, in what two J.R.R. Tolkien novels turned films?
"The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings"
"Verna" is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 70th overall episode of the series, which former SNL cast member guest stars as the title character of this episode, an American actress and comedian best known for her work on "Saturday Night Live", where she was a repertory player from 1986–91?
Janet Vivian "Jan" Hooks
Mewtwo, is a fictional creature from Nintendo and Game Freak's "Pokémon" media franchise, in English, Jay Goede voiced Mewtwo in Pokémon Live!, it was a musical stage show that toured in which country, on September 22, 2000 to January 19, 2001?
United States
What occupation did Christina Stead and William S. Burroughs share?
writer
Who is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for and captains both Real Madrid and the Spain national team, who has a Finnish footballer nicknamed "Sergio" because his style of play was similar?  
Sergio Ramos García
Who is the other lyricist for the Hindi movie Don, besides Lalji Pandey? 
Indeewar
The jukebox musical Dream Lover: The Bobby Darin Musical is based on an original concept and stage play by which Australian writer, reporter and entertainer and Melbourne radio 3AW commentator?
John-Michael Howson
Karan Kapoor is the grandson of which Shakespearean actor-manager?
Geoffrey Kendal
Franklin Seaver Pratt (November 1, 1829 – January 11, 1894), also known as Franklyn or Frank S. Pratt, was an American settler, businessman, public servant and diplomat of the Kingdom of Hawaii, he married who, that was a great grandniece of Kamehameha I, being a great granddaughter of Kalokuokamaile, the older brother of Kamehameha I, founder of the Kingdom of Hawaii?
Elizabeth Kekaikuihala Kekaʻaniauokalani Kalaninuiohilaukapu Laʻanui Pratt
Ivan Tors and David Gordon Green, are in the film industry?
yes
On their first releases which of Variety and Autoweek appeared more regularly ? 
Variety
The 1921 Louisville Brecks season was their inaugural season in the which organization,  Louisville, Kentucky had two professional American football teams in this league?
National Football League
Which member of the Epiphany Philosophers was also a Welsh Anglican bishop ?
Rowan Williams
Who was born first, Irwin Shaw or John Dunning?
Irwin Shaw
Are Editors and Empire of the Sun both English?
no
Do Archive and Blue Peter come from the same country?
no
Which teammate did Ali Ashfaq play with who was nicknamed the Sikkimese Sniper?
Bhaichung Bhutia
Jenny Lewis discography is the lead singer of what American indie rock band based in Los Angeles
Rilo Kiley
The Dormition of St. Mary Cathedral, Bera is a church in the fortress that dates back to which century?
13th century
The OFAB-100-120 is a bomb that can be carried on what twin-engine jetcraft?
Sukhoi Su-25
Good Ventures was founded, in part, by which co-founder of Facebook?
Dustin Aaron Moskovitz
On which record label did the band who released the single Feel It Still release their eighth full-length album Woodstock?
Atlantic Records
Who produced the album that included a re-recording of "Lithium"?
Butch Vig
The Marshall Library of Economics is located in a collegiate public research university, located where?
Cambridge, England
Humanitarian protections in war are denied to certain combatants under what treaty?
Geneva Convention
Does the Suwannee Canal or the Ohio and Erie Canal connect to other canal systems in Pennsylvania?
Ohio and Erie Canal
What year was the firstprofessional golf  tournament sponsored by the producers of Noilly Pratt held?
1961
Cowie Water is south of which ruined fortress in Scotland?
Cowie Castle
What triggered both the 2016 Minneapolis shooting and the unlikely outcome of the 2016 US presidential election?
larger rise of Islamophobia
Are Real Simple and Bust both names of women's interest and lifestyle magazines?
yes
In what year was the man who introduced the Healthcare Quality Improvement Act of 1986 born?
1949
Which rock band was formed first,  The Rockfords or Radio Iodine?
Radio Iodine
What is the area of the town that Church of St. Anne is located in (in Acres)?
887
What city is the political capital of the country in which Katiola Department is found?
Yamoussoukro
Sugauli is a city and a notified area in East Champaran district of Bihar, it is the setting for which short story in the 1894 anthology "The Jungle Book" by Rudyard Kipling about the adventures of a valiant young mongoose?
Rikki-Tikki-Tavi
Are André Berthomieu and Larisa Shepitko both from the same country?
no
Of what country's origin is the subject of The Man Who Predicted 9/11?
British
A French Connection and a Hurricane are both what kind of drinks?
alcoholic
Lamas Aqueduct, is what type of device, to bring water into cities and towns—often from distant sources, located in Mersin Province, Turkey?
Roman aqueduct
Which star of the Young Philadelphians appeared as Milton Fanshaw in "Coronation Street"?
Robert Vaughn
The Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center is home to a college team that is a member of which school fund ?
Thurgood Marshall College Fund
Where were the Pan American Games, at which Bouncy Moore was the silver medalist, held?
Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero in Cali, Colombia
Teri Greeves is an artist living in a city that is the seat of which county ?
Santa Fe County
In what year did Gerrit Rietveld, a Dutch furniture designer and architect build the Rietveld Schröder House?
1924
Who was a founding member of the world's second alliance (after the U-FLY Alliance) to consist only of low-cost carriers (LCCs)?
Jeju Air
What is the capitol of the region located in central East Afganistan, and represented by the Cricket team Band-e-Amir Region?
Maidan Shar
Hotel Lester-Lester Cafe, also known as the Dodge House-Long Branch, is a historic building located in Mason City, Iowa, in which country, it was built as a two-story building a block away from the passenger and freight depots of the Chicago and North Western Railroad and the Chicago Great Western Railway?
United States
Who governs the size classification of Caldwell County Railroad?
Surface Transportation Board
Who had a longer life, Giacomo Gentilomo or Claude Sautet?
Giacomo Gentilomo
Who was the coach of Karl-Anthony Towns Jr., a Dominican-American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association ?
Graham Betchart
Who renounced his American citizenship and wrote a play with a cat named "Carbucketty"?
T. S. Eliot
Where is the club located that Silvan Hefti played for?
St. Gallen
Who wrote the novel which Katherine Langford played a role in the movie that based on the book?
Jay Asher
Kim Ki-duk's most widely known feature came out in which year ?
2003
Annenberg Community Beach House was built by the creator of which media company?
Hearst Communications
Who has recieved a MacArthure Fellowship, Colson Whitehead or John Kenneth Galbraith?
Colson Whitehead
In what year did Beatrix Potter publish the children's book the inspired the name of Tiggwinkles animal charity?
1905
 The End is an EP by an English heavy metal band which was only available at dates with the  final show was February 4, 2017, in their home city of what?
Birmingham
What year did Lilakoi Moon star in a crime-thriller?
1994
Bounce is currently hosted by what former Australian football player born in 1979
Cameron Mooney
Who's roles include Danny Tanner on the ABC sitcom "Full House" and was in a 2004 American teen comedy film starring Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen and Eugene Levy.?
Robert Lane "Bob" Saget
While Tâb is a board game, what type of game is Time's Up!?
charades-based party game
What is the name of the 2017 movie, which is also the name of the navel by Dave Evers was the last performance by Bill Paxton?
The Circle
Are both London LeGrand and Michael Locher Swiss musicians?
no
Which Cardiff City footballer played during the 2009 Houphouët-Boigny stampede?
Sol Bamba
When was the  American actress who hosted 16th People's Choice Awards born? 
August 22, 1939
Which American film director is known for the sexploitation film genre, Wes Anderson or Doris Wishman?
Doris Wishman
Are both Hippophae and Pelargonium genera of sea buckthorns?
no
Where does the latest champion of the Scottish Open live?
London
Miro Kosta Strati or more commonly known as Miro Tërbaçe was a semi-legendary Albanian hero who slew the local Sanjak of Avlona out of  ("revenge"), for the death of her brother, also called?
Hakmarrja
How are James Earp and Nicholas Porter Earp related?
Earp
What band recorded songs by the artist who had the solo album New York Tendaberry?
Blood, Sweat & Tears
Albert Costa and Iva Majoli, have which occupation in common?
professional tennis player
Are Mahidol University and Pokhara University located in the same country?
no
Disney Publishing Worldwide (DPW), formerly known as The Disney Publishing Group and Buena Vista Publishing Group, is the publishing subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, headquartered at which location, in Burbank?
Walt Disney Studios
Franklin Parish, Louisiana is named after a man born in what year?
1705
TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was an event that was held at the arena in what part of Dallas?
Victory Park
Which American war film starring Brad Pit and Jason Isaacs did David Ayer write and direct?
Fury
What storm was noted for being more severe than the December 1992 nor'easter and is nicknamed the No-Name Storm?
The 1991 Perfect Storm
 The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars among others, Margarita Levieva, a competitive what before going on to star in the films "The Invisible", "Adventureland", and "Spread"?
gymnast
Who was born earlier, Sergio Leone or Christophe Gans?
Sergio Leone
In what year was the Carmel Authors and Ideas Festival, which has featured the Pulitzer Prize winning author of the book "Angela's Ashes" and other top authors and thinkers, first held?
2007
Which is a post-hardcore band, Puddle of Mudd or Before Their Eyes?
Before Their Eyes
The Ona people populated what continent?
South America
Who has played in more doubles partnerships, Mark Woodforde or Leoš Friedl?
Leoš Friedl
Break Stuff was from an album released in what year?
1999
Which meridian extends across Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean?
The Cimarron meridian
John "Darkie" Smith trained a boxer who scored victories over six what?
world champions
During the Burgfriedenspolitik, the SPD voted for debt securities that finance what?
military operations
What was the venue where UFC 191 was held originally called?
MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center
The untitled "Fantastic Beasts" sequel is an upcoming fantasy drama film produced by Heyday Films, it will serve as the second film instalment in the "Fantastic Beasts" series and the tenth overall in J. K. Rowling's Wizarding World, the franchise that began with which series?
Harry Potter
The Old "New York Evening Post" Building is the former office and printing plant of the "New York Evening Post" newspaper, located in which city?
New York City
What is the centerpiece of a former monastery complex of the Canons Regular of the Lateran, opposite of the chief diplomatic mission of the United Kingdom in Lithuania that represents the British Overseas Territories in Lithuania ?
St. Peter and St. Paul's Church
Did Brett Anderson or Michael Monroe release the most solo albums?
Brett Lewis Anderson
Does Dean Silvers or Anja Salomonowitz have more titles in the entertainment industry?
Dean Silvers
What Hindi singer originally sang the song "Har Kisi Ko"? 
Manhar Udhas
What cable and satellite television channel was founded in 1992 and showed the premier episode of The Tex Avery Show?
Cartoon Network
What was the position in the Wehrmacht of the deputy head of the counter-espionage bureau in the Abwehr who worked with Otto Armster?
general
Nine Black Alps and Big Data are both bands?
yes
The 601 is equipped with which American all-weather, carrier-capable tactical airborne early warning (AEW) aircraft?
Northrop Grumman E-2C Hawkeye
What prize was the translator of the song "My Boy" awarded? 
the Gold Badge
What year was the actress portraying Buffy Summers born?
1977
When was the director and co-writer of Ratatouille born?
September 24, 1957
Consider the band that wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin. In what year were they form?
1984
On the Riviera was choreographed by the man known as what?
the Father of Theatrical Jazz Dance
Which actress that was a member of South Korean girl group is co-staring in Unexpected Love?
Krystal Jung
Thermopsis rhombifolia could be found in the Great Plains, where do Great Plains could be found in the United States?
west of the Mississippi River
In what country is the company headquartered where Walter van de Vijver was the head of exploration and production until 2004?
the Netherlands
who is a Professor of Chemical and Biological Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison known is leadership of industrial R&D organizations at both Dow Chemical Company and n American multinational conglomerate corporation incorporated in New York and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts ?
William F. Banholzer
What kind of group does Trym Torson and Emperor have in common?
band
Which actress stared in The Rippling Blossom and Curse of the Royal Harem?
Myolie Wu
The 2010 Brit Awards were hosted by Peter Kay and a television presenter best known for what telethons?
"Red Nose Day"
Who directed the film that had all the same stars as That One night?
James Wong
Revolutions of Time...The Journey features recordings made for which eighteenth studio album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson?
Red Headed Stranger
Die by the drop is second album released on March 30 2010 by a Rock supergroup . In which City and state was this rock supergroup formed in 2009 ?
Nashville, Tennessee
A low cost airline made plans to operate intercontinental flights from its home at the main domestic hub and international airport in Norway, and second-busiest airport in the Nordic countries, to the International airport in what American city? 
New York City
In which year was the farming simulation video game published by Chucklefish released for Microsoft Windows?
2016
Where was the person who Charles Bowden was a witness in their murder born?
Dublin
H. Lee Peterson is a veteran animation editor, having worked on such titles as "Aladdin", "Pocahontas", and "Home on the Range" as well as which 2000 American CGI animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney?
Dinosaur
Which judge presided over a murder case involving a New England Patriots tight end in 2015?
Eleanor Susan Garsh
Fall River Heritage State Park is next to the home of the battleship with what nickname?
Big Mamie
What is the name of this fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics that Clark Kent fights in New York in the novel "It's Superman!?"
Lex Luthor
How does Tina Lenert act out a story?
through body motions, without use of speech
Which Italian port do many of the inhabitants of La Boca in Buenos Aires originate from?
Genoa
Former French professional football player, who made three goals in the 1989 Coupe de France Final, was named European Footballer of the Year in what year?
1991
Do either Chamaelirium or Aphyllanthes have more than one species?
no
Doc Gessler began his career with the team that is now part of what American League division?
Central
Who was born more recently, Cumrun Vafa, or Rumi?
Rumi
What record producer has produced records from an English tenor and actor born 29 September 1973?
Morgan Pochin
What was the number one-single by an English singer from her eponymous debut studio album?
New Rules
Guerillas in Pink Lace starred the actor and painter of what nationality?
American
Are Daqing and Gaomi at the same administrative city level?
no
What is the population of this village in Albany County, New York, located 2.8 miles north of Hannacroix, New York?
3,268
What year was the first founder of Boies, Schiller & Flexner L.L.P. born?
1941
What is a film of 2007 by Russian-Ukrainian director Kira Muratova starring a Russian actress, director, and screenwriter?
Two in One
What  is a large, public flagship research university in Seattle, Washington, established in 1861,  University of Florida or University of Washington?
The University of Washington
What is the name of Luke Bryan's fifth studio album which features the song "Strip it Down"?
Kill the Lights
Who sang the theme song for a British comedy-drama television programme about seven British migrant construction workers?
Gary Holton
The father of Otto III was Holy Roman Emperor until his death in what year?
983
Which King of the United Kingdom received birthday homours in 1936 and abdicated in the same year?
Edward VIII
Who was born first Andrzej Munk or Franklin Adreon?
Franklin "Pete" Adreon
Harriet Guild graduated from which academic medical teaching and research arm of the university with the same name?
Johns Hopkins School of Medicine
What occupation did both Carole Penny Marshall and Doug Langway perform?
director
Simmias of Thebes appears as a main discussion partner in a dialogue from the man who founded what?
the Academy in Athens
Rocket Rods opened on the infrastructure of what Disneyland attraction that operated from 1967 to 1995?
PeopleMover
Who were the lyrics in the Broadway musical where Lena Hall played Nicola by?
Cyndi Lauper
Who was born in an earlier year, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario or Mark Edmondson?
Mark Edmondson
What Luftwaffe general who was responsible for the murder of the male civilians of a Greek village was later convicted for war crimes?
Kurt Student
What is the  action hack and slash video game based on a  Marvel Studios film directed by Kenneth Branagh, written by Ashley Edward Miller & Zack Stentz and Don Payne, and stars Chris Hemsworth?
Thor: God of Thunder
What is the name of this Austrian-born British molecular biologist and recipient of the 1962 Nobel Prize for Chemistry after whom S. Samar Hasnain's professorship is named?
Max Perutz
Joi Harris was killed while filming a motorcycle stunt, doubling as "Domino" on the set of which film intended to be the twelfth installment in the "X-Men" film series?
Deadpool 2
Who is part of both New Order and The Other Two?
Stephen Paul David Morris
Who is affiliated with more bands, Ronnie James Dio or Luca Prodan?
Ronnie James Dio
What 2005 French Psychological thriller stars Belgian actress Marie Kremer?
Caché
Which American botanist and inventor, born into slavery in Missouri, was sculpted into a monument by Tina Allen?
George Washington Carver
Tim Colceri, is an American actor and comedian, he is most known for his role in the Stanley Kubrick film "Full Metal Jacket", released in which year, where he played the door gunner who uttered the much-quoted lines "Get some!", adopted as the byline for the 2008 movie "Tropic Thunder")?
1987
Has Lin-Manuel Miranda or The Barefoot Executive received more awards?
Lin-Manuel Miranda
Song of Scheherazade is a 1947 American musical film directed by Walter Reisch which features what Canadian-American actress, dancer, and singer?
Yvonne De Carlo
Thomas William Baxter played on the left wing for which Northern Irish, intermediate football club who are based in Ballyskeagh, County Down and play in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League?
Lisburn Distillery Football Club
Which is cultivated across more continents, Clintonia or Washingtonia? 
Washingtonia
What T.V. show did the episode Colonel Homer air on?
The Simpsons
The event that caused the destruction of America's "Black Wall Street" in 1921 resulted in how many deaths according the American Red Cross?
300
What was the battle cited as at which John Brown commanded forces during the Kansas campaign and took place on June 2, 1856?
Bleeding Kansas
Ocean's 11 stars an American entertainer who starred in his own weekly comedy series playing a talk show host, and who appeared on television as early as what year?
1948
In the 1981 Volvo Masters who beat the winner of the 1975 Wimbledon men's double that partnered with Sandy Mayer?
Ivan Lendl
Which of these two men worked as a professor at New York University, Frankie Kazarian or Paul Boghossian?
Paul Boghossian
What is the name of this fifth episode of The Simpsons tenth season, in which Leary and Brian Grazer appeared as guest stars as themselves?
When You Dish Upon a Star
Voyage of the Little Mermaid is a live show attraction at a theme park that opened in which year ?
1989
The Monster by Eminem was a top-selling single globally in 2013-14 including New Zealand, and featured which guest singer?
Rihanna
In 2008 City Theatre Dublin ran productions of a play by who?
Oscar Wilde
Who was born first, Jim Crace or Cid Corman?
Cid (Sidney) Corman
What film did Timothy Bjorklund create in 2004?
Teacher's Pet is a 2004 American animated musical
Portishead and The Replacements, are which type of musical organization?
band
Who edited the essays of the man who received the Nobel Prize in literature in 1946?
Theodore Ziolkowski.
What was the original title of the opera in which Placido Domingo first appeared in 1961?  
"Violetta"
Which mountain is Earth's highest peak, Ghent Kangri, or Mount Everest?
Mount Everest
At which university did the father of Damien Wilkins play shooting guard/small forward collegiately?
University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
Who was an American former professional baseball left fielder, Andrea Martin or Chuck Essegian?
Charles Abraham "Chuck" Essegian
Which single from Portishead's second studio album was #25 in the UK charts at the time if it's release?
Over
is a British Sikh centenarian marathon runner of Punjabi Indian descent.
Fauja Singh
Aleksei Balabanov and Jean Vigo, have which occupation in common?
film director
What English actor and musician starred in a movie with Harrison Ford in 1983?
Kenneth George Baker
Which band was formed first, Navarone or Balance and Composure?
Balance and Composure
Flula Borg, who was one of the writers for the film "Buddymoon", is currently living in what city?
Los Angeles
Which hospital shares its grounds with the Washington Hospital Center, Howard University Hospital or Children's National Medical Center?
Children’s National Medical Center
What is the first book in the prequel series to the four books referred to also as the Predator Cities Quartet by Philip Reeve?
Fever Crumb
Francis Ponge and Theodore Roethke, have which occupation in common?
poet
Are both The California Reich and Andrew and Jeremy Get Married based in the US?
no
What cycling team from Russia was in the 2015 Danmark Rundt?
Tinkoff
What channel does Southern at Heart and Damaris Phillips have in common?
Food Network
What 2010 championship did the driver, who finished second in the 2017 Mexico City ePrix, win?
British Formula 3 Championship
What is the name of the television adaptor of the historical novel by Ken Follett published in 1989?
Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Jeff Beck was a guitarist for the English rock band formed in London in what year?
1963
Was Lev Kuleshov and Lo Wei work in the same country?
no
Which film director, Cheick Oumar Sissoko or Michel Boisrond, also held a career in politics?
Cheick Oumar Sissoko
Which university uses English as the language of instruction, University of A Coruña or German University in Cairo?
German University in Cairo
Lars Nieuwpoort formerly played for which Dutch club, founded in 2001?
Almere City Football Club
American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score was composed bu what American composer born in 1955
Thomas Newman
Mastermind and Small World, are what form of entertainment?
game
The Amazing Race Canada 3 compete for a grand prize that includes the opportunity to fly anywhere for a year on this airlines founded in what year?
1937
Michiyo Yasuda worked for which Koganei-based animation studio?
Studio Ghibli
Mount Roberts' peak in located within a property that encompasses how many acres?
5500
When was the American actor and comedian who starred in "The Shaggy Dog" born? 
June 13, 1953
What was the venue of the NHL draft that last featured 10 U.S.-trained players in the first round before 2010?
Nationwide Arena
Lincoln County, Kansas has a county seat of a city with a population of what as of 2010?
1,297
What type of profession does Utpala Sen and Hemanta Mukherjee have in common?
singer
Horatio was present on the battlefield when Hamlet's father defeated the prince who delivers the final lines of the play that represent a hopeful future for which country?
Denmark
Which ABC talk show host appeared in the documentary Manny?
Jimmy Kimmel
What company did producers of A.I. Artificial Intelligence co-found in 1981
Amblin Entertainment
Are Anda, Heilongjiang and Beibei District both in the Chongqing municipality?
no
Kathy Jordan and Jack Sock, share which occupation?
tennis player
What member of blues rock band from Athens, Alabama helped found Single Lock Records?
Ben Tanner
Bass Player and Lindy's Sports, are a type of which publication?
magazine
What country of origin does Nickelodeon Animation Studio and The Loud Househave in common?
American
The River Dee flows through Wales and what village in England?
Farndon is a village
Jurij Slatkonja was a choirmaster for which State of the Holy Roman Empire?
Duchy of Carniola
Which was created first, Solarquest or The Great Train Robbery?
The Great Train Robbery
Beaconsfield Supply Store was the birthplace of the supermarkets founded in what year?
1930
Where was Riverdance, whose music was created by Máirtín O'Connor, first performed in 1995?
Dublin
Who hosted "The Toast of the Town" and also featured guest performer Sandy Stewart?
Ed Sullivan
Which magazine has been published in more countries, More or My Weekly?
More
Ivar the Boneless was the brother of which 9th century Viking chieftain?
Ubba
Pennsylvania Route 436 has a southern terminus at the route that is a spur of what other US route?
US 19
In which county is the city in which Jovita Idár was born ?
Webb County,
Who was Anil Mohile's partner married to?
Anuradha Paudwal
The Oregon Trail is a 2009 iOS and DSiware version of a computer game that was designed to teach school children about the realities of pioneer life in what century?
19th-century
Osechi-ryōri, are traditional food,started in the Heian Period (794-1185), sometimes used to celebrate which annual festival with its own customs?
Japanese New Year
How far is Medesano located from the capital of  the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy?
100 km
How many people was this American contract killer and serial killer, who was the subject of the movie The Iceman, convicted of killing?
five
Manning Field at John L. Guidry Stadium was named for the family headed by the quarterback who played in the NFL for how many seasons?
16
Are Clerodendrum and Bergenia from the same family?
no
Noble Henry Willingham, Jr and the founder of the Chun Kuk Do school of fighting appeared together in which TV series?
Walker, Texas Ranger
Where was the drivers' world champion of 1995 born?
Lanark
As of May 2017, Anthony Joshua is ranked as the world's best heavyweight by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board and BoxRec, the second British boxer, after which British professional boxer, to win both a gold medal at the Olympics and a world title by a major professional sanctioning body, as well as being the first British heavyweight to do so?
James Frederick DeGale
Pinocchio and The Devil and Max Devlin were both produced by what entity?
Walt Disney Productions
Iron City is now produced in a brewery that was once used to produce beer from company that was founded in what year?
1839
Bridge Plaza in Brooklyn is bordered on the west by the bridge that has a length of what?
6855 ft
Are Agon and Medina both games for exactly two players?
no
Do Melville Shavelson and Jason Reitman have different nationalities?
yes
In the twelfth season of "The Simpsons" who represented an American pioneer nurseryman who introduced apple trees to large parts of Pennsylvania, Ontario, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, as well as the northern counties of present-day West Virginia?
Lisa
Dan Bejar and Stacey McClean, are both artists, what is their occupation?
singer
Which NBA team did the 1999 NBA Draftee that is one of only two players to have won  EuroLeague title, an NBA championship, and an Olympic gold medal play for?
San Antonio Spurs
Where is the 181st Infantry Brigade's headquarters in Rock Island Arsenal located in the U.S?
Illinois
Svetlana Andreyevna Ivanova starred in which film about the 2008 South Ossetia war ?
August Eighth
"Born Rich" and "Innocence" are what type of films?
documentary film
Which of these names is a genus of plant that consists of grass species:  Poa or Gymnocladus?
Poa
Which Manson Family member, nicknamed "Blue," appeared in The Family Jams album?
Sandra Collins Good
Whale watching in New Zealand is predominantly centered around the areas of Kaikoura and the Hauraki Gulf, the Hauraki Gulf Marine Park (just outside Auckland city) is also a significant whale watching area with a resident population including which toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family, of which it is the largest member?
Orca
I've Got My Own Hell to Raise by Bettye LaVette was released September 27, 2005, the album comprises covers of songs written by other female artists including which American singer-songwriter and author, and is the eldest daughter of country music icon Johnny Cash and his first wife, Vivian Liberto Cash Distin?
Rosanne Cash
Which President of the United States planned to trade and build skyscrapers in German in 2000?
Donald Trump
NBA Jam Extreme is a 1996 basketball arcade game by Acclaim Entertainment based on the 1996–97 NBA season, "Extreme" also features which longtime American sports broadcaster, and honored for his work as a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame?
Marv Albert
University of Pittsburgh and Northwestern University, are both which type of universities?
research
The radio series "Hollywood PLayhouse" was sponsored by Jergens Lotion and a company founded in what year?
1870
Who is the director of a film which featured the winner of FX's inaugural MMA competition?
James Z. Feng
Which Floyd County university does Linda C. Gugin teach Emeritus of Political Science?
Indiana University Southeast
Do both Rongcheng, Shandong and Dongsheng District border the Yellow Sea?
no
Which animated film was released first, Khan Kluay or A Town Called Panic?
Khan Kluay
Who has more experience singing in bands, Jacob Hoggard or King Diamond?
King Diamond
Did Tampa Bay Rays acquired any veteran players from Red Sox?
veteran stars Wade Boggs
Where is the Disney-Pixar film co-directed by the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature set?
the Scottish Highlands
Of the two presidents who served during the heyday of the "Kansas City Star," which one did NOT use nuclear weapons in war?
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Who was the grandson of King George V, and had a school built in honor of him in Oundle, Northamptonshire?
Prince William of Gloucester
When will the election be held that includes democrat Jay Gonzalez as a candidate?
November 6, 2018
Robert Walser and Ira Levin are both a?
writer
Which of the following is a progressive magazine that comes out quarterly: Jewish Currents or Card Player?
Jewish Currents
Who was the author of the novel which was the basis for the 2011 film of the same nae which starred the actress whose screen debut was in the television film "Replacing Dad"?
Kaui Hart
Pandaemonium, 1660-1886: The Coming of the Machine as Seen by Contemporary Observers is a book of contemporary observations of the coming, development and impact of the Industrial Revolution in the United Kingdom, collected by documentary film-maker Humphrey Jenningsm and published posthumously in 1985 by Icon Books, the book takes its title from the first excerpt within it, the section in Book I of "Paradise Lost" (1660) in which English poet, polemicist, man of letters, and civil servant for the Commonwealth of England under Oliver Cromwell, describes the building of Pandaemonium, the capital city of Hell?
John Milton
Tracy Chevalier and Dashiell Hammett, have which shared nationality?
American
Who distributed the short film "Turbo Charged Prelude"?
Universal Pictures
Captain China stars the actor known for playing whom in "The Wolf Man"?
Larry Talbot
What is the name of the woman who shot Selena Quintanilla in the back and killed her at the Days Inn motel in Corpus, Christi?
Yolanda Saldívar (born September 19, 1960) is an American woman who was convicted of the murder of Tejano singer, Selena Quintanilla-Pérez
Which film did Jennifer Tilly star in 12 years before the release of The Making of Plus One?
Bride of Chucky
Which band has more members, The Kooks or Grant Lee Buffalo?
The Kooks
Ian Cognito is a British stand-up comedian who has been compared to a Jewish-American stand-up comedian who was convicted in an obcenity trial in what year?
1964
Freddy Mveng plays for which Swiss football club based in Lausanne?
FC Lausanne-Sport
What distinction does the representative who drew national media attention to the death of Aiyana Jones hold?
Dean of the House of Representatives
The second President of Egypt led the Free Officers Movement along with what other man?
Muhammad Naguib
Who is older, Diederik Boer or Jasper Cillessen?
Diederik Boer
Are Yeo Hoon-min and John Kay both singers ?
yes
A foam weapon, a padded mock weapon used for simulated handheld combat, is used in a North American medieval combat sport, begun in 1977 with the creation of what?
Dagorhir
How many existing basic design types are there of the weapons the United States and the Soviet Union had an arms race over?
three
Where was William Shakespeare tragedy that Bruto Castellani appeared in first performed?
the Blackfriars Theatre or the Globe Theatre
The county in which Marie Thompson was lynched in 1904 was founded in what year?
1796
What was the name of the worlds largest cricket stadium where John Wayne Hasting played?
Melbourne Cricket Ground
What is the population of the town which has the headquarters of the TrustCo Bank ?
29,480
What is the birth date of the composer who created the opera the Consul? 
Gian Carlo Menotti (] ; July 7, 1911 – February 1, 2007)
In what city is the Harrah's Cherokee operator, Caesars Entertianment Corporation, based?
Paradise, Nevada
Do Onyx and Game For Fame follow the same genre?
no
What nationality was the collaborator of Owen Chamberlain in the work for which he received his Nobel prize ?
Italian
NHL commissioner was a position created in 1993 by a person who graduated from which universities ?
Cornell University and New York University School of Law
A mineral discovered by Travis Olds is named in honor of what Hungarian-born physicist and inventor?
Leo Szilard
Where is the home ground of the the other franchise  owned by Fawad Rana except The Durban Qalandars?
Gaddafi Stadium
The company that has held the distributorship of Polo and Ralph Lauren products in Asia is chaired by a businessman that controls 40.13% of the voting capital of DCIL through what?
trusts
Who produce the British crime drama series in which Ricky Tomlinson acted as DCI Charlie Wise?
Granada Television for ITV
The Second Faymann government was succeeded by which now-incumbent Government of Austria?
Kern government
Describe the type of banking in Hong Kong prior to 1964
transactions between private parties are free from government intervention
What is the release year of this song written by Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman and part of the Greatest Hits album by ZZ Top released in 1992?
1963
Protective coverings used to bind together the pages of a book are sometimes intentionally copied with what type of written work?
comics
 Runcorn signal box is located at the south end of the station managed by which company?
Virgin Trains
Which director, Susan Seidelman or Pier Paolo Pasolini, came to prominence in the 1980s with "Smithereens"?
Susan Seidelman
Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster that was the 14th roller coaster to be built at Cedar Point amusement park, since what wooden roller coaster opened to the public on May 23, 1964?
Blue Streak
The Onkaparinga River National Park in Onkaparinga Hills, South Australia is in which southern suburb?
Adelaide
During the Russell Athletic Bowl, the  2014 Clemson Tigers football team defeated a team that played their home games at what stadium?
Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium
What princely family did the family in which the station motto for the RAF Mount Batten branch from?
Battenberg family
Are Tim Burstall and James Bridges both screenwriter, film director, producer?
yes
Jay Clark Buckey, Jr., is an American physician and astronaut who flew aboard one space shuttle mission (STS-90) as a Payload Specialist, Buckey withdrew from the race when which former Governor, from New Hampshire, entered the race? 
Jeanne Shaheen
What nationality was the person The Rape of Lucretia was written for ?
English
Which tennis player is younger, Sun Tiantian or Anna Kournikova?
Sun Tiantian
Who was born in Barry, Wales and was involved in the E-borders programme?
Damian Green
Venkatesan Guruswami is a computer scientist at what private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Carnegie Mellon University
Edgar Howard Wright, is an English director, screenwriter, producer, and actor, and is known for Hot Fuzz, released in which year, an action comedy film directed by Edgar Wright?
2007
Where did the player who is ahead of Ray Rice in the Raven's list of all-time leading rushers play his college football ?
Tennessee
Six Days, Seven Nights was directed by a man who owns what production company?
The Montecito Picture Company
What year was the first entry in the series in which Xanthe Huynh was cast as Haru Okumura released?
1996
Are Poly-1 and Mattel Aquarius both home computers?
yes
The Cheakamus Valley basalts are part of what southwestern British Columbia formation?
Cascade Volcanoes
What is the nickname of the monarch to whom Francis Nethersole was secretary?
The Winter Queen
Mark Fuller presided over the case of the governor who was the last of what faith to hold the post in Alabama?
Roman Catholic
Which band was formed first Short Stack or This Picture?
This Picture
"Calling All Girls" is a song written by a musician of which nationality ?
English
The home of the first US Secretary of the Treasury is preserved at what memorial?
Hamilton Grange National Memorial
One Night in Istanbul stars a British actor and recording artist who is best known for his portrayal of Jonah Kirby on what BBC One drama?
Waterloo Road
What is the year of the event which occured first, Carnival! was produced, or Gower Champion was born?
1919
Autzen Stadium is located north of which public flagship research university in Eugene city?
University of Oregon
Which park is located in the Canary Islands in Spain, Cabañeros National Park or Garajonay National Park?
Garajonay National Park
What is the story line of the movie Chicken Little?
a chicken who believes the world is coming to an end
What character from Pearls Before Swine came from the superfamily Muroidea?
Rat
She attended college in the United States at Hampshire College, and held a role in an epic space opera. Who wrote and directed this film?
Rian Johnson
Who was the creator of Ripred the rat, and author of bestselling trilogy of chronicles including "Mockingjay"?
Suzanne Collins
What is the name of the main antagonist, son of Lady Capulet's brother and who was slain in a duel by Romeo Montague?
Tybalt
Barry Sonnenfeld and Patricio Guzmán, both are some form of director?
yes
Franz Burri, was a supporter of Nazi Germany from an early age and frequently visited the country during the 1930s, his hopes for a career in the SS were dashed when Reinhard Heydrich deemed him unsuitable, Heydrich was a high-ranking German Nazi official during World War II, and a main architect of which event?
Holocaust
Which 1997 children's-fantasy-comedy film stars a former child actress who now focuses on a career writing?
A Simple Wish
In what year was the movie Dragon Fist starring Nora Miao released?
1979
Which president signed this act that led to Choctaw tribe of Native Americans being forced to move out of Choctaw County by federal troops in 1830?
President Andrew Jackson
What was the 2016 album recorded by the lead vocalist from the band who recorded the single "Fallen Angels"?
The Shadow Side
Are McCall's and MODE both focused on plus-size consumers?
no
The label that has remixed the singer whose debut single was "Before Your Love/A Moment Like This" was established in what year?
1989
George Batchelor founded and edited what specific scientific journal that publishes original work encompassing the field of fluid mechanics?  
Journal of Fluid Mechanics
Sun Zhe and Yao Ming both play what sport?
Basketball
What other format was the Greatest Hits released on besides the analog sound storage medium known as LP?
cassette
What is the rebranded name of the racing series now that was won in 2016 by the Prema Powerteam?
FIA Formula 2 Championship
Who was a presidential nominee and praised Rober Pape's "Dying to Win"?
Ron Paul
This ferrocement building originally built by Martin Maurer is located in a hamlet with a population of what at the 2010 census?
4,472
Two years after the Coupe de France Final where Olympique de Marseille defeats AS Monaco, what honor did the man with the most goals that match receive?
European Footballer of the Year
What band did Red Triangle work with that was from Derby, Derbyshire, England?
The Struts
What is the name of the opera created by a composer of Italian and French opera in the early classical period?
Il re pastore
Which top-selling luxury automobile was the body of Robert Donati found in?
Cadillac
When was the studio behind Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 bought by The Walt Disney Company?
August 2015
Wistful, an American racehorse, won at which Louisville, Kentucky Grade 1 stakes race?
The Kentucky Oaks
When did the younger sister of Tanushree Dutta appear in a Kannada comedy film directed by Pon Kumaran?
2015
 Temptations Live! features an American baritone singer nicknamed what?
Big Daddy
Are Schwantesia and Campsis both varieties of plant?
yes
The director who wrote the science-fiction horror comedy Bad Taste was born in which country?
New Zealand
The father of the current manager of Maidenhead United appeared more than 100 times in what football league?
The Football League for Chester and Crystal Palace
Which dating site can members interested in Hillary Clinton's rival use?
Bernie Singles
Who first wrote the story of a clever cat using whiles to gain power at Oiron?
Giovanni Francesco Straparola
What was the original film of the remake that stars the guitarist of the band Doyle?
Don't Look in the Basement
Where was the foremost disciple of the Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani classical music a principal?
Bhatkhande Music Institute
Are both Weimaraner and Old Time Farm Shepherd types of dogs?
yes
What Australian tv show is Brittany Beattie best known for winning?
Australia's Next Top Model
What profession did both Reginald Denham and Jean-Pierre Jeunet have?
film director
What nationality was the inventor of the first vacuum pump?
German
What fictional race of extraterrestrial shapeshifters does Lyja belong to?
Skrull
Nickelodeon has which sister network, airing as a pan-European digital channel?
Nickelodeon Junior
When was the American Chemist born, who introduced the first Ice-type model?
February 28, 1901
What university supports a publication by an organization devoted to the study of ethics, theology, and religion from an evangelical perspective?
Biola University
Which award-winning author was born first, Flannery O'Connor or Alice Munro?
Flannery O'Connor
My Tutor actor Matt Lattanzi was once married to what famous singer and actor?
Olivia Newton-John
Which Portuguese winger played beside  Zlatan Ibrahimović in the 2008-09 Inter Milan team ?
Quaresma
What is the scientific name for the animal that the Naybandan Wildlife Sanctuary hold the highest population of?
Acinonyx jubatus venaticus
Michael Maniaci is the type of voice that is a specific type of what?
countertenor
Are  Escobaria and Perilla both mint species?
no
Illumination Entertainment,  is best known for being the creators of the "Despicable Me" franchise, its spin-off/prequel "Minions" and the films "Sing" and "The Secret Life of Pets" ,  a 2016 American computer-animated film of what genre?
comedy
In what year was the university where Taede A. Smedes received his Ph.D founded?
1614
What suburb is in the south of Adelaide, South Australia that has a metropolitan neighboring suburb of Seaford, as well as Maslin Beach, Seaford Rise, and Port Noarlunga?
Moana
Mark Selby played guitar for the American country music singer who was part of what battle?
Battle of Mogadishu
Who is dedicated more to the environment, Wallace Stegner or Miguel Delibes?
Wallace Earle Stegner
What is the name of the elder brother emperor that signed the Truce of Ratisbon?
Ferdinand IV
The Temple of Diana in ancient Rome was a Roman temple which, according to the early semi-legendary history of Rome, was built in the 6th century BC during the reign of the king Servius Tullius, the regal period, also called what, was the period of the ancient Roman civilization characterized by a monarchical form of government of the city of Rome and its territories?
Roman Kingdom
What TV network founded in 1984 is co owned by the Hearst Corporation and Disney?
Arts and Entertainment Network
Joseph Wolf became the preferred illustrator for this explorer who  had an obsession with discovering the sources of the Nile River 
David Livingstone
Did Jimi Jamison or Andrew Montgomery's band begin performing earlier?
Jimmy Wayne "Jimi" Jamison
Captain Douglas Ricardo "Doug" Beattie MC is an Irish soldier and politician, "Born in barracks"" in 1965, his father was a warrant officer in which infantry rifle regiment of the British Army, first created in 1881 by the amalgamation of the 83rd (County of Dublin) Regiment of Foot and the 86th (Royal County Down) Regiment of Foot, but became which organization on 1 January 1921?
Royal Ulster Rifles
Hartwall Ltd. and Scottish & Newcastle plc are both companies that brew what type of drink?
beer
In 1988 Allmänna Svenska Elektriska Aktiebolaget merged with a swiss company headquartered in what city?
Zürich
In which PBS music program the writer of the song  "The Hands You're Holding Now" appeared?
Austin City Limits
What network of trails at Warrior State Park was used by the Iroquois in war raids with the Cherokee and other tribes and was named by British traders by combining its name among the northeastern Algonquian tribes, "Mishimayagat" or "Great Trail", with that of the Shawnee and Delaware, "Athawominee" or "Path where they go armed"?
Great Indian Warpath
When was the author of the novel that Everybody's All-American was based on born?
December 16, 1938
The biggest tributary of the Mississippi runs through what Indiana county?
Perry County
Where are the Elderships of Lithuania located?
located on the left bank of the Nemunas River
The Flowers of Evil was serialized between 2009 and 2014 in a manga magazine that was started in what month?
September
What singer from the band "Mary Mary" shared the job title of host for an awards show with a television star?
Erica Campbell
Was The Stuff of Legend an American comedy like The Boatniks?
no
The song "Young and Menace" is the lead single from the band Fall Out Boy's Mania, which was released when?
January 19, 2018
Mario Terán, is the Bolivian Army sergeant who was chosen to carry out the execution of which Marxist revolutionary, an Argentine Marxist revolutionary, physician, author, guerrilla leader, diplomat and military theorist?
Che Guevara
Back to the moon is the first book by an author born on which day ?
February 19, 1943
Acorus and Clivia, are which specific genus?
monocot flowering plants
Omar Metwally played "Dr. Fahim Nasir" in a movie directed by who?
Jaume Collet-Serra
Are Schwantesia and Cleome both flowering plants?
no
Which episode of this season of "The Simpsons"' that had two hold-over episodes from the previous season was written by Ken Keeler, Dan Greaney, and David S. Cohen?
Treehouse of Horror VII
Who were the directors of the 1997 documentary film which starred the actress best known for her long-running TV variety show, "The Carol Burnett Show"?
Chris Hegedus and D. A. Pennebaker
Syed Noor and Paul Sloane, have which occupation in common?
film director
Who wrote the movie Brigitte Nielsen starred in in 1986?
Sylvester Stallone
What is the same of the city that  is the second largest city municipality in Italy and appeared in The 2010 Giro d'Italia?
Verona
What live series did the American comedian, who was replaced by Andrew Lawrence in "Stand Up for the Week," write and perform in?
"Saturday Night Live"
Who was the director of the 2008 English-language science fiction action film in which a French former kickboxer and K-1 fighter starred?
Mathieu Kassovitz
Which of the two, Vanderbilt University or Wake Forest University is nonprofit?
Wake Forest University
Where is the wild cat preditor of the European rabbit native to?
the Iberian Peninsula
Which king had erected the original memorials of which the The Queen Eleanor Memorial Cross at Charing Cross Station is a replica  ?
King Edward I
Jim Berger and John Rich, have which shared occupation?
singer
The Steam Wheel Tank was evaluated at which US Army facility?
Aberdeen Proving Ground
Are Billy Gibbons and Deni Hines both from Australia?
no
"To the End of the Earth" is a song that was promoted at a super-regional shopping centre with how many stores initally?
88
Are both Magnapop and Nine Lashes American rock bands from Alabama  who recorded in the 1990s?
no
Terlingua Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Texas, it is a tributary of which one of the principal rivers in the southwest United States and northern Mexico (the other being the Colorado River), and begins in south-central Colorado in the United States and flows to the Gulf of Mexico?
Rio Grande
Who was born first out of directors George Cukor and John Greyson?
George Dewey Cukor
What is bass player Stuart Sutcliffe often referred to, thanks to his presence on a band's early demo recordings?
Fifth Beatle
Who created the series who has Peter Brown as the protagonist ?
L. Frank Baum
The 2010 Pro Bowl and the Super Bowl XLIV both took place where?
Miami Gardens, Florida
Which musical adapted by Roald Dahl plays the song Revolting Children? 
Matilda the Musical
What island is the only home to the snake commonly known as The Golden Lancehead?
Ilha da Queimada Grande
What is the name of the stage production that Wim Hogenkamp starred in that started out as a rock musical?
Hair
The writer of the the "Garage Sale" episode of "The Office" was born in what year?
1960
When was the movement took place which spread beyond the United States through the writings of Steve Biko in South Africa?
mid-1960s
What is the name of this music festival in the United States in 1969 whose creators were represented by Bob Donnelly?
Woodstock
Do Alopecurus and Butea both belong to the same taxonomic family?
no
Which tower is taller, 8 Spruce Street or The Steinway Tower?
The Steinway Tower
The Promise starred the Hong Kong actress who is considered what?
Sing girl
What is the nationality of the composer who wrote String Quartet No. 10?
Czech
In what city is the college preparatory private school where the author of the novel featuring symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu located?
Beverly Hills, California
What executive producer of The Real Housewives of Miami is also the first openly gay host of an American late-night talk show?  
Andrew Joseph "Andy" Cohen
What region does this safari attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom, located next to the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail, simulate?
East Africa
Who wrote the play on which Alfred Hitchcock's first Technicolor film was based ?
Patrick Hamilton,
Are Shelby Cannon and Andrei Olhovskiy both from America?
no
Twelve FCM F1's were ordered in 1940 to replace a tank that was, in physical dimensions the largest what?
operational tank ever made
What song by Milenge Milenge was featured in "When We Met"?
Jab We Met
which star of "Dial a Prayer" was born on March 9, 1986 ?
Brittany Snow
Which entity does this political philosophy that is sometimes associated with an inherent utopia believe in removing from society?
the state
Which Missouri football team did former NFL running back Doug Dresser play for?
Kansas City Chiefs
 Keith Michael Yandle  is an American ice hockey defenseman currently playing for a professional ice hockey team founded in 1993 as a what?
expansion team
were Elizabeth Taylor and Dino Buzzati both well known or world famours?
yes
Are both A Midsummer Night's Dream and La sonnambula operas?
yes
What is the birth year of the Chinese businessman and racing driver who competes in the sports car racing series developed by the SRO Group and regulated by the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile?
1983
Anne Preven co-wrote which song with Scott Cutler and Phil Thornalley in 1993?
Torn
Which singer was a member of Modern Talking, Thomas Anders or Muhammed Suiçmez?
Thomas Anders
Mike Murphy was the trainer of which "Boston Strong Boy"?
John Lawrence Sullivan
How many books has the journalist, whose second book is Monday Morning Blues:, published ? 
six
Who organizes the awards show that BTS won New Artist of the Year award in 2013?
LOEN Entertainment
Who, also publishing under the name Lydia Gregory, also published Wagon Train to the Stars?
Diane Carey
Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game is a role-playing game set in the "Star Wars" universe, written and published by West End Games (WEG) between 1987 and 1999, the game system was slightly modified and rereleased in 2004 as which generic science fiction role-playing game (RPG), based on the "D6 System"?
D6 Space
Which star of Dramatic School was the first actor to win more than one Academy Award?  
Luise Rainer
Which tournament won by Diego Sanchez in the middleweight category involved mixed martial arts fighters who were trained in two separate teams by UFC Light Heavyweight fighters Chuck Liddell and Randy Couture?
The Ultimate Fighter 1
In which city and state is the Jerusalem District No. 5 Schoolhouse located?
Levittown in Nassau County, New York
The actor who plays Little John on the show " Big John, Little John" is known for playing which character in "The Brady Bunch" ?
Cousin Oliver
Grosvenor House is owned by the president of what authority?
Dubai Civil Aviation Authority
What is the population of the town that Anthony Colby was originally from?
4,397
In which town was the writer of the song You Take Me for Granted born ?
Vienna, Missouri
Giuseppe "Oscar" Damiani is the agent of a French-born Gabonese professional footballer how is known for his speed, and clocked how many metres in 3.7 seconds?
30 metres
Tunnel Vision is a single from an album, when was the album released?
March 31, 2017
The hotel and casino in Winchester, Nevada where the 37th Daytime Emmy Awards were held, has how many hotel rooms?
2,956 hotel rooms
Tim McCarty is an American football coach and former player, from 1999 to 2003 McCarty was the head football coach at which four-year private Christian liberal arts college in Hillsboro, Kansas, United States?
Tabor College
Where is the band who released Steroids from?
Sacramento, California
Who has performed more roles in the film industry, Max Neufeld or Benedek Fliegauf?
Max Neufeld
What is the middle name of the tennis player who lost to Pete Sampras in the 1994 Lipton Championships-Men's Singles?
Kirk
The Chief Product Officer of the company who acquired FreeCharge for $400 million also works for which social media application?
Facebook Inc.
In what country does the Franz Beckenbauer Cup take place?
Germany
Non-Stop Mix Best is by a pair of producers who are of what heritage?
Belgian
SuperFresh is a supermarket brand owned by Key Food Stores Co-op, Inc. is a cooperative of independently owned supermarkets, founded in Brooklyn, New York on which date?
April 20, 1937
Where is this mixed martial arts even taking place?
New York
Which was launched first, the Swedish satellite Odin or the Herschel Space Observatory?
Odin
"México Lindo y Querido" is a mariachi and ranchera song made famous by a singer born in this year?
1911
Which publisher created this fictional supervillain that Michael Dobson voiced?
Marvel Comics
What supervillain appears in The Batman Adventures and from DC Comics?
Harley Quinn
Who directed the film for which Eric Roberts earned an Academy Award nomination ?
Andrei Konchalovsky
Who developed the show that "Cartoon Wars Part I" is the third episode of?
Brian Graden
Are Jason Schwartzman and Rob Halford from the same country?
no
David Lee Smith appeared in what 1999 film based on a Chuck Palahniuk novel?
Fight Club
La Bella portrait is housed in a Palazzo situated next to which river ?
River Arno
Get Outta My Dreams, Get into My Car was taken from a line in the song released in what year in the US?
1960
Which film was released first, The Three Caballeros or Aliens of the Deep?
The Three Caballeros
True Link Financial, Inc. is a San Francisco, California based financial services firm that offers investment accounts and debit cards customized for seniors, Notable investors includes Alexis Kerry Ohanian, an American Internet entrepreneur and investor, who is co-founder and executive chairman of which social news website ?
Reddit
What daily political journal was Matthew Cooper the White House editor for?
National Journal
What Fox series was the man who wrote the script in which "The Disappointments Room" known for?
Prison Break
What actor from Caddyshack and The Great Santini starred in The Whoopee Boys
Michael O'Keefe
In what year was a Christmas movie starring the father of Angelina Jolie released?
2008
which is taller 1717 Broadway or One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza?
1717 Broadway
Which show, presented by an English journalist and known for being the sports correspondent for "BBC Breakfast," is a spin-off from Watchdog?
Food Inspectors
The wife of Leonard Lenihan works for a politician in what town?
Rochester
Who is older, Ara Parseghian or Tim Kurkjian?
Ara Raoul Parseghian (May 21, 1923
What city is the church that George Germanos founded in communion with?
Rome
During the 2014 Pittsburgh Steelers season This American was the coach, what year did he win Super Bowl XLIII?
2009
What position did the Croation goalscorer in the 2009–10 DFB-Pokal season final primarily play?
primarily plays as a striker
What animal has migrated from Souteast Asia and caused the extinction of The Kauaʻ i ʻ ōʻ ō in Hawaii?
Polynesian rat
What profession do John Rich and Shingai Shoniwa have in common?
singer
HMS Wellington, is a "Grimsby"-class sloop, formerly of the Royal Navy, now moored alongside the Victoria Embankment, at Temple Pier, on which river that flows through southern England?
River Thames
For You I Die is a 1947 film noir featuring a Russian-born American actor who first appeared in film in what year?
1928
Are Alex Manoogian and Sako Shahinian both illustrators?
no
What properties does AG Real Estate manage that is the detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation?
Logistics
Edwin Clark, was an English Civil Engineer, specialising in hydraulics, he is remembered principally as the designer of what, which two caisson lift lock near the village of Anderton, Cheshire, in North West England?
Anderton Boat Lift
Where is the unincorporated community and census-designated place which The New York Stakes is been held annually located
northwestern Hempstead
"Without You" is a song by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, It was originally released on their album, Dr. Feelgood is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on which date?
September 1, 1989
How does Fibigia differ from Ceratopetalum?
Ceratopetalum is a genus of nine species of shrub and tree in the family Cunoniaceae.
"Back in the U.S.S.R." is a 1968 song by the Beatles, it is credited to the songwriting partnership Lennon–McCartney, but written by who?
Paul McCartney
For what operating systems is the game for which Pedro Camacho wrote the score?
Microsoft Windows and Linux
Who is older, Arab-Israeli actor Mohammad Bakri or American painter Julian Schnabel?
Julian Schnabel
What type of dog appeard in Good-bye, My Lady.
hunting dog
Birkelandodden is the northern point of Akseloya, that was named for a Norwegian scientist who was nominated for the Nobel prize how many times?
seven
Are Wanding Town and Jiujiang, Guangdong both frontier towns?
no
Sándor Wolf was born in what state in Austria? 
Burgenland
Rodrigo Hinzpeter was appointed as a minister by a president who was in office between what years ?
between 2010 and 2014
Mehrdad Raissi Ardali has provided Persian voice over for which movie that was based on a honey bee that learns humans sell and consume honey?
Bee Movie
What position did the  man hold who held Executive Director of the Australia-Japan Research Centre until 2002, who was born in a town located approximately 630 kilometres north of the New South Wales State capital, Sydney, 340 km south of Brisbane, Queensland and approximately 35 km west of the Tasman Sea coast ?
Emeritus Professor of Economics
If you started out at 1 Penn Square in Philadelphia, which direction should you go to find the most notable partof the Avenue of the Arts?
south
Which board game was published first, Caylus or Titan?
Titan
Before starring in Searching for the Elephant, Jo Dong-kyuk made his acting debut in which 2002 film?
"Make It Big"
Old School led to increased exposure for which actor, known as Howard Wolowitz on "The Big Bang Theory"?
Simon Maxwell Helberg
What was the population in the 2010 census of the city in which Willson's Woods Park is located ?
67,292
The Garth Brooks song "Rodeo"  was part of which "Billboard" # 1 album?
Ropin' the Wind
What Swiss racing driver won the 1971 Race of Champions? 
Clay Regazzoni
What was the nationality of the person who wrote the text of "On the Death of the Righteous"?
English
What was the record label on which Taylor Swift recorded her debut studio album with the producer who graduated from Lee University?
Big Machine Records
Who was born in 1976 and had a song on Hits 57?
Blu Cantrell
In what year was the father of Robin Perutz born?
1914
Who was the director of the 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film in which Ashton Chen played the role of a martial arts student?
Wilson Yip
Who was a Panamaian professional basketball player for Atletico Echague Parana of the league commonly referred to as "La Liga"?
Josimar Abdiel Ayarza Tous
What countries have land borders with the country which Johannes (Juho) Lepistö served as member of Parliament?  
Sweden to the northwest, Norway to the north, and Russia to the east
Laura Bailey voiced a fictional character created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger in which comic franchise?
DC Comics
Melvin Booker played college basketball for a university that plays its home games at what arena?
Mizzou Arena
 Coeymans Hollow is located along what state highway in Albany County, New York, in the United States?
New York State Route 143
Were both Primo Levi and Bryce Courtenay advertising directors?
no
What South Korean singer and television personality hosted show also hosted by comedian Jeong Hyeong-don and rapper Defconn?
Ahn Hee-yeon
In which city was this American coffee company and coffeehouse chain, a competitor of Second Cup with over 20,000 locations worldwide, founded?
Seattle, Washington
Where did Madeleine Doran, who was born in the capital city of Utah, Salt Lake City graduate with her B.A. and her Ph.D.?
Stanford University
What plant is in the family Asteraceae, Decaisnea or Fleabane?
Fleabane
What is the nationality of the principal conductor for the 2004 German documentary film Rhythm Is It!?
English
Which American teen comedy adventure film directed by Schaffer did this American comedy writer, best known as a writer for the sitcom "Seinfeld" co-wrote?
EuroTrip
in "Chuck Versus the Dream Job", Stephen J. Bartowski is played by the star of what other science-fiction television series?
"Quantum Leap"
Adnan Oktar sent thousands of unsolicited copies of a book that was translated into which languages ?
English, German, Chinese, French, Dutch, Italian, Urdu, Hindi and Russian
"You Wanted More" is a 1999 song by the Los Angeles band Tonic that originally appeared in which 1999 teen sex comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz, in their directorial film debut?
American Pie
Who wrote the biography of American poet Ralph Waldo Emerson?
Alexander Ireland (1810–1894) was a Scottish journalist, man of letters, and bibliophile, notable as a biographer of Ralph Waldo Emerson
What city was the site of a 2015 South Korean thriller film that was released on Christmas Day and that starred an actor nominated for the Baeksang Arts Award for his performance?
Seoul
which Anglo-Irish satirist, was the friend of  Thomas Sheridan
Jonathan Swift
Where was the Shinee member who was born in Gwangmyeong, Gyeonggi-do discovered?
the 2006 S.M. Academy Casting
The second in line of succession to the British throne, after his father was the patron of what?
100 Women in Hedge Funds
What is the name of the castle where Sir John Gordon was forced to surrender under Argyll in 1644?
Kellie Castle
Charles Watson ran a company that was similar to which Texas-based rival?
Enron
Who is an indie pop singer that combines masculine and feminine characteristics?
Vinnie Who
Joe Cornish co-wrote a film based on what characters?
Scott Lang and Hank Pym
Penetrator was the type of aircraft that designated what General Dynamics medium-range tactical attack aircraft?
General Dynamics F-111 Aardvark
Tetsu was conceived by a chef born on which day ?
1 May 1954
Which retired kickboxer shares the record for world championship titles with Sem "Semmy" Schilt?
Ernesto Hoost
Are Canada Dry and Aquafina both carbonated beverages?
no
What village, named after a railroad attorney, is at the end of New York State Route 156?
Voorheesville
The actress who has been the voice of Minnie Mouse since 1986 also starred in a 1980 animvated TV special written by Romeo Muller and directed by who?
Charles Swenson
What is the name of the daughter of the novelist who wrote Joy in 1990 ?
Karis
Are both Twilight Struggle and Evo games?
yes
The Divide stars this American actor born in 1977 and played who on  the television series "Gilmore Girls"
Jess Mariano
Who oversaw the development of the Moog synthesizer, and whose seventeenth released album was "Switched-On Brandenburgs"?
Wendy Carlos
Who managed the team that finished 12 games ahead of the 1941 Cincinnati Reds ?
Leo Durocher
What is the name of this Dutch convicted murderer, born in August 1987, who was portrayed by Jacques Strydom in the 2009 film about the disappearance of Beth Holloway's daughter, in which he is the main suspect?
Joran van der Sloot
Koahou was a Hawaiian high chief  was a counselor to a ruler who passed away in which year ?
1819
Which Nickelodeon show debuted in 2004 and starred an actress from Pretty Little Liars?
Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide
Claughton is a residential district in Birkenhead that includes part of Birkenhead Park, which was designed by who?
Joseph Paxton
How many US number-one singles were recorded by the drummer and singer who was a subject of the BBC documentary Genesis: Together and Apart?
seven
The lGerman tv show "Heute-show" is a conceptual adaptation of an American show that aired on what network?
Comedy Central
What do Kiwi Time and The Fray have in common?
rock band
What nationality is the actress who plays an abnormal, Ashley Magnus?
Danish
What railway station, located 14.25 mi northwest of Lincoln Central, is part of a small group of railway stations consisting of Central and Lea Road in Gainsborough, England?
Gainsborough Lea Road railway station
The 1996 book by Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West is a commentary and criticism on an influential essay first pulished in what year?
1903
The actress that plays Sonya in "Uncle Vanya" has won how many Golden Globe Awards?
two
Are Doc Neeson and John Feldmann musicians?
yes
Which member of the cast of Six Flying Dragons also had a supporting role in Doctor Crush?
Yoon Kyun-sang
What game did Alexey Pajitnov's partner produce?
The Black Onyx
Was When the Levees Broke filmed after Captain Mike Across America?
yes
Which city, Daqing or Pengzhou, is a prefecture-level city in the west of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China?
Daqing
Mynavathi was an indian film and television actress who became popular in the movie Abba Aa Hudugi, which was based on a comedy that was written between 1590 and 1592 by who?
William Shakespeare
Are Crotalaria and Genista both types of shrubs?
no
Are Wilco and Vampire Weekend both rock bands?
yes
Our Race Will Rule Undisputed Over The World is a fabricated speech often cited in which type of propoganda, that exhibits hostility to, prejudice, or discrimination against Jews?
Antisemitism
Where did grocery store giants founded in 1854 and 1939 get their start?
St. Louis
In which city is the southern terminus of this north–south United States highway located, which Kentucky Route 1632 connects KY 9 with?
Miami
 François Maspero translated the works of an American journalist who was married to what writer and feminist?
Louise Bryant
The film directed by Ann Hu and starring an English actor who plays Lane Pryce in "Mad Men" was made in what year?
2000
What was the first of these types in which was supervised by Walter Zinn of the Manhattan Project?
nuclear reactor
The novel retold by Lo's Diary in 1995 was first published what city?
Paris
Who was the tutor of the person San Casimiro is named after?
Johannes Longinus
Who was born first, Steve Railsback or Charles Manson?
Charles Milles Manson
The Traverse City Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of four counties in Northern Michigan, anchored by the city of Traverse City, is in which country?
U.S.
Are Edward Ludwig and Dušan Makavejev both film directors?
yes
What leading character in one of William Shakespeare's tragedy's becomes Queen of Scotland and was played by Alison Peebles in 1993?
Lady Macbeth
What writer is the common denominator for both Disney films, cars and planes?
John Lasseter
Hall i' th' Wood railway station is the last stop before Bolton on the Northern franchise's Ribble Valley Line into Blackburn and where, which railway station serves the town of Clitheroe in Lancashire, England?
Clitheroe railway station
The rapper born Jeffrey Edward Atkins appeared in a parody film written by Dale Resteghini and loosely based on what movie?
The Blair Witch Project
Indra is a given name which occurs independently in Latvia, where it is feminine, and in which term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent, which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and, for some authorities, adjoining countries to the west and east?
South Asia
Voll-Damm is a style of beer that originated where?
Bavaria
Are Liberty University and University of Pécs both located in the United States?
no
In regards to the political party founded by those who had been castrated, where were they founded?
Madhya Pradesh, India
Games for Windows – Live or GFWL (trademarked as Games for Windows – LIVE) was an online gaming service used by "Games for Windows"–branded PC titles that enables Windows PCs to connect to Microsoft's Live service, some games allow for cross-platform play, such as which first-person shooter video game, developed by FASA Studio for Xbox 360 and Windows Vista?
Shadowrun
Which British entertainment company did this English reality television judge and producer, entrepreneur, and philanthropist whose British TV talent competition series spawned the Portuguese version with the hosts Bárbara Guimarães, João Manzarra, Carolina Torres and Tiago Silva found?
Syco
Bang Masters contains an alternate version of which first solo pop hit by Van Morrison, originally released on Blowin' Your Mind in 1967?
Brown Eyed Girl
Which Albany-based pop rock band consists of Melanie Krahmer (vocals, drums, flute) and Rich Libutti (guitar, bass)?
SIRSY
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was held at a stadium originally built for which Olympics?
1980 Summer Olympics
What haircut was popularized by the actress who starred in the 1928 film A Girl in Every Port?
bobbed haircut
Are Kate Bush and Train both involved with music?
yes
DrumCore was used for a recent album of an american singer best known for which band?
Blondie
What type of unit was this unit of the United States Army that served in combat during the Indian Wars in the western United States for which Wade H. Hammond served as bandmaster?
segregated African-American unit
What Spanish football stadium does Markus Holgersson's football club play in?
Estadio Francisco Artés Carrasco
What was the writer of "Max & Paddy's Road to Nowhere" named in 2004?
the 46th most influential person in British culture.
Who was developed during the Porcupine Gold Rush Negus Mine or Dome Mine?
Dome Mine
Where was the university at which Sena Jeter Naslund was the Program Director for the MFA  located? 
Louisville, Kentucky
What group of people, mostly settled in Sao Paulo, is William Hutchinson Norris a significant figure of?
The Confederados
The one time highest paid actor in Europe, once stared in a sequel to what earlier film directed by Lenzi?
"Sandokan the Great"
Who directed the film in which Sean Connery played Allen Quatermain?
Stephen Norrington
Which artist was from India, James McBride and Rabindranath Tagore
Rabindranath Tagore
To which event where three Roman legions were distroyed is the phrase The German Forest sometimes used to refer to?
Battle of the Teutoburg Forest
Are Pablo Trapero and Detlev Buck both nationals of the same country ?
no
Hell Freezes Over and Glenn Frey are associated with which classic rock band?
Eagles
What type of stadium aired the largest Professional Wrestling Pay Per View Event in history?
multi-purpose stadium
Who was a French inventor, Louis Le Prince of Peter Tscherkassky?
Louis Aimé Augustin Le Prince
 "Future-Drama" is the 350th Simpsons episode overall and guest-starred an American actress, comedian, director, producer, and writer who was a founder of what?
the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre
What color is the uniform for Francesco Cassata's football team?
black and green
Bodil Rasmussen was born in which Danish town?
Fredericia
Anthony Himbs and Michael Dolan, are American, and have which mutual occupation?
director
Who is the current manager of the semi-professional football club from Northern Ireland that once had Paul McAreavey as a player?
David Jeffrey
 Las Estrellas telenovela actress Violeta Urtizberea and her father worked for which telenovela in 2012?
2012 telenovela Graduados
Gaiety Theatre, New York was located in the building that hosted the last restaurant owned by which chain of hotels in the city?
Howard Johnson's
Which ship was named for the fifth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court?
USCGC "Taney"
Which star of "Mr. Holland's Opus" was also a radio personality for which station between 1976 to 1979?
Top 40 station 99X
Between Pelléas et Mélisande and Riders to the Sea, which one has more acts?
Pelléas et Mélisande
Walter Samuel played with the defender or midfielder who was of what nationality?
Argentine
Best known as a singer of Franz Schubert's Lieder, this german performer released productions with the German record label founded by whom?
Axel Mehrle
In between Vanished Planet and Hex which one is a cooperative board game that debuted at the World Boardgaming Championships in 2003?
Vanished Planet
What type of films are both Streetwise and Palio?
documentary
What black-pop changing group has worked with producer Rex Salas?
Earth, Wind & Fire
are the magazines In Touch Weekly and Genre both aimed at the same readership?
no
What Bob Kane created character has the arch nemesis the Joker? 
Batman
The Fridge had booked such acts as the English singer and DJ who was the lead singer of what pop band?
Culture Club
What college conference features the Arkansas State Red Wolves?
Sun Belt Conference
Eva Marie Saint appeared in what film based on a Nathaniel Benchley novel?
The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming
What actress, born on May 23, 1919, starred in the 1949 film "Neptune's Daughter"?
Elizabeth "Betty" Garrett
The South Mall Arterial is a 0.52 mi expressway in Albany, New York, it begins at an intersection with Swan Street and runs eastward under the Empire State Plaza to the west end of the Dunn Memorial Bridge, officially known as the Private Parker F. Dunn Memorial Bridge, carries US 9 and US 20 across the Hudson River between Albany, New York and Rensselaer, New York, in which country?
United States
Are the Pandikona and the Trigg Hound both types of dogs? 
yes
Which album did Celine Dion release first: "The Colour of My Love" or "Unison"?
Unison
The quarterback that was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 3rd round of the 2010 draft has won the Walter Camp Award how many times?
twice
How many goals, in total, in the 1982 World Cup, did the player who scored a hat-trick against Brazil, score ?
six
What American Hip Hop group released the album  "Rampage" (a.k.a. "Slow Down, Baby")?
EPMD
In what episode does Henry Mills' biological mother help two children track down their father before they are placed in a foster care system?
ninth episode
What former American football coach, known as The Big Tuna, was hired by the Dallas Cowboys in 2003?
Bill Parcells
What is the professional wrestling parlance for the controversial legitimate professional wrestling incident occurred at Survivor Series?
"shoot screwjob"
Which of the musicians that took stage at The Mason Jar was also in the band called White Zombie?
Rob Zombie
101 Weddings features music composed by a man of what ethnicity?
Indian
What show did the Canadian-American actor, Dan Akyrod's "Happy Fun Ball" appear on?
"Saturday Night Live"
who did Hillary Rodham Clinton run against in her last senate election ?
John Spencer
Corydon Battle Site preserves site of a battle that occured during what war?
American Civil War
No. 11 Squadron is based at an airbase 25 km north of the center of what city?
Adelaide
What star of Moon Pilot also appeared in The Parent Trap?
Brian Keith
The film "Thalavattam" is based on a 1962 novel by an author born in what year?
1935
W.H. Walker and Brothers was a narrowboat builder based in a small town approximately 20 mi northwest of what?
central London
Are both Three Days Grace and Hayley Williams involved in the music industry?
yes
What was the nickname of John Paul Jones since he had embarked on the USS Independence in 1776?
Father of the American Navy
In which format, introduced in 1948, was the album Showcase released in?
LP record
The 2010 FA Community Shield was won by Manchester United, led by who?
Antonio Valencia
What is the nationality of the designer of the Guangzhou Opera House?
Iraqi-British
What is the nationality of the man who wrote the music for A Chorus Line?
American
Where in Turkey are the Kuleli Military High School and the Atik Valide Mosque located?
Istanbul
Only the Brave is a film about an infantry battalion with what motto?
"Remember Pearl Harbor"
What nationality are both King Missile and Natalie Merchant?
American
The Healthy Dead is a novella set in the world of a fantasy series published in the UK by what company?
Bantam Books
What movie caused the use of the word  "Beldam" to become more popular in 2009?
Coraline
Hylton Riverside is a large retail park that hosts a business founded when 50 JJB Sports Fitness Clubs and the attached retail stores were purchased by who?
Dave Whelan
The American Actor who played the title role in "Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back" also played Kenny in what 1996 film?
Scream
Since what year has the magazine where Michael Gingold reviewed TEN been in publication?
1979
Who was the director that directed both Jennifer Carpenter and Mattie Liptak? 
John Erick Dowdle
Diane Ladd's daugther was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in what film?
"Rambling Rose"
Are both Der Wildschütz and Tamerlano operas?
yes
Is the Elm or Draba part of the cabbage family?
Draba
Who produced Jennifer Kent's directorial debut?
Kristina Ceyton and Kristian Moliere
On what date was the man whom Jamie Maclachlan played in "Four Minutes" born?
23 March 1929
Are the University of New Hampshire and King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi both research schools?
yes
 "Nobody Speak" is a song by American music producer DJ Shadow, featuring rap verses from a rap duo formed in what year?
2013
When was the 36th head coach of Purdue Boilermakers football born? 
April 24, 1971
In 2007, in which region was this tropical cyclone affecting Oklahoma and Texas formed?
the Gulf of Mexico
At least how many Jews was the unit Joachim Hamann commanded responsible for killing?
60.000
When was Independence station also know as Missouri Pacific Depot added to the National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Missouri?
1979
Which company animates the stories of special guest players in the television show in which Jeffrey Bryan plays Boneweevil?
Starburns Industries
Office of the Chief Executive, or CEO is one of the government agencies for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, it consists of the immediate staff to which head and representative of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and head of the Government of Hong Kong?
Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
Of University of A Coruña and North-West University which has more campuses?
North-West University
Which Ozzy Osbourne album was released in 2011 as a  "Deluxe 30th Anniversary Edition" and when originally released included a single that reached number two on "Billboard" Top Tracks chart in 1982?
Diary of a Madman
Jeff Tisdel coached Nevada to a bowl victory in the bowl game played at what stadium?
Sam Boyd Stadium
"Rain Over Me" is a song by a rapper whose debut album was released in what year?
2004
What country of origin does Reece Noi and Waterloo Road have in common?
British
What entity organizes the race that Shenzhen China Team's Philippe Chiappe competes in?
Union Internationale Motonautique
American singer Miranda Cosgrove has released one studio album, two extended plays, two soundtracks, six singles, and three promotional singles, in December 2008, a cover of which holiday song, was released to promote the hour-long special "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh"
Christmas Wrapping
Which sovereign state located in Southeastern Europe has The Mesteacănu River in it.
Romania
Which band performed college rock, Blake Babies or 4 Non Blondes?
Blake Babies
Who did the person other than Emmanuel Petit Joan Gaspart Solves bought from Arsenal currently work for?
Ajax
Which director is an inductee of the American Theater Hall of Fame: Luchino Visconti or Gene Saks?
Gene Saks
Which of the following board games was designed by Philippe Keyaerts: Evo or Camel Up?
Evo
Alicia von Rittberg had a role in the 2014 war film written by whom?
David Ayer
Chris Tarrant, known for his screamer, announced he was leaving Fremantle Football Club in which year?
2010
Who most recently served as Chief of Staff to the wife of the 47th Vice President of the United States?
Sheila Nix
Who was born first, Henry Kolker or Ulrike Ottinger?
Henry Kolker
Which Disney film was released first, One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing or Fun and Fancy Free?
Fun and Fancy Free
Bowling for Soup is an American rock band originally formed in a city which is five miles from what?
Sheppard Air Force Base
Garden State is a 2004 American romantic comedy-drama film, written and directed by an American actor best known for his role as J. D. on what television series?
Scrubs
What year was the director of Child of God born?
1978
What is the first Nickelodeon comedy sitcom made in Mexico produced by Nickelodeon Latin America and Macias Group International, first to an original telenovela-like teen program from Nickelodeon Latin America in co-production with Sony Pictures Television?
Skimo
What Shakespearean play has a pair of brothers where one inherits the throne, and the other flees to Ireland after their father's murder?
"Macbeth"
Which print magazine company did Terry Richardson work for while he was in Montreal?
Vice Media
Edmond Jabès and Katherine Kurtz, have which mutual occupation?
writer
What is a 2011 South Korean contemporary action comedy film , that stars a South Korean actress est known for her role in "Haeundae"?
Quick
Which journalist born in 1986 was among the first international jounalists to visit the town of Chibok after schoolgirls were adbucted by a terrorist group whose name means "Group of the People of Sunnah for Preaching and Jihad"?
Chika Sandra Oduah
The Advanced Tactical Fighter (ATF) was a demonstration and validation program undertaken by the United States Air Force, including the Soviet Sukhoi Su-27, a twin-engine supermaneuverable fighter aircraft designed by Sukhoi, it was designed to complement which aircraft?
Mikoyan MiG-29
Grimm Love, is a 2006 psychological horror film inspired by which German computer repair technician who achieved international notoriety for killing and eating a voluntary victim whom he had found via the Internet?
Armin Meiwes
What Ann Arbor Michigan publishing house published the works of Vladimir Nabokov?
Ardis Publishing
"Fat Man and Little Boy" is the fifth episode of which sixteenth season that began on Sunday, November 7, 2004 and contained 21 episodes, beginning with Treehouse of Horror XV? 
The Simpsons
Which founding member of the Conservative Philosophy Group was a former Conservative Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom (1974–97), and a former Cabinet minister?
Jonathan Aitken
Noor Zehra plays a variation of a stringed instrument that was traditionally used to play what kind of music?
Hindustani music
What is the author of the upcoming 2017 epic fantasy novel, "Oathbringer", best known for?
the Cosmere universe
Which mine is farther west, Camlaren Mine or Lost Lemon Mine
Camlaren Mine
The West Gate Bridge and the West Gate Distributor are located in what country?
Australia
Who directed the film that the original hardtail of Orange Mountain Bikes was named after?
Stanley Kubrick
What are both Tech Support and Daughter's Hand?
episode
 Yashwant Sinha is an Indian administrator whose son is the Minister of State for what?
Civil Aviation
Which of these publications looks at the online electronics industry; Sentimentalist Magazine or the EE Times?
EE Times
Which University is located in Vietnam, FPT University or University of Toronto?
FPT University
Magnificent Bodyguards is a Hong Kong martial arts action film, released in which year, starring Jackie Chan, a Hong Kong martial artist, actor, film director, producer, stuntman, and singer?
1978
Which American football player who played 15 seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and retired in 1989 was a big factor in the 1983 Dallas Cowboys season?
Ed "Too Tall" Jones
Which US Supreme Court case was agrued first, Betts v. Brady or City of Boerne v. Flores?
Betts v. Brady
In what year did the wife of Elias Disney die?
1938
What is the birthplace of the star of Short Term 12?
Sacramento, California
The author of the memoir  Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations founded an organisation for what?
the defense of women's rights
What English-American heavy metal band active from 2006 to 2010's drummer did Greg Hampton form a new project with in 2011?
Heaven & Hell
Manchester Zoological Gardens competed with the zoo that opened in what year, also in Manchester?
1836
Who was convicted in the FBI sting operation which ideotaped politicians accepting bribes from a fraudulent Arabian company in return for various political favors?
Richard Kelly
Who is the American author that caused a reprint of the originally published 1987 book "Jenny and the Jaws of Life" in 2002?
David Sedaris
What is Juan García Ábrego's uncle's nickname?
considered the "godfather"
What municipality host the John Paul Johns House in the Seacoast Region
Portsmouth
What is the name of the swashbuckler character in Tōei's version of The Wonderful World of Puss'n Boots?
Pero
Who had more pseudonyms, Robert Ludlum or Clement Greenberg?
Robert Ludlum
Jay Russell studied with a film director who was primarily working from what country?
Czechoslovakia
What was the population in the 2010 Census of a New York hamlet that is directly linked to Port Jefferson by New York State Route 347?
13,387
What is the name of the American actress and television presenter, who played on Guiding Light and portrayed Greenlee Smythe on All My Children?
Rebecca Budig
Hagia Sophia and Monastery of the Transfiguration, Kinaliada, are located in which city?
Istanbul
What medival stone bridge is a short distance from the Palazzo Pitti?
Ponte Vecchio
The bassist featured in "The World Needs a Hero" currently resides in what city?
Scottsdale, Arizona
Wingaersheek Beach is located in the neighborhood of West Gloucester, a part of which Massachusetts city?
Gloucester
Star Hall was a Mission Hall in opened in 1889 in Ancoats, Manchester, founded by Francis Crossley, of Crossley Engines, later of which Star Hall was a Mission Hall in opened in 1889 in Ancoats, Manchester, founded by Francis Crossley (of Crossley Engines, later which British motor vehicle manufacturer, based in Manchester, England?
Crossley Motors
Are both Mesquite and Kaempferia from the same continent?
no
What is the stage name of the lead singer of the group that recorded the album "Tie a Yellow Ribbon"?
Tony Orlando
What year did a former American football nose tackle announce games on ESPN College Football Friday Primetime with Adam Amin?
2017
Students from which university that opened in 1885 in Ormskirk can receive training from Liverpool University Air Squadron?
Edge Hill University
Is 750 7th Avenue and Trump World Tower located on the same street?
no
Brian Stepanek plays Magnifo on a Cartoon Network series that first aired in what year?
2014
 Mike Lévy remixed tracks for artists such as a Canadian musician who has released how many albums?
three
Friðrik Karlsson is an Icelandic musician and songwriter who contributed to the soundtrack of musical with a book by Nan Knighton and music and lyrics by who?
the Bee Gees
In what year was the college represented by the Hampden-Sydney Tigers founded?
1775
What was the intention of the battle where Robert T. Waugh received the Medal of Honor for his actions?
a breakthrough to Rome
In what year was the last of the "Amazing Spiderman" movies written by James Vanderbilt released?
2014
Leona Theron was appointed to her court position by which President of hte African National Congress?
Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma
The player who scored his first NHL goal against Glen Hanlon in 1979 was born on which day ?
January 26, 1961
What country were Mark Linkous and Mark Wystrach singers of?
American singer
Which fighter plane, also flown by United States Marine Corps World War 2 fighter ace Donald N. Aldrich, held the longest production run of any piston-engine fighter in U.S. history?
Vought F4U Corsair
Manit Noywech, is a Thai footballer, and is also known as who, of Thailand?
Rivaldo
Which historic residential neighborhood in Baltimore, MD is located adjacent to a Major League Baseball ballpark?
Ridgely's Delight
Anupam Kher starred in the thriller film "Lust, Caution" directed by whom?
Ang Lee
Are Jenga and Isola both board games?
no
Have Wilfred Lucas and Enrique Carreras both been part of the film industry?
yes
Who has more scope of profession, Rudolf Schwarzkogler or Alfonso Cuarón?
Alfonso Cuarón
What historical fiction drama was did Steven Hartley perform in in 2013?
The Borgias
The "Voyager" crew recovers its shuttlecraft containing Commander Chakotay and Chief of Security Tuvok, who had been exploring a nearby dark matter nebula is a scene in which television series?
Star Trek
Who was the animator behind the series that inspired "Powerpuff Girls Z"?
Craig McCracken
Megalyn Echikunwoke played a comic book character in what movie?
Arrowverse
Named after producer Radcliffe's Blackwing Studios where the album was recorded, "Upstairs at Eric's" was preceded by two top three UK singles, including the ballad "Only You", a song written by what English musician? 
Vince Clarke
Who wrote the novel that is the basis of a television series that Kate Mara starred as Zoe Barnes in?
Michael Dobbs
Who was the author of the book on which the 1999 television movie, starring the actress who played Natalie Hillard in "Mrs. Doubtfire", was based?
Jerdine Nolen
Stephen Biddle has worked in groups with what general who resigned from the Central Intelligence Agency in 2012?
David Petraeus
In what city is the CBS station that features children's show Gator Tales?
St. Louis, Missouri, United States
how is WOWW and Southaven, Mississippi connected?
Tennessee
Who was born first of Taylor Hackford and Howard Zieff?
Howard B. Zieff
Illich Guardiola is an American voice actor who has worked for what entertainment, anime, and foreign licensing company known popularly for its Dragon Ball Z license?
Funimation
Which 2005 computer animated short film was directed by Brad Bird?
Jack-Jack Attack
Who was the director of the film that had actress Ludivine Sagnier nominated for a César Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2003?
François Ozon
Are Physoplexis and Alsobia both native to North America?
no
Which former NFL practice squad wide receiver starred in the 2006 comedy "The Last Supper?"
Isaiah Mustafa
The Fabian Society is a British socialist organisation whose purpose is to advance the principles of democratic socialism via gradualist and reformist effort in democracies, rather than by revolutionary overthrow, Democracy, in modern usage, is a system of government in which the citizens exercise power directly or elect representatives from among themselves to form a governing body, such as a what?
parliament
The Canadian actress who starred in Dark Honey played what character on the Disney series "The Famous Jett Jackson"?
Riley Grant
Who was the father of the man the Norwegian Storting elected king of Norway on 4 November 1814?
King Adolf Frederick
Which of the stars in All the Wilderness was born in 13 June 1996?
Kodi Smit-McPhee
A Dandy in Aspic is a 1968 Technicolor and Panavision British spy film starred Laurence Harvey, Tom Courtenay, and who?
Mia Farrow
Are Pizza Corner and Blackjack Pizza in the same industry?
yes
The March 2017 United Kingdom budget was delivered by which Conservative Party politician?
Philip Anthony Hammond
The Village Barbershop includes a barber from a city that is in what county?
Washoe County
The Irish-Canadian playwright, literary historian, novelist, and screenwriter born in 1969 wrote a screenplay for which film that stars Joan Allen?
Room
What genre is the author of the story behind "Act of War; Direct Action" associated with?
aviation techno-thriller novels
What band was formed first, Weezer or Royal Blood?
Weezer
The 2016 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team represented the University of Hawaii at Mānoa in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season, the team was led by which first year head coach, who replaced Norm Chow?
Nick Rolovich
What is the birthdate of the player that scored the game winning three pointer in Game six for the Blazers?
July 15, 1990
Jane Campion and Jan de Bont, have which occupations in common?
director and film producer
In what year was the writer of "Life's Little Ironies" born?
1840
The painter whose work appears in the Castello Sforzesco in Milan is known as the father of what? 
palaeontology, ichnology, and architecture
Which third tallest hotel in the world has a sail shape that complements the wave-shaped Jumeirah Beach Hotel?
The Burj Al Arab
Who directed  a 2016 action film that stars Susie Celek and an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship ?
Rob Hawk
Who was born earlier, Max Jacob, or Robert Harris?
Max Jacob
What name proceeds the word Prampram when describing the name of the constituency that contains Prampram, Ghana, the location of the ruins of Fort Vernon?
Ningo-Prampram
The actress who voiced the mother in Footfalls is best known for her role in what television series?
'Allo 'Allo!
Nukie is a 1987 South African film directed by Sias Odendaal, and Michael Pakleppa, the film stars include Glynis Johns, a retired Welsh stage, television and film actress, dancer, pianist, and singer, and was born in which country?
South Africa
Valascia is an indoor sporting arena located in Ambrì, Switzerland, it is the home arena of the HC Ambri-Piotta ice hockey team, of which professional ice hockey league in Switzerland, it is the top tier of the Swiss hockey league system? 
National League
In what city is Macquarie Media broadcasting's 3AW talkback radio station located?
Melbourne
Things Goin' On was written in 1973 by Gary Rossington and Ronnie Van Zant, an American lead vocalist, primary lyricist, and a founding member of what Southern rock band?
Lynyrd Skynyrd
In which part of Tennessee was this unrecognized and autonomous territory co-founded by Samuel Wear located?
eastern Tennessee
What is considered the Kingdom of Italy established from 493 to 553?
the Ostrogothic Kingdom
"Vacation" is a song recorded by American country music artist Thomas Rhett, it was released on June 13, 2016 via Valory Music Group as the fourth single from his second studio album, "Tangled Up", released on which date?
September 25, 2015
Hoot N Holler is a steel family roller coaster manufactured by Zierer of Germany, the coaster is currently located at Darien Lake, a theme park resort in New York, Located in Darien, New York, in which country?
United States
Primer Impacto is presented by Félix Fernández and another television personality who anchored Univision's FIFA World Cup coverage until what year?
2014
What term, more masculine than falsetto, refers to the optimal combination of airflow and glottal tensions that yields maximum vibration?
Modal voice
The Fortune Cookie (alternative UK title: Meet Whiplash Willie) is a 1966 black comedy film starring Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau in their first on-screen collaboration, It was produced and directed by Billy Wilder, Samuel "Billy" Wilder was an Austrian-American filmmaker, screenwriter, producer, artist, and journalist whose career spanned more than how many decades?
five
Doggy Style Records is named after the debut album released on what date?
November 23, 1993
Which astronaut flew on the Apollo 7 becoming NASA's 3rd civilian astronaut after Neil Armstrong and Elliot See?
Ronnie Walter Cunningham
which American-British film actress was one of the main actress in The X-Files
Gillian Leigh Anderson
Alessia Caracciolo is a Canadian singer and songwriter who colaborated with an American singer songwriter and record producer who signed with what group?
Visionary Music Group
Overgrown features guest appearances from RZA, who is a member of what American hip hop group from Staten Island, New York?
Wu-Tang Clan
Overland Park Police Department is located in which most populous Kansas county?
Johnson County
Raymond Carver and Margaret Wilson, both are of which nationality?
American
Are Park Subin and Spike Slawson both television host?
no
What film was the career breakthrough for the actress who starred in the American TV movie "She's Too Young"?
Miller's Crossing
What is the birthday of the actor who was replaced by Jeong Jae-heon on ""?
October 2, 1975
 Lost Cove is a ghost town located above a river that is how long?
115 mi
Pop Wea was associated with a Native American tribe that speaks what language?
Tiwa
Are both Geir Hansteen Jörgensen and John Badham Television and film directors?
yes
How long is the river that contains Colter Falls?
2341 mi
In what year was the 2008 Pro Bowl MVP born?
1985
Decima is a proprietary game engine developed by Guerrilla Games, it's best known for its use in games, such as Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by which organization, for PlayStation 4?
Sony Computer Entertainment
Who managed the Detroit Tigers in the 142nd Major League Baseball season?
Brad Ausmus
Steve Marmel has worked on many animated TV series, including what series that was created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon?
Danny Phantom
What star of "The Thing with Two Heads" also played football?
Rosey Grier
The district that the village of Asamang is located in was split on what date?
November 12, 2003
Are both Yarmouk University and New York Institute of Technology public institutions?
no
Was the commissioner of the building Brenda A. Levin worked on? 
Lewis L. Bradbury
Elmhurst, a residential neighborhood in the southernmost part of Oakland, California, contains the Eastmont Town Center which opened in what year on the site of a 1920s-era Chevrolet automobile factory called Oakland Assembly?
1970
What year was the facility that was replaced by the arena that was briefly known as Paige Sports Arena opened?
1972
What is the 2010 population of the city in which Solar Energy Research Institute was located? 
18,867
When was the singer who sang Into a Fantasy born?
13 May 1986
Which is from farther west, Woman's Viewpoint or Al Jamila?
Woman's Viewpoint
 Steve Evans has had writing appear in the Florida newspaper owned by which company?
McClatchy
In between Kai Hansen and Serri who is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actress?
Park Mi-yeon
Solider's Home starring actress started her career when?
1951
What is the name of the women's basketball team that is based the suburb of Melbourne, Australia, situated on the Dandenong Creek?
The Dandenong Rangers
Almost Black: The True Story of How I Got Into Medical School By Pretending to Be Black is a 2016 non-fiction book written by Vijay Jojo Chokal-Ingam, the brother of Vera Mindy Chokalingam, is an American actress, comedian and writer, known professionally as who?
Mindy Kaling
Which English football club's based in West Bridgford and is a former club of Sheffield United's Billy Sharp?
Nottingham Forest
The character Dharma in the film "Pulan Visaranai" is loosely bsed on a serial killer that died in what year?
1995
Who was born first, Emma Bull, or Kenneth Clark?
Kenneth Mackenzie Clark,
What team did the former American football player, sports commentator, and actor coach in the reality television show, Bound for Glory?
Pittsburgh (Robinson based) Montour High School Spartans
New Woman and Women's Running, are both manufactured into which forms of media?
magazine
The 3rd book by Dan Brown that features character Robert Langdon is set in what city?
Washington, D.C.
Windows on the World was a complex of venues on the top floors (106th and 107th) of the North Tower (Building One) of the original World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan that included a restaurant called Windows on the World, it operated until 2001 when they were destroyed in the September 11 attacks (also referred to as 9/11) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda on which country?
United States
 Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future and  Thus Spoke Zarathustra: A Book for All and None are both philosophical novels by what German philosopher?
Friedrich Nietzsche
Martingani is 598.1 km away from the capital of which Indian state?
Sikkim
Southern Oregon General Hospital Heliport is located north of a city that is the county seat of Josephine County, and is located on Interstate 5, northwest of where?
Medford
Which theatrical producer co-created both "Sunny" and "Oklahoma!"
Oscar Hammerstein II
Who owned the British train operating company that was the last operator of the London railway station which was replaced by the new Thameslink platforms at St Pancras in December 2007?
FirstGroup
Which film was released on more VHS's, Religulous and N.Y.H.C.?
N.Y.H.C.
War Games: At the End of the Day was a film that starred which Irish actress who hails from Newry?
Valene Kane
Where is the municipality located that was the birth place of a man who became a co-founder of the "Nationale Bewegung der Schweiz" in 1940?
northern Switzerland
Disney's The Kid co-starred which actress who began her career in stand-up?
Mary Jean "Lily" Tomlin
Which German-based group followed ABBA's lead in the early 90s by issuing a greatest-hits compilation called Gold?
Boney M.
Which location is a seat of Enshi Tujia, Enshi City or Zhuzhou?
Enshi () is a county-level city in and the seat of Enshi Tujia
What is the average daily circulation of sister paper to the Manchester Metro News ?
52,158
A Ham in a Role is a Looney Tunes short that draws heavily from a tragedy about two young star-crossed what?
lovers
Juwan Howard beat what team to win his first NBA Final?
Oklahoma City Thunder
Which American guitarist was a graduate of a public high school in Latham, Albany County, New York, United States?
Mike Campese
Which state does the U.S. Representative who appeared in the documentary film Aristide and the Endless Revolution as an expert on Haiti represent?
California
Who is the head coach of the team that plays at the Aggie Softball Complex?
Jo Evans
Kathy Tingelstad was a member of what lower house of the legislature in Minnesota?
Minnesota House of Representatives
What was Telesphorus' father the god of in ancient Greek mythology?
medicine
Bryce Dallas Howard starred in the dark 2006 fantasy thriller Lady in the Water, her second film working with which director?
M. Night Shyamalan
What song, co-wrote by it's singer and producers Max Martin and Shellback, surpassed "Once a Day"  for the most weeks spent at number one by a female country artist?
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together"
What company owns the casino where the Cirque du Soleil stage production"Zaia" is based?
American Las Vegas Sands company
Which mountain on the largest and only permenantly populated island of the Svalbard archipelago in northern Norway is named after Christian Sparre?
Sparrefjellet
Were the books Toby Tyler and The Graveyard Book both made into films?    No
no
Which of the corporation to which  APM Automation Solutions recently became a part is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson, Missouri, United States?
Emerson Electric Company
When was the American professional mixed martial artist born who is ranked #13 as of July 21, 2017 and also a trainee of Matt Hume?
January 28, 1981
Are both Thurston Moore and Lou Rhodes from the same country?
no
Corey Stoll is known for his role as Peter Russo in what American political thriller web television series created by Beau Willimon?
House of Cards
Are Beryl Bainbridge and John Dos Passos both nationals of the same country ?
no
Celaque National Park (formally in Spanish, Parque Nacional Montaña de Celaque) is a national park in Lempira Ocotepeque and Copán, western Honduras, Celaque is high in biodiversity and is home to pumas, The cougar ("Puma concolor"), also commonly known as the mountain lion, puma, panther, or catamount, is a large felid of the subfamily Felinae, native to which continents?
Americas
What Nationality is the indie band that has been compared to an English rock band formed by Bryan Ferry?
British
The Decker Building included a factory by which American artist on the 6th floor from 1968-73?
Andy Warhol
Canadian  rock band Nickelback released what album 6 years after forming their band?
Silver Side Up
Richard Dull resigned as the athletic director of the University of Maryland after the death of a played selected in the 1986 NBA draft by what team?
Boston Celtics
In what year was the veteran portrayed in "Body of War" born?
1979
The Prince-Archbishopric of Salzburg was founded in 739 by which leading figure in the Anglo-Saxon mission to the Germanic parts of the Frankish Empire during the 8th century?
Saint Boniface
Who created the American sitcom which  "Nothing Good Happens After 2 A.M." is the 18th episode in the first season of
Carter Bays and Craig Thomas
Who was responsible for a commemorative half dollar struck by the Philadelphia Mint in 1936?
Melish was responsible for two United States commemorative coin issues, the Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar and the Cleveland Centennial half dollar.
Which founder of FUCT went to Santa Monica High School?
Natas Kaupas
Which actress in the movie Tashan is one of Bollywood's most popular and highest-paid actress?
Kareena Kapoor
Which 2010 movie staring Brooklyn Decker is based on the 1969 film "Cactus Flower"?
Just Go with It
What type of media does Flying Padre and Pond Hockey have in common?
film
Wanda Garner Cash, is an advocate for open government, speaker, commentator, expert witness and media adviser on open government issues to former Texas Attorney General, Gregory Wayne "Greg" Abbott, an American lawyer and politician, who has served as the 48th Governor of Texas since when?
January 2015
12 Stones and Halestorm are bands from which country?
American
Light In The Attic Records is an independent record label established in which year, in Seattle, as a reissue label, it had been re-released works by artists such as Jim Sullivan, an n American singer-songwriter and guitarist who released two albums before he disappeared without a trace in New Mexico?
2002
What is the birthplace of the composer of Griselda?
Venice
Pierre Bouvier and Melissa Auf der Maur are both from what country?
Canadian
Which research center is west of a coastal seaport city in Canada?
the UBC Bioinformatics Centre
Stenomesson and Arctotis, are a type of what?
plants
Paul Fierlinger and his wife Sandra Schuette created a show owned by what network? 
MTV Networks
Elwyn Cornelius Lee is the husband of a congresswoman thaat represents what state?
Texas
Jeff Rona's credits include a 2016 Indian epic historical drama film that was written and directed by Jayaraj, and was adapted from What William Shakespeare play?
Macbeth
The character for whom Mary Robinson was nicknamed was the daughter of Leontes, king of which country?
Sicilia
Karl Kraus wrote The Last Days of Mankind to direct satire at what?
the press, German culture, and German and Austrian politics.
What decade old football team beat Old Etonians in the Football Association Callenge Cup that marked the turning point in the sport from upper-class gentleman to a professional sport?
Blackburn Olympic Football Club
What is the name of the monarch's official flag which bears, in banner form, the arms used by the Queen in her official capacity and which are authorised from the Lord Chamberlain's Office, a department within the British Royal Household?
Royal Standard
Harry Sillito ended his career for the team that plays at what stadium?
South Kesteven Sports Stadium
The last assignment of the 5070th Air Defense Wing was at the largest United States military facility in what state?
Alaska
have Jack Arnold and Patrice Leconte both been actors?
yes
The album "The Trumpet Summit Meets the Oscar Peterson Big 4" features Dizzy Gillespie, Freddie Hubbard, and a trumpeter born in what year?
1920
Who is younger Mike Tyson or Buster Douglas ?
Mike Tyson
What book written by Maria von Trapp inspired a famous musical that was performed live on ITV in 2015?
The Story of the Trapp Family Singers
Acacia congesta is native to what area bounded by the Indian Ocean, Great Australian Bight, and Southern Ocean?
Western Australia
In what year was the singer/actress that starred with Ben Affleck, Justin Bartha, Al Pacino, Christopher Walken, and Lainie Kazan in the film "Gigli" born?
1969
Clifford is the first name of which quarterback that played for the Green Bay Packers in 1977?
Lynn Dickey
The genus Omphalodes and the genus Gelsemium are both examples of what?
flowering plants
Which American rock band from York, Pennsylvania released the song "Heaven" in 2003?
Live
What film, based on Cheryl Strayed's memoir, had sound edited by Ai-Ling Lee?
Wild
How high over the Las Vegas strip was the roller coaster in the building formerly known as Vegas World?
909 ft
What war was this major conflict which included the Battle of Ravenna in?
Italian Wars
Dostana ("Friendship") is a 2008 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Tarun Mansukhani, the film stars who, which Indian film actor, producer and playback singer known for his works in Bollywood and Bengali cinema?
Abhishek Bachchan
The singles discography of Roc Nation, an American company and record label, and consists of charted songs, four official by Willow Smith, an American singer, actress and dancer, and the daughter of which two parents?
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith
What job do both  Alex Greenwald and London LeGrand have in common?
musician
What band fronted by Jim "Dandy" Mangrum performed at the Thirsty Whale in River Grove, Illinois?
Black Oak Arkansas
What 23-storey residential skyscraper opened to the public on March 22, 2012?
The Regent
Were both The American Home and Venus Zine magazines?
yes
The History of Linux began with a personal project by what kind of engineer?
software engineer
The 2004 NECBL All-Star Game was a baseball game in a league that is part of what national group, along with the Cape Cod Baseball League and Northwoods League?
National Alliance of College Summer Baseball
The Bass Harbor Memorial Library, located in Tremont Maine, on which island?
Mount Desert Island
 B Sides and Rarities is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that included a cover of a song originally recorded by who?
Kelly Gordon
Which film was created first, The Plow That Broke the Plains or Hollywood Chinese?
The Plow That Broke the Plains
What type of media does Smash Cut and Sasha Grey have in common?
film
Which Academy Award did the star of Ruby Gentry win?
Best Actress
Smith College and Baylor University, are located in which country?
United States
Who is leading the current party which has Nils Tore Føreland as one of the politicians? 
Jonas Gahr Støre
Which 2017 documentary film was commissioned in part by the royal who is currently fifth in line to the British throne?
Diana, 7 Days
Where have home matches been played since 1898 for the club Larry Lloyd played central defender,  and is located in West Bridgford, England?
City Ground
What actress and rapper known for her award-winning lead performance in Somersault, also starred in the 2007 film, Elizabeth: The Golden Age?
Abbie Cornish
The 2009 album Billo Rani was released by the Punjabi singer who moved to what English city in 1984?
Birmingham
What folk music single was based on an English nursery rhyme with a Roud Folk Song Index number of 4826?
Don't Let the Rain Come Down
What James Bond film did the actress who played Bathsheba in The Story of David star in?
Live and Let Die
What bill did Patsy Matsu Takemoto Mink of Hawaii sponsor that was signed in by President Gerald Ford in 1977?
HR 9924
What station did Bob barker work for and help host the 1975 miss universe competition 
CBS
Which year did Courtney Hunt win the Sundance Film Festival Grand Jury Prize for her debut feature film, "Frozen River", about immigrant smuggling across the Canadian border?
2008
Who was Formed in 1964 under the name the Jackson Brothers, the founding members were elder brothers Jackie, Tito and Jermaine, and wh's producer was a writer for Motown Records for nearly thirty years?
Jackson 5
Feiyu Show and The War at Home are both what style of film?
documentary
Backstreet Project is an American comic book created by Nick Carter and Stan Lee, the comic features members of Carter's band the Backstreet Boys as themselves, the Backstreet Boys (often abbreviated as BSB) are an American vocal group, formed in Orlando, Florida in what year?
1993
This American actor most known for his starring role in "Jurassic Park", helped revamp the 'Sesame Street" song "Monster in the mirror" in 1991?
Jeff Goldblum
This article contains information on rugby league events played in 2009, the season commenced with a friendly match between English Super League clubs Leeds and which professional rugby league club in Salford, Greater Manchester, England, who play in the Super League?
Salford Red Devils R.L.F.C.
What host of Sunrise was born in 1976?
Samantha Armytage
Maryke Hendrikse is known for her role as Susan Test in a series produce by who?
Warner Bros
Arianrhod RPG is a Japanese fantasy role-playing game released in 2004, at present, Arianrhod RPG is one of the most popular traditional RPG in Japan like as Sword World 2.0, and Alshard, a Japanese role-playing game designed by Jun'ichi Inoue, and which organization?
FarEast Amusement Research
Which singer had more hit songs, Boy George or Tom Araya?
Boy George
Autolux and Polvo are both types of what?
rock band
What city is the Gatchina Palace Egg in?
Mount Vernon-Belvedere, Baltimore, Maryland
This group of people, which have inhabited the state of Arizona for thousands of years, are also served as influences from popular music styles throughout the rest of the United States?
Indigenous peoples of Arizona
The animated television series where Finn and Jake interact with Princess Bubblegum and a character who is technically a what?
antagonist
Splendid China Mall and Pacific Mall are both partially located on which street?
Steeles Avenue
What timezone do the United States Minor Outlying Islands observe?
Samoa Time
Who directed the 2008 Australian comedy-drama film in which Rhys Wakefield played Thomas Mollison?
Elissa Down
Who was the American author best known for the novel "Mutiny on the Bounty", James Norman Hall or Harold Lamb?
James Norman Hall
Joseph Powell William was active in local government in a city From which borough ?
West Midlands
Which American talk show and radio host was an executive producer on a show that aired from January 16, 2007 until March 20, 2007?
Andy Cohen
What band from Bakersfield, California had it's first single from the band's debut album appear on both a compilation album and a communications commercial, a song which remains one of it's most popular and well known songs?
Adema
Were both Wong Ka Kui and Kyosuke Himuro a songwriter?
yes
Who else did the author of The Power Broker write a biography of?
Lyndon B. Johnson
Which band was formed first Walt Mink or Sunrise Avenue?
Walt Mink
What is the colloquial name of the university named after Leland Stanford Jr.?
the Farm
What was the name of the other movie that Gammino dubbed, other than the one that was originally titled "Licence Revoked"?
The Living Daylights
In which region of the US did Marie Weaver earn her B.A.?
New England
Lakdi-ka-pul railway station is in which major city in the southern Indian state of Telangana?
Hyderabad
In the Safran Companies release of Over Her Dead Body who dies on the day of her wedding?
The film is about Kate (Eva Longoria), who dies on the day of her wedding to fiancé Henry (Paul Rudd)
Were Capturing the Friedmans and Bomb Harvest both documentaries?
yes
Which game dates back to at least the Roman Empire: Nine Men's Morris, or Icehouse pieces?
Nine Men's Morris
Universal Press Syndicate merged with what company featuring a writer born December 8, 1961
Uclick
Kickapoo Site 7 is located in the Kansas county that had a population of what in 2010?
9,984
Which creator of "Absolutely Fabulous" has also won three BAFTAs?
Jennifer Saunders
Yingtan and Chifeng, are in which country?
People's Republic of China
Which one was an American poet, Frank O'Connor or Edwin Arlington Robinson?
Edwin Arlington Robinson
Which of these Asian directors was behind the science fiction adventure film "Snowpiercer", Bong Joon-ho or Vincent Kok?
Bong
In 2006, Marty Stratton was responsible for the overall development of what first-person shooter video game developed by id Software?
Rage
Which mixed martial artist and current UFC Middleweight Champion stars in the film My Name Is Lenny?
Michael Bisping
What is the CPVI of the district Maureen Reed announced her running for in 2010 but later withdrew? 
R + 12
Are both Ted Sharks and Kevin Reynolds from the same country?
no
The Bag Man is was inspired by a work from what Swiss Jungian psycologist and scholar?
Marie-Louise von Franz
Who as one of the seven crew members killed in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster, who's death lead to the cancellation of the Teacher in Space Project ?
Sharon Christa McAuliffe
What tier of English football is the club that Tommy Rooney played with in 2004-2005?
fifth
Keith Raniere's company encourages what?
a path of personal and professional development.
 "Ms. Jackson", a song by American alternative hip hop duo OutKast, was the second single from, "Stankonia", recorded in the duo's recording facility located in what Georgia city?
Atlanta
Cressida Dick, currently the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, operates as the head of what?
London's Metropolitan Police Service
Sean May played with Rashad McCants, and another American professional basketball player to win the NCAA Championship for which university?
North Carolina Tar Heels
Thamesville, Ontario is located between Chatham and which city with a population of 383,822 people and is at the confluence of the Thames River?
London
Ehsan Pahlevan, احسان پهلوان‎ ‎is his name in Persian, he's an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Zob Ahan in Iran Pro League, which language, also known by its endonym Farsi, is one of the Western Iranian languages within the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family?
Persian
109 Street is an arterial road in central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, it passes several Edmonton landmarks including Kingsway Mall (formerly Kingsway Garden Mall) is a shopping centre located in central Edmonton, Alberta, in which country?
Canada
The Raven Software first-person shooter video game released in August 2009 has an alternate universe in which what group won WWII?
Nazis
What musical strengths do Naser Mestarihi and Ben Weasel share?
singer and guitarist
What is the middle name of the U.S. Representative interviewed for the documentary Aristide and the Endless Revolution ?
Moore
Which band debuted their first album in 1989, The Telescopes or Empire of the Sun?
The Telescopes
Kent County Cricket Club in 2011 were joined by a Pakistani cricketer who bats left or right-handed?
right-hand
What school did the 24th round pick of the Rangers in 1992 attend?
Xaverian High School
Gary Holton played the part of Wayne in what British comedy-drama television programme about seven British migrant construction workers?
Auf Wiedersehen, Pet
The Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2008 were hosted by what American professional wrestler who started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling?
John Felix Anthony Cena
When was the host of Inkigayo who is also a member of Got7 born?
September 22, 1994
Which came out first, "Hollywood Chinese" or "The Truth According to Wikipedia"?
Hollywood Chinese
The County seat of Grant County, Kansas has a population of what?
6,161
Rivers of My Fathers" is a song by a soul and jazz poet whose own term for himself was what?
bluesologist
Which games were held in Seoul, South Korea the year Eriko Asai won a gold medal? 
1986 Asian Games
Dani Stevenson released a single used in the film starring the actor who played what role in "XXX"?
Xander Cage
Who lived longer, Bo Widerberg or Petar B. Vasilev?
Petar B. Vasilev
Úna Palliser sang over the credits of a BBC drama series set in what year?
1943
Seedley railway station is a disused station located in the Seedley area of Pendleton, is an inner city area of Salford in Greater Manchester, in which country?
England
Who produced the album containing lyrics about Ian Curtis's failing marriage?
Martin Hannett
What type of communication medium does Lip Service and Ruta Gedmintas have in common?
television
Did James Cruze and Raoul Walsh act and direct in silent films? 
yes
The English electronic band that Peter Gordeno has toured with since 1998 was formed where?
Basildon, Essex
What song written by Leonard McNally with music composed by James Hook was the favorite song of the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
The Lass of Richmond Hill
By what nickname was the father of George Frederick of Brandenburg-Ansbach known ? 
George the Pious
Sunday Times Fast Track 100 is sponsored by the group founded by whom?
Sir Richard Branson and Nik Powell
What sport do Ruslan Zhiganshin and Elena Ilinykh compete in?
ice dancer
Whose novel about a time traveler attempting to prevent John F Kennedy's assassination, was adapted into a miniseries Executive Produced by J.J. Abrams?
Stephen King
Who was the third Vice President of the United States, whose character sings the "Your Obedient Servant" song from Act 2 of the musical "Hamilton"?
Aaron Burr
Were Dorothy Arzner and James Foley from the same directorial eras?
no
A band formed in 2005 by Jamie Laurie had what hit song that peaked at #3 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks?
Handlebars
What country did the explorers that the film Glory & Honor was based on originate from?
United States
Walter Lang and Fred Savage both shared what profession?
director
Buried in the crypt of the Christ Episcopal Church is the owner of a  2-story, five-bay, rectangular frame residence whose roof is pierced by what?
two large central chimneys
The Widower is a British television miniseries that portrays the life and crimes of convicted murderer Malcolm Webster,  an Englishman convicted of the murder of who? 
his first wife
Mike Gibbons was an American boxer who claimed the Middleweight Champion of the World status following what Polish American professional boxer's murder?
Stanley Ketchel
What was the debut film of the female star from the sitcom series Off the Rack?
"Divorce American Style"
Barefoot is a romantic comedy-drama film starring an actor known for playing Ben Covington in what television series?
Felicity
David Buchan, was a Scottish naval officer and Arctic explorer, the Arctic consists of the Arctic Ocean, adjacent seas, and parts of which U.S. state, Northern Canada, Finland, Greenland (Denmark), Iceland, Norway, Russia and Sweden?
Alaska
Ian Young wrote Continuum that was a magazine publsuhed by a group that denied the existence of what?
HIV/AIDS
The Queen's Medical Center was founded in 1859 by the fourth monarch of Hawaii and what Queen?
Emma
What album's cover art was done by the artist best known for "The Adventures of Vasco Pyjama" and the "Curly Flats" series?
Wangaratta Wahine
Which Fear and Jane's Addiction band member worked on You Oughta Know? 
Flea
What is this digestif made with dozens of herbs and spices and high percentage alcohol from the company headquartered in Germany that the American businessman and philanthropist Sidney E. Frank sponsored?
Jägermeister
What star of the 1997 Danish film Credo had her breakthrough role in the 1986 Danish film "Early Spring"?
Sofie Gråbøl
Adam Shore and Denis Bélanger, have which occupation in commojn?
vocalist
Which Supreme Court case addressed more Amendments of the US Constitution, District of Columbia v. Heller or Gibbons v. Ogden?
District of Columbia v. Heller
The murderer in the investigation the documentary The Witness covers was sentenced to what official punishment?
life imprisonment
Both the San Francisco Giants and the San Francisco 49ers played in what famous stadium?
Candlestick Park
Which movie came out first Dragonslayer or Freaky Friday ?
Freaky Friday
Heavy young Heathens composed the music for which MTV show that debuted on January 3, 2013 ?
Buckwild
Which game did the author of the e-book "How to Win at the Sport of Business" play for charity at Intel Extreme Masters Season X – San Jose?
League of Legends
Who was born first, Johnette Napolitano or Lux Interior?
Lux Interior
How many years after the death of George I was the Order of Saints George and Constantine instituted?
It was instituted in January 1936
What is the film in which Lily James plays Debora best known for?
its choreography
What Emperor is the establisher of the Order of Saint Anastasia the great-great-granddaughter of?
Alexander II
What is the name of the musical that is based on the 2000 film with the music is by Elton John, stars the actor known for the 2016 film Spider-Man in the title role?
Billy Elliot the Musical
Who, Seth Savoy or Christopher Guest, is a Cajun American film director and screenwriter raised in Little Rock, Arkansas?
Seth Savoy
which movie is an adoption of the first published erotic novel anonymously in Vienna, Austria in 1906?
Sensational Janine
Is it true that both Ann Beattie and James Merrill received a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
no
What television show features a character who is a working-class man who hunts supernatural creatures portrayed by Jim Beaver and a protagonist portrayed by Jensen Ackles?
Supernatural
OSA Archivum, abbreviated as OSA, short for Open Society Archives at the Central European University, is an archival repository and laboratory that aims to explore new ways of assessing, contextualizing, presenting, and making use of archival documents both in a professional and a consciously activist way, it was founded in 1995, by which Hungarian-American investor, business magnate, philanthropist, and author?
George Soros
The actor who plays hotelier Paul Rusesabagina in Hotel Rwanda was born in what year?
1964
What is the nationality for novelists Elizabeth Jane Howard and Jim Crace? English
English
Who was born first, Sarah Cracknell or Brendon Urie?
Sarah Cracknell
Planter's Punch and modern Bumbo both contain what type of rum? Dark Rum
dark rum
What is the home city of the team that Idriz Naser Voca plays for?
Lucerne
The director of the film "Muriel" also directed a film from a screen play by who?
Alain Robbe-Grillet
When did the boy band that Dong Young-bae is a member of debut?
August 19, 2006
Edizioni Piemme is an Italian book publisher with specialisms in religion, and in fiction for children and young adults, among its best known publications are the works of who, author of "The Kite Runner"?
Khaled Hosseini
Who portrays the character that adopted Henry Mills in the series Once Upon a Time ?
Lana Parrilla,
Christian Nicholas Stadil owns what sports brand that is based in Denmark, and was started in 1923 by the German Messmer family in Hamburg?
hummel International
Slaven Bilić who described Ivica Olic as a typical "match-winner" and "king of important matches" is a manager of which club?
Premier League club
Patradevi is a town in the Pernem taluk of Goa, a state in which country?
India
Who, out of Hrach Gregorian and Sue Sarafian Jehl, served as a personal secretary to General Eisenhower between 1943 and 1947?
Sue Jehl
What type of group does Colégio Diocesano de São José 5 and Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau have in common?
Parish
Which song is commonly taught as an alternative to the Australian national anthem "Advance Australia Fair"?
"I Am Australian"
Who is featured in the Coolio song that shares a background sample music with the song "Curtain Falls"?
L.V.
When You Really Loved Someone was a song by the ABBA member who released a self-titled album in what year?
1968
Which Genus has around 30 species of flowering plants, Schoenoplectus or Isatis?
Isatis
What is the population size of the place that is connected by the Lotus Bridge to the Cotai reclamation area of Macau?
3,000
What genre of movie was the 2005 movie The Fog that features "Invincible" by OK Go?
supernatural horror
Which documentary film was released first, Super High Me or Quantum Hoops?
Quantum Hoops
Ivan Cooper led an anti-internment march which developed into a massacre where how many people died ?
Fourteen people died
The hamlet Ashton is part of a city located on what river?
River Nene
Who originally voiced Honey Bunny's ex-boyfriend ?
Mel Blanc
in 2003, Arizona Cardinals fired head coach Dave McGinnis and replaces him with a coach born in which year ?
1949
Both Lacey Sturm and Natalie Maines have what occupation?
American singer-songwriter
Were both Carole Penny Marshall and Randal Kleiser producers at some point in their life?
yes
What is the nickname of the husband of the real life person portrayed by Sharon Stone in the movie "Casino"?
Lefty
Jacopo Bertucci, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, he painted for the "Basilica of San Vitale" is a church in Ravenna, in which country?
Italy
What year was the singer of "Hang Down Your Head" born?
1949
What region whose name means "Estate of the Salt Chamber" has Austria's third largest lake?
Salzkammergut
What are the names of the singers from Sony Wonder's 1995 album When You Wish Upon a Chipmunk?
Alvin, the mischievous troublemaker, who quickly became the star of the group; Simon, the tall, bespectacled intellectual; and Theodore, the chubby, impressionable one.
The MacBook uses a series of IPS panel displays that offer what compared to traditional displays?
higher pixel density
Scout's Safari's creator produced and created what American television series that ran from October 8, 1994 to January 15, 1998?
The Secret World of Alex Mack
Monta Vista lies near what other town that had origins as a stagecoach stop?
Mountain View
What is the name of the unofficial grouping of elite universities that are part of the C9 Leaugue?
The "golden triangle"
What label did Set the Thames on Fire ensemble star run until its closure in 2011?
Frost French
Which was a computer that also played video games, APF Imagination Machine or Grundy NewBrain?
APF Imagination Machine
What show , hosted by  an English television presenter, was originally broadcast on Radio Luxembourg, it transferred to ITV in 1955?
Double Your Money
Which Japanese horror film was based on a seinen horror manga series written and illustrated by Junji Ito?
Uzumaki
What is the middle name of the character Ellie Kemper portrays in the Netflix original series, "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt"?
Couger
Which was published first The Fader or OK!?
OK!
Were the movies Benji the Hunted and Winnie the Pooh both released by Walt Disney Pictures?
yes
Who was the founding lead guitarist in the band whose single was used with "Bridge over Troubled Water" to create the charity single "A Bridge over You"?
Jonny Buckland
What was the production company that released the album that contained "The Black Angel's Death Song"? 
Verve Records
Are Bernard Rose and Doug Langway both film directors?
yes
What is the name of the first live DVD by the black metal band for which Abbath Doom Occulta is the bassist?
The Seventh Date of Blashyrkh
What is the name of the Adult Swim pilot that was created by Aaron Springer and directed by Genndy Tartakovsky?
Korgoth of Barbaria
Who was born earlier, Andrew Strauss or Peter Moores?
Peter Moores
What school did Joseph Otsiman attend that is located in Takoradi?
Takoradi Senior High School
Johnny Hallyday is a French singer and actor once married for 15 years to popular Bulgarian-French singer Sylvie Vartan whose performances often featured what type of choreography? 
show-dance
Eric Harold Neville, known as E. H. Neville, was an English mathematician, and is the one who convinced Srinivasa Ramanujan to come to England, Ramanujan independently compiled nearly how many results, mostly identities and equations?
3,900
Arthur Wakefield founded a settlement at Nelson, New Zealand with his brother, who had what profession?
politician
The Chain starred an American actor who has appeared in over 150 films. What did the actor make guest appearences on?
"Gunsmoke", "Walker, Texas Ranger", "Law & Order", "Scrubs", and "Entourage"
Who is a supervillain by Marvel Comics that leads the Reavers?
Donald Pierce
Old Brown Shoe was included on the compilation album released in what year?
1988
What is the nationality of Alexa Ray Joel's mother?
American
The 1960 VMI Keydets football team represented which state-supported military college in Lexington, Virginia, the oldest such institution in the United States?
Virginia Military Institute (VMI)
Which of the film in which Jimmi Harkishin was featured is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell?
East Is East
How many films did the studio Iosif Boyarsky produce in 2017?
1528
Bernd Hölzenbein, is a German former footballer, best known for being fouled, in the final against Netherlands in 1974, what was this event called?
1974 FIFA World Cup Final
What technology company created the Group Control System operating system and is located in Armonk, New York?
International Business Machines Corporation
What country does Games and Official Xbox Magazine have in common?
United States
What is the latin name for the highest degree David Favrholdt obtained from Copenhagen University?
Philosophiae Doctor
Michele Campanella specialises in the music of which Hungarian composer?
Franz Liszt
What do Jimi Goodwin and Sarah Nixey have in common?
vocalist
Into what company did the railroad which had operated the Twin Cities Zephyr merge in 1970?
Burlington Northern
Jeremy Bates and Patrick Galbraith both played what sport?
tennis
Which contains more species, Calendula or Serissa?
Calendula
What number season was the Brazillian central defender signed, who was previously a left back?
114th
Which contributor to Izzard won the 2016 Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist?
Steve Stiles
Which coast is the city, in which the coins were found at the wreckage in which the Antikythera Ephebe was also found, located on?
Ionia
Saint Janet is a film that stars the actor who plays Samuel on the show Mike and Molly who was born on what day?
April 26, 1979
The 2011 New York City Marathon was sponsored by which Dutch multinational banking corporation?
ING Group
Which car features BMW xDrive and is a compact luxury crossover SUV?
BMW X1
Who won more Grammy Awards, Mike Nichols or Rowland Brown?
Mike Nichols
Which film won more Academy Awards, The Thin Blue Line or Target for Tonight?
Target for Tonight
Eugene Lee's set design works include one for a musical based on an English slave trader by the name of what?
John Newton
Anjaam, is a 1994 Indian Hindi psychological thriller film directed by Rahul Rawail, the rights to this film are owned by Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment (RCE), founded in what year, is an Indian motion picture production, distribution and a premier visual effects company based in the city of Mumbai?
2003
Where is the group which  Stephen Martin  as the chief executive officer based?
Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire
The Wanhsien tiger were driven to extinction in Asia by a tiger subspecies that has been listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List since when ?
1996
Which country links Insight Sports and Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment?
Canada
The album that played the style of music played in Honky-tonk bars and rock and roll was the first album by who?
Son Volt
What musical performing group known for it's global influences and symphonic approach produced a song called "Fallen Angel"?
Juno Reactor
In which year was this family-owned business that publishes mail order magazine "Comfort" founded?
1921
Between what years did the war, in which Richard Goodwin Keats was an officer in, last?
1765 and 1783
The Dutch Mannlicher, also known as the M.95 (Model 1895), was the service rifle of the Armed forces of the Netherlands between 1895 and 1945, the M1893 was itself a somewhat modernized version, of which late 19th-century German bolt action rifle, adopted in 1888?
Gewehr 88
In which county is the city where James "Nikki" Rowe High School is located ?
Hidalgo County
Which British film producer co-produced a film starring Leonardo DeCaprio as a thief?
Emma Thomas
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written about a topic in the Harry Potter universe, where is this topic derived from?
derived from folklore, primarily Greek mythology, but also British and Scandinavian folklore
Paul Thomas Anderson and Jon Turteltaub, are of which mutual nationality?
American
Do the genuses Luculia and Asystasia belong to the same family?
no
What gang is rival to Islander 23 and was formed in 2012?
Apex
Edwin F. Davis, of Corning, Steuben County, New York was the first "state electrician" (executioner) for the State of New York, Davis performed 240 executions between 1890 and 1914, including the first person to be executed by electric chair, including which convicted murderer, and the first person in the world to be legally executed using an electric chair?
William Francis Kemmler
The River Ancholme in Lincolnshire in the east of England ends in which estuary?
Humber Estuary
Which American director was raised in San Diego, CA, Dean Silvers or Juan Escobedo?
Juan Escobedo
Who was born first Buster Keaton or Pupi Avati?
Joseph Frank "Buster" Keaton
Skool Luv Affair is the second extended play by what seven member South Korean boy band that was formed by Big Hit Entertainment?
BTS
which genus contains more species, Silene or Pimelea?
Silene
The event known as "The Show", held at Adelaide's most popular event center, currently runs how long?
10 days
 Zymer Bytyqi was the youngest to ever play in the Norwegian top league until it was broken by the player from which Dutch club?
SC Heerenveen
Alfred R. Kelman, is an American film and television documentary producer and director best known for his work on "The Body Human" and the 1984 television version of which 1984 British-American made-for-television film adaptation of Charles Dickens' famous 1843 novella of the same name?
A Christmas Carol
rom March 2013 to October 2014, Omid Kordestani was the Non-executive Director at a company with headquarters in which city ?
London
Was Kristie Boogert or Alex O'Brien ranked higher as a singles player?
No. 30 in singles
Wall of Fame is a British comedy panel game that was first broadcast on Sky1 in 2011, it is hosted by "Little Britain" star David Walliams and features Tamara Ecclestone Rutland (born 28 June 1984) is a British model, socialite, television personality, and the daughter of which billionaire?
Bernie Ecclestone
What United States government agency did Philippe I. Reines, an American political consultant, join before founding Beacon Global Strategies in 2013 along with two other men?
Department of State
Archie Kemp, was an Australian boxer from Melbourne who died while fighting in which space in which a boxing match occurs, and in a modern ring, which is set on a raised platform, is square with a post at each corner to which four parallel rows of ropes are attached with a turnbuckle?
boxing ring
What country maufactures a magazine-fed, semi-automatic pistol which uses smart gun technology, used by a fictional character created by British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1953?
German company
The podcast Pacific Coast Hellway is recorded in what entry-level luxury German car?
BMW 3 Series
When was the king who was the subject of Siegfried Obermeier's "The Secret Diaries of Ludwig II of Bavaria" born? 
25 August 1845
Are Feist and Verona both singers?
no
Blue Vinyl and High School are both what?
documentary film
Approximately how many students are in the university in which Robert Kirthwood was the pioneer financial officer?
2,800
Which genus of plant has more species, Melasphaerula or Weigela?
Weigela is a genus of between six and 38 species
When was the singer of You Are My Destiny inducted into Canada's Walk of FAme
2005
Holme Moss is a moor in a region of England containing what forest in the west?
Forest of Rossendale
The only athlete to compete for Montserrat at the 2002 Commonwealth Games was born in what year?
1971
What was El Gallo de Oro's first album to become number one on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums?
Vencedor
Reinhold Ewald and Klaus-Dietrich Flade were both German astronauts; however, which one visited the Mir space station aboard a Soyuz capsule in 1992?
Klaus-Dietrich Flade
Who is older, Julien Temple or Subhash Ghai?
Subhash Ghai
The Civil Rights Heritage Center is housed in the former public swimming pool in what city?
South Bend, Indiana
Which plant has more spikes projecting from its stems: Fouquieria or Alfalfa?
Fouquieria
Ian Penman, is a British writer, music journalist, and critic, he began his career as a writer for the "NME" in 1977, later contributing to various publications including Sight & Sound, a British monthly film magazine, published by which organization?
British Film Institute (BFI)
Steve Carell starred alongside Emma Stone in "Battle of the Sexes", which was loosely based on whom?
King and Riggs
What term describes the countries England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland and held the British Home Championship in 1959-60. 
Home Nations
The producer of this box office success starring Liam Neeson was born in what year?
1971
Trish Sie was a director for the upcoming musical comedy film written by whom?
Kay Cannon
Who appointed the judge who wrote the lead opinion in Burnham v. Superior Court of California ?
Ronald Reagan
Love the Way You Lie was a song that was part of a medley with another song from what 2010 album?
Loud
Which cartel holds one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords and is fighting against the Zetas for control of Jalisco and its surrounding territories?
Jalisco New Generation Cartel
What is another name for the NIR flag?
Ulster Banner
The American fashion designer for Bjork's Greatest Hits Tour is the director of what fashion house?
Moschino
What is a 1940 biographical film which tells the story of Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football coach, and stars  Pat O'Brien portraying the role of Rockne and Ronald Reagan as player nicknamed "The Gipper" who was selected as Notre Dame's first Walter Camp All-American ?
Knute Rockne, All American
Hiwassee Dam is the third highest dam in the TVA system, behind Watauga and a hydroelectric dam on what river?
Little Tennessee River
Who was born first, Cheick Kongo or ALexander Volkov?
Cheick Kongo
Al Jazira is a footballer for the Al Jazira which is located where?
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
On what network did an American actress portray Shirley Partridge, along with David Cassidy, beginning in 1970?
ABC
In which battle the Roman Emperor from 361 to 363 was killed?
Battle of Samarra
Morgan & Morgan P.A. is a national plaintiffs law firm that operates on a contingency-fee basis, and was founded by which American lawyer, in 1988?
John Morgan
Who is famously known for his roles in The Walking Dead episode entitled Strangers and his role in Oz?
Seth Gilliam
Are Abū Ja'far al-Khāzin and Haly Abenragel both from the Middle East?
yes
What does Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner have in common?
cartoon
What is the name of the compilation double album released in 1987 by the British surreal comedy group known as the Pythons?
The Final Rip Off
Beez in the Trap was a song that followed which song from February 14, 2012 as a single release?
Starships
Where was the mixed martial arts event that Sabah Homasi competed in?
T-Mobile Arena in Paradise, Nevada
Which Rihanna album is the song that inspired "I Was a Fool" on?
"A Girl like Me"
One More Night was Written by Tom Davis and Al franken. What NBC Show was Franken and Davis best known for ?
Saturday Night Live
Was Bob Boone's father right or left-handed?
right-handed
Who has won more doubles tennis titles: Svetlana Kuznetsova or Kateryna Bondarenko?
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova
What denomination is the church Jørgen Tandberg served as a bishop in?
Lutheran
Are Quincy Perkins and Jerzy Skolimowski both directors?
yes
Who also was male vocalist on a different recording of a 1983 song written and performed by Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson?
Scott Klopfenstein
Which canal was the first venture of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company, the Delaware and Hudson Canal or the Delaware and Raritan Canal?
The Delaware and Hudson Canal
Who directed more well known movies Jim Sharman or John Hughes?
He directed and/or scripted some of the most successful comedy films of the 1980s and early 1990s including the comedy "National Lampoon's Vacation" (1983), the coming-of-age comedy "Sixteen Candles" (1984), the teen sci-fi comedy "Weird Science" (1985), the coming-of-age comedy-drama "The Breakfast Club" (1985), the coming-of-age comedy "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986), the romantic comedy-drama "Pretty in Pink" (1986), the romance "Some Kind of Wonderful" (1987), the comedies "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" (1987) and "Uncle Buck" (1989), the Christmas family comedy "Home Alone" (1990) and its sequel, "" (1992).
Which city hosted a march in the Nichidatsu Fujii's movement and is the site of Alcatraz island?
San Francisco
What position did the former footballer and racing driver play in the 2003-04 Olympique de Marseille season?
goalkeeper
Zone of the Enders is a video game franchise created by a producer regarded as a what?
an auteur of video games
A compact van was roughly the same size as a Volkswagen model introduced in what year?
1950
What scarface actor was also in the movie The Abandoned?
Mark Margolis
"The Hunt for the BTK Killer" is based on the true story of murders that took place in what county?
Sedgwick County
Carl Macek and Darren Aronofsky, are of which nationality?
American
What type of category does Pitcairnia and Evolvulus have in common?
genus
The actress that played Joanna Loudon on "Newhart" also co-stared with Waylon Jennings in a film released in what year?
1966
David upheld his support for his niece, the former Empress-consort, who had how many children?
no children
Benjamin Richard "Yahtzee" Croshaw is best known for his acerbic video game review series for an online magazine published by who?
Alexander Macris
The producer of "I Am That Change" made his adult acting debut in what film?
"Gangotri"
Which case had a larger majority ruling, Stromberg v. California or United States v. Wheeler?
United States v. Wheeler
Which character did British actor Christian Bale play in the 1999 film A Midsummer Night's Dream?
Demetrius
Tell Me O Kkhuda, is a 2011 Bollywood drama film directed by Hema Malini, stars include which Indian film actor, producer and politician, and in 1997,  he received the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to Hindi cinema?
Dharmendra
How long did the rebellion led by Samuel Sharpe last?
eleven-day
How is a Treeing Walker Coonhound and an Otterhound differnt ?
yes
What is the name of the monthly journal published by Rishab Aiyer Ghosh?
First Monday
When did the group, in which Canadian writer Wayson Choy is a member, develop a romanisation system for Catonese?
1993
Michael Jeffrey Lloyd was a producer of which teen idol pop star that also worked as a child actor in the 1970s?
Leif Garrett
What NBS drama series from 1991-1996 did Elizabeth Hoffman appear as Beatrice Reed Ventnor and Patricia Lalembar appear as Georgiana "Georgie" Reed Whitsig appear?
Sisters
Which canal, the North Shore Channel or the Eastside Canal, originates from a common diversion at Manor Street in Bakersfield, which also serves the Carrier Canal and Kern Island Canal?   
Eastside Canal
Who directed, produced, and wrote a Thomas and Friends film that incorporated elements from Shining Time Station?
Britt Allcroft
The Holy Trinity, an episode of British motoring series "The Grand Tour" was produced by which  independent television production company founded in 2015 in the UK?
W. Chump and Sons
Edward William Fitzalan-Howard, 18th Duke of Norfolk, (born 2 December 1956), styled Earl of Arundel between 1975 and 2002, is a British peer, Earl Marshal and son of which male British Army general and peer, and he eldest son of Bernard Fitzalan-Howard, 3rd Baron Howard of Glossop?
Miles Francis Stapleton Fitzalan-Howard, 17th Duke of Norfolk
What city with an urban population of 430,299 also houses the fourth tallest building in Latin America?
Panama City
Tin Kai-Man was in what 2004 Hong King-Chinese martial arts gangster comedy film that was produced by Chui Po-chu and Jeffrey Lau?
Kung Fu Hustle
Who was the director of the 2003 Christmas-themed romantic comedy film in which Reg Presley's "Love Is All Around" was featured?
Richard Curtis
Which United States Airforce installation has a large cantilever hangar and is located in northeastern Maine?
Loring Air Force Base
Which professional soccer club based in Adelaide plays at T.K. Shutter Reserve?
North Eastern MetroStars Soccer Club
Which professional footballer is uncle to the African Footballer of the Year for 2008?
Alex Harlley
Which person on the Angel of Retribution album is gay?
Rob Halford
What is this produced by Willett distillery, which was originally aged in charred oak barrels until mature at 15 years old?
Noah's Mill
Which author wrote the novel which Mr. Brownlow is a character in 
Charles Dickens
Which documentary was released first, Walking with Beasts or Rosenwald?
Walking with Beasts
Who is the publisher of the comic books  in which Irene Merryweather acts as a friend and confidante of a fictional character?
Marvel Comics
What year was Magda Behrend Rietschel's second husband born?
1897
Paricutin is what natural phenomenon that resulted in covering the town of San Juan Parangaricutiro?
a cinder cone volcano
Where is the developer of the Xiamoi Redmi 1S headquarted?
Beijing
Who made the term popularised that is the nationalism of Suhaldev? 
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar
Troy Edward Baker voiced Booker DeWitt in a video game published by which company ?
2K Games
What play was the musical Dag Achatz his own transcription of Bernstein's Symphonic Dances from based on?
"Romeo and Juliet"
Which actor starred in Spy Girl and The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince?
Gong Yoo
What did the king of Scotland bestow on Henry Somerset?
Dukedom of Beaufort
Mr. Airavata starred the actress who predominantly works in what language films?
Hindi
Both Buddleja and Acantholimon are considered which level of classification?
genus
 "A Father's Watch" is the eighteenth episode of the twenty-eighth season of a tv series created by who?
Matt Groening
 Conquest is a 1937 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film staring a British character actor for his many roles in British and American films and later in what?
television programmes
What man, widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Usain Bolt
Who is a guest appearance on Live @ Club U, Volume II?
Doug E. Fresh
Where is the company, in which TIGCC is related to, headquartered? 
Dallas, Texas
Ivo Andrić and Eldridge Cleaver, have which shared occupation?
writer
Where is the 2014 independent crime drama film, that stars the actor who played the role of James Crockett in Miami Vice, set?
Texas
For what war did the "Stuka" plane beat the Heinkel He 118?
World War II
During the 1985 World Games that took place at Slazenger Racquet Club, what days did it take place?
July 25 to August 4
On what channel was BVS Entertainment's Monster Farm aired?
Fox Family Channel
What type of organization now runs the cattle ranch founded by John Palmer Parker?
charitable trust
A Silent Film and Needtobreathe, have which genre in common?
rock
What Brittonic dialect was spoken in the kingdom who had the father of Owain mab Urien as king?
Cumbric
What instrument does Maddie Rice play in the band on American late-night talk show The Late Show with Stephen Colbert?
lead guitar
Who was born first, Berthold Viertel or Wes Anderson?
Berthold Viertel
The murder of nicole brown simpson and ron goldman was published in what collection of work?
Crime Wave
Were Miracle and Dinosaur released in the same year?
no
How tall is the athlete that is on the cover of the video game MLB 08: The Show?
6 ft
Who directed a 1975 British-American musical screwball comedy horror film which features the song "Science Fiction/Double Feature"?
Jim Sharman
Who directed the 1968 thriller film that featured the actor of the "Harry Potter" films' Rubeus Hagrid in a supporting role?
David Drury
Which movie came out first, Still Kicking or American Jobs ?
American Jobs
The grandson of Dorothy Bridges was born in what year?
1973
A contestant on Season 3 of the boxing reality television series "The Contender", Jaidon Codrington  went on to lose in the final to Sakio Bika,   a Cameroonian-Australian professional ?
boxer
Raffles is a film, released in what year, starring James David Graham Niven, his commonly known as David Niven, an English actor, memoirist and novelist? 
1939
The Monkey King Festival, is celebrated in China on the 16th day of the eighth Lunar month of which traditional,  lunisolar calendar which reckons years, months and days according to astronomical phenomena?
Chinese calendar
The 2016 UCF Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season, they were led by first-year head coach, and former player, Scott Andrew Frost, he was previously the offensive coordinator at which organization?
University of Oregon
Which of the two genus is also called Venus looking glass, Legousia or Coriaria?
Legousia
Universal Studios South Korea has a sister theme park planned in the Chinese capital that will open in what year?
2020
The covered wagon was long the dominant form of transport in pre-industrial America, it heavily relied upon along such travel routes as the Great Wagon Road, an improved trail through which location, from Pennsylvania to North Carolina, and from there to Georgia in colonial America?
Great Appalachian Valley
Did Rabindranath Tagore and Giuseppe Ungaretti both serve in World War I?
no
Reliance Entertainment, is a division of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, an Indian conglomerate, headquartered in Navi Mumbai, in which country?
India
What is the title of the 2014 film which features Kyle Rees and has a stage musical adaptation being planned?
Pride
Which member of the Achilles club was born in 1900 and went to Oxford?
Evelyn Aubrey Montague
Who were the silent films La Roue and Napoleon directed by?
Abel Gance
Which iconic, knighted British actor appears in 2013 heist movie Now You See Me?
Michael Caine
Who played Matt Reeves in a 2010 horror film written and directed by Matt Reeves?
Seth Elijah Adkins
Situational analysis was advanced by Karl Popper in his book released in what year?
1957
The Hunters is a science fiction adventure telefilm, released in which year, starring Robbie Amell and Alexa Vega?
2013
The fourth place Australian professional men's basketball team is the only one in the league to represent what area?
Victoria
Is King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi or the University of Pisa located in Italy?
University of Pisa
Do the bands Squirrel Nut Zippers and Hoodoo Gurus perform the same genre of music?
yes
When was the director of Pretty Ugly People born? 
June 3, 1969
Which is Roy Clark known for first, performing at Forum 303 Mall or hosting Hee Haw?
hosting "Hee Haw"
James Shomate has accompanied the mezzo-soprano who sang for which New York City opera?
Metropolitan Opera
How long did the bombing of a Toronto–Montreal–London–Delhi route of Air India have an effect on Canada-India relations for?
about 20 years
The 37th National Hockey League All-Star Game was held in the Olympic Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, home of the Calgary Flames, on February 12, 1985, the game's most valuable player was Mario Lemieux, a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and current owner of which sports team?
Pittsburgh Penguins
Which Rihanna album came out after the album containing the song "Skin"?
Talk that Talk
From which long-term Native American alliance is there a namesake state park in Shabbona Township, Illinois?
Council of Three Fires
Genie Energy and which other oil and gas company, considered one of the seven 'Supermajor' oil companies, owns American Shale Oil, the developers of in-situ shale oil extraction technology in Rifle, Colorado?
Total S.A.
In which event was D. C. Jefferson picked up by the Arizona Cardinals that was held in New York City on April 25 - 27?
The 2013 NFL draft
The Tower Commission had a National Security Advisor who had served in what previous capacity?
United States Air Force lieutenant general
The Sunday River Bridge, also known locally as the Artists Bridge, is a historic covered bridge in Newry, Maine, it is located northeast of Sunday River, a ski resort located in Newry, in which state?
Maine
What country is the creator of Nivdung from?
India
One of LNK TV's sister channels is a Lithuanian news television station that started to air on November 12, 2007, and the range is what percent of Lithuanian television users?
97%
Which riffle on which SIG SG 550 is based is a 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle developed in the early 1970s by Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft?
The SG 540
Carlo Buccirosso is best known for a 2013 movie directed by who ?
Paolo Sorrentino
What is the name of a monthly magazine established in 1997 that tells facts about depression and causes of it? 
Charaktery
The band famous for the single Waterfalls, had a singer with the nickname Left Eye, who was born on what day?
May 27, 1971
Deborah "Debbie" Lee Carrington (born December 14, 1959) is an American actress and stuntwoman known for her diminutive size due to dwarfism, she has appeared in many films and TV shows, including which 1986 American science-fiction comedy film directed by Willard Huyck>
Howard the Duck
Were both Georges Bataille and J. M. Barrie playwrights?
no
Which 1962 novel was made into a Broadway play as well as a film that starred Jack Nicholson?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Michael "Mike" Viola is best known for his work with an American singer-songwriter who is currently a member of what rock trio?
Nice As Fuck
The Leopold Quarter was named after a man that was born in what city?
Coburg
Where is Ubisoft's Tetris Ultimate partner based in?
Hawaii
What team Japanese baseball team does Daisuke Matsuzaka, famous shuuto pitcher, play for?
Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks
The pilot episode for the television series about a five-person team who use their skills to fight corporate and governmental injustices originally aired on what date?
December 7, 2008
Whos starred in Guiding Light and was the character Blair in One Lif to Live?
Kassie DePaiva
Bruce Crump was the original drummer for what southern rock band?
Molly Hatchet
John Lineker, the mixed martial artist, is named after which English footballer and current sports broadcaster?
Gary Winston Lineker
What brewing company did Joseph Schiltz Brewing Company aquire in 1956? 
George Muehlebach Brewing Company
In what year did the first named female star of The Comfort of Strangers die?
2009
Are Robert Walser and Tom Clancy both writers ?
yes
De Borgia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Mineral County, a county located in the U.S. state of Montana, in which country?
United States
What carrier did the ship whose mast is in The Eastern Promenade support during the initial phase of the Guadalcanal Campaign?
Enterprise
During his tenure as Ambassador to Vietnam, Donal Read Heath advocated and carried out American policy under a United States Secretary of State for what president?   
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Which mutual building society, based in Leek, merged with a mortgage lending subsidiary of the cooperative bank in 2009?
Britannia Building Society
So Rock was a comedy album by the comedian from what English town?
Northampton
What is the name of the debut solo album by George Harrison that is included on George Harrison - The Vinyl Collection compilation box set?
Wonderwall Music
What year was a screenwriter and co-creator for an adult animated television series revolving around the activity of the Sebben & Sebben law firm born?
1966
John Paul Reed is a former English professional footballer who played as a midfielder, he played for which professional association football club based in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, England?
Blackpool Football Club
What is compact identifier 1996astro for Galaxy Fliament also known as?
Bibcode
The Cyclone Taylor Award is the award given each year to the most valuable player on a team whose home arena has an official capacity of what?
18,910
Who produced the movie that "But It's Better If You Do"'s title comes from?
Mike Nichols
Wolves Within is the fourth album by a band from what city and state?
Minneapolis, Minnesota
What colonel during the Mexican Revolution owned a factory that distilled an alcoholic beverage made from any type of agave plant native to Mexico?
Amelio Robles Avila
Billy Mackenzie and Jessica Jung, have which occupation in common?
singer
What is the birthdate of the Australian kickboxer who lost to Japanese professional wrestler Kazuyuki Fujita?
5 August 1975
What NFL coach was replaced by Dick Jauron for the Bears, and who now coaches for Tennessee?
Mike Mularkey
The Ladder of Lies stars what american film actress best known as the estranged wife of silent film star Rudolph Valentino
Jean Acker
Which American actor, screenwriter, poet and singer died in 1999 and acted in Amok Time?
DeForest Kelley
After growing up in Taylorsville, Mississippi, which team did Billy Hamilton set the record for most stolen bases by a rookie in a single season?
Cincinnati Reds
How many years has this professional league competition for football clubs been operating, in which Associazione Calcio CHievoVerona is currently competing?
over eighty years
In which film, co-written, directed, and produced by Nicholas Stoller, did Da'Vone McDonald briefly appear in?
The Five-Year Engagement
The Dubai English Speaking College was founded by the daughter of Kind Hussein of Jordan also known as what?
Haya bint Hussein
What is the name of the first collection of poems or the American poet who appeared in numerous literary magazines, including one that added a book division with Elizabeth Ellen as editor?
Inappropriate Sleepover
What team won the 2014 Championship game for a football conference in which Craig Thompson has been the Commissioner since its 1999 founding?
Boise State
Dorien DeTombe was a former academic at what technological university located in Delft, Netherlands?
Delft University of Technology
How long is the extension of the blue ridge mountain range that Nichol's Gap Road was built over?
70 mi
Where was the first naval recipient of the Medal of Honor in World War II shot down?
Tarawa
Which actor is known for being in westerns, Anthony Mann or Luis Valdez?
Anthony Mann
Which postcolonial literature academic specializes in Victorian and Modern English literature?
Ankhi Mukherjee is an academic specialising in Victorian and Modern English literature,
Air Canada Flight 797 started out at what largest hub for American Airlines?
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
The Commissioner is a 1998 Belgian-German drama film directed by George Sluizer, based on the novel of same name by Stanley Patrick Johnson, of West Nethercote, Winsford, Somerset, is a British politician and author, and an expert on environmental and population issues, and was a Conservative MEP for which organization, from 1979 to 1984?
Wight & Hampshire East
The American mythologist best known for his philosophy to "follow your bliss" worked with which Zen Buddhist teacher who has written books in what categories?
Buddhism and spirituality
In what game do players take turns removing one block at a time from a tower constructed of 54 blocks, Jenga or 30 Seconds?
Jenga
In what year did Sigismund Casimir's mother die?
1644
What role did the actress in an animated television series created by C. H. Greenblatt play in Austin Powers?
Frau Farbissina
The tournament where Regino Ylanan rose to fame with three gold medals in track and field at was held on what dates?
1-9 February 1913
What year did the daughter of Mahesh Bhatt star in an Abhishek Chaubey film?
2016
Which artist is still part of a band, Brendon Urie or Kevin Max?
Brendon Boyd Urie
The Tri-State Mall was a shopping mall located on Delaware Route 92, in Claymont, Delaware, by 2017, the only anchor store left was Burlington Coat Factory with a space previously occupied by the still vacant building, which American big box department store chain headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, United States?
Kmart
What man founded an Africa-focused security, aviation, and logistics company and is best known for founding a government services and security company in the USA?
Erik Prince
The Freemen of the South, were belligerents in an 1839 rebellion in south Buenos Aires province, Argentina against Federalist Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas, a mixture of disgruntled ranchers and Unitarian revolutionaries, the Freemen briefly took control of Dolores, Chascomús and which main city of the homonymous partido (department), located in Argentina, in the southeast of Buenos Aires Province, just north-northwest of the Tandilia hills?
Tandil
In early years of sprinting besides an American former track and field sprinter who specialized in the 100-meter dash who was a record holder?
Donovan Bailey
Who works with the senior executive vice president in charge of Adult Swim at Williams Street?
Keith Crofford
The big winner of the 63rd Bodil Awards was the 2009 English-language film that came from what country?
Danish
Knat Scatt Private Eye is a two-act, 1930s-style film noir musical featuring an American actor known for playing Michael Scott on the American version of what?
The Office
Franklin Armstrong is a comic strip character create by a man that died in what year?
2000
Which American rock band was founded first, Mutemath or SWMRS?
Mutemath
What type of band was the Texas Tornados when Doug Sahm was a member?
Tejano band
Are Sazerac and Hangman's Blood both alcoholic drinks?
yes
Are Veratrum and Leontopodium genuses of plants that are found in the same family?
no
What was the nickname of one of the members of the Eastern Conference Southeast Division that was viewed as one of the best dunkers in the National Basketball Association's history?
The Human Highlight Film
In between Zigadenus and Mutisia , which one is named after José Celestino Mutis?
Mutisia
Roman Coppola was a screenwriter who wrote which 2012 coming-of-age film?
Moonrise Kingdom
Jim McCormick wrote a song for what artist that has earned more number one albums than any other artist in US jazz chart history?
Joseph Harry Fowler Connick Jr.
The band Clock features P.J. Smith and a man that replaced what Def Leppard member?
Steve Clark
The 2008 Toulon Tournament was the 36th edition of the Toulon Tournament, Tournament finished with the final between Italy and Chile at Stade Mayol in Toulon as Italy had the title after the final score of 1–0, scored by which Argentine-born Italian retired footballer who played as a forward, in the 70th minute?
Pablo Daniel Osvaldo
which year was the coach of Houston Cougar's in the 2016-17 season born ?
1955
Which unversity was founded first, Stevens Institute of Technology or Polytechnic University of Bari?
Stevens Institute of Technology
What is the birth year of the Jazz singer who is responsible for writing the gospel song "Come Ye"?
1962
Who was the father of a dancer who perfromed Acro Dance?
Vladimir Putin
Bob Mould and Moonbabies, have which mutual occupations?
guitarist, vocalist and songwriter
In what festival did Gigantic premier in with the actress who played Violet in "The Incredibles"?
South by Southwest Film Festival
Mariana Kovacevic has treated the defensive midfielder for which Turkish club?
Galatasaray
Some of the interior and front of the Jumbo's Clown Room building is shown on the video for Let Me Go by an American rock band who roase to international fame with what single?
Kryptonite
"Sebben, crudele", is an aria from Antonio Caldara's opera, released in what year, "La costanza in amor vince l'inganno", it has been recorded by Cecilia Bartoli, an Italian coloratura mezzo-soprano opera singer and recitalist?
1710
In the 2008-09 Houston Rockets season, which 2.29 meter player missed most of the second round due to a foot injury?
Yao Ming
A private U.S. for-profit company founded in 1989 that specializes in information security and cybersecurity training founded the certification entity in what year?
1999
B. F. Shelton recorded a number of songs for which Victor Talking Machine Company producer?
Ralph Peer
Who is the founder of Intel?
Gordon Moore
When was the Scottish historian born who coined Chimerica?
18 April 1964
Spider-Man was a 2002 film that co-starred the American actress who made her debut in what Woody Allen short film?
Oedipus Wrecks
When was the stage performer  who is also was Paul Daniels wife born
31 October 1958
The Luna Jacal or Luna's Jacal was the residence of Gilberto Luna, a Mexican pioneer farmer in the area of Texas that would become which U.S. national park located in Western Texas, bordering Mexico?
Big Bend National Park
What actor, who starred in The Flight of the Phoenix, also starred in Cool Hand Luke?
George Kennedy
Pickin' Wildflowers is a song recorded by the country artist who was signed to which label in 2004?
Arista Nashville
What was the name of the period instrument ensemble that was formed in the 1950s by the conductor with whom Elisabeth Kulman recorded Beethoven's "Missa solemnis"?
Concentus Musicus Wien
What city was the company, which acquired Bob Meyrowitz's company in 2001, founded?
Las Vegas
Reliance Entertainment is a division of a conglomerate headquartered in what country?
India
Which city is host to "The Fifty Worst Films of All Time" writer Michael Medved's syndicated talk show?
Seattle
"Way Back into Love" is a Pop song, written by who, from the 2007 film "Music and Lyrics", there are two versions, both have been sung by Hugh John Mungo Grant, an English actor and film producer?
Adam Schlesinger
What satire on war and bureaucracy was written by a collaborator of Leonard Bishop?
Catch-22
The horse-collar tackle is closely associated with what safety who played college football for the University of Oklahoma?
Roy Lee Williams
Sorry is a 1966 song that was written by Stevie Wright and another Australian musician who moved to Australia with his family as a teenager, but was born where?
Scotland
What language family has langauges using Že? 
Indo-European
What is the birthdate of this American singer, songwriter, actress, dancer, comedian, and author, who sang a duet with Johnny Cash titled Hello, I'm Johnny Cash?
June 23, 1929
Both Greenhill and Waterfall Gully are both suburbs of what city?
Adelaide
Where is the current home of the artist known for his popular remix album comprised of old and new remixes by himself, Blue Stahli, Drivepilot, Josh Money and many others?
Detroit, Michigan
Magic Mike XXL starred the American actor who made his debut in 2001 on what soap opera?
Guiding Light
Crime  Life: Gang Wars, featured voices from what hip hop group formed in 1996?
D12
The Jumbles Reservoir is now owned by a water company founded in what year?
1995
A Killer Within included the American actor who won the Best Supporting Actor in a Drama award at what 2012 gathering?
Critics' Choice Television Awards
Andrew Dawes coached what wheelchair racer in 2012 to the London Paralympics?
Kurt Fearnley
Bertalan Farkas and Georgi Ivanov, share which mutual occupation?
cosmonaut
Anastasia is a 1997 American animated epic musical alternative history film produced by Fox Animation Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox, directed by which former Walt Disney Animation Studios director, and is also an American actor, voice actor, comedian and producer?
Henry Albert "Hank" Azaria
This Canadian actor won a Best Picture award for the film River's Edge with which award ceremony?
1986 Independent Spirit Awards
Which city is 220 km from Santos Dumont and the 6th most populated city in the Americas?
Rio de Janeiro
This Japanese producer of role-playing games founded in 1986 has has several anime adaptations based on their products, such as Legand of Crystania, Rune Soldier, and another series based on what trading card game?
Monster Collection
Was Arnold Rothstein an American actor, if no, then what was he?
Jewish-American racketeer
What luxury jeweler decorated the ceiling of  The Pantages Theatre?
Tiffany & Company
What year was the writer of the music for the 1956 song "Tonight" born?
1918
Franciscus Dousa, was a Dutch classical scholar, at which oldest university in the Netherlands, located in the city of Leiden?
Leiden University
The town in which Birch Point State Park is located in had what population in the 2010 census?
1,580
When was Joanna Vassa's father's autobiography published?
1789
Which castle was the stronghold of a family whose surname derived from the Gaelic term "dubh glas" meaning 'black stream'?
Douglas Castle
Carl Venne served on the project and non-profit organization founded by whom?
Thomas Siebel
The coat of arms of Samoa takes its inspiration from the United Nations, as New Zealand administered Western Samoa first as a League of Nations,  was an intergovernmental organisation founded on which date, as a result of the Paris Peace Conference that ended the First World War?
10 January 1920
Which movie has a role called "Jonah Baldwin" and gained $220 million worldwide?
Sleepless in Seattle
What is the Portuguese football agent whose clients include the manager for the Premier League club Manchester United, often referred to as?
super-agent
Horrorween starred which actor and stuntman?
Thomas Vincent Savini
Adlan Varayev defeated the wrestler who ended up winning how many world and Olympic medals in 1987?
seven-time
which  American petroleum corporation, was owned by  Robert Earl Holding 
Sinclair Oil Corporation
What are both Elle and LaIsha?
magazine
"Krusty Gets Busted" is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"' first season, the episode was written by Jay Kogen and which American actor, screenwriter, television producer and film director known for being one of the screenwriters for "The Simpsons" during the first four seasons?
Wallace Wolodarsky
Figure It Out and Tracks to Telluride are both?
board game
In which city is the Gator Bowl Stadium which hosted the Florida-Georgia game?
Jacksonville, Florida
What was 2011 census of a Woolthorpe parish which wasn’t a birthplace of Isaac Newton? 
415
What rules were superseded by the Marquess of Queensberry rules and were introduced as a result of the death of "Brighton Bill"?
London Prize Ring Rules
Does Dryopteris or Adenanthos have more species?
Dryopteris
Haris Bandey is an Olympian swimmer who trains at what complex in Hendon London? 
Barnet Copthall
Great Pyrenees and Slovak Cuvac, are a breed of which animal?
dog
In what year was the man who led the 1998 Louisville Cardinals football team born?
1948
What diacritical mark was added to Te Atatu in 2008?
macron
What is the new name of South Korean singer-songwriter Jung Joon-young's new rock band, previously known as JJY Band?
Drug Restaurant
What college founded by Prince Albert employs adjunct professor and former chair of finance William Perraudin?
Imperial College London
Who acted in the shot film The Shore and is also the youngest actress ever to play Ophelia in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Hamlet." ?
Kerry Condon
Who directed the 1988 film in which featured the actress who also starred in "Home Alone" and "After Hours?"  
Tim Burton
The Breeze broadcasts to a city in southwest England with a population of what, as of 2017?
454,200
What does INS Nipat have to do with the Indian Navy?
have been named INS "Nipat":
What kind of group does Chuck Billy and Kendall Schmidt have in common?
band
The Murrell Home in Oklahoma is one of the few buildings to survive which now-infamous historical event, a series of forced removals of Native Americans from the Southeastern U.S. to designated Indian Territory?
Trail of Tears
Who owns and operates the hotel and casino where the 13th Anniversary Show took place?
Boyd Gaming
Main Rahoon Ya Na Rahoon was a song by a finalist on what program?
Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs
How many Primetime Emmy Awards did the actor, who starred with Dan Aykroyd, and Donna Dixon in Spies Like Us, earn ?
three
What was the media type seen above?
radio
When is the general manager in the film Moneyball born? 
March 29, 1962
"John the Revelator"/"Lilian" from an album released on which day ?
17 October 2005
In the Hall of the Mountain King is a piece by a composer of what nationality?
Norwegian
Is Fish or Alexi Laiho an occasional actor?
Fish
"No Foe Shall Gather Our Harvest" is a poem first published in a monthly women's magazine published by who?
Bauer Media Group
F1 2013 is a video game developed by Codemasters based on the 2013 Formula One season, a notable credit is the opening video features "Clarity" is a song by which Russian-German electronic dance music producer featuring the vocals of British singer Foxes?
Zedd
This outdoor second-hand sale is held annually along a north–south U.S. Highway that is how long?
758 mi
When did Spencer Smith and his band release their debut studio album?
2005
What school did the man featured on European cover of Madden NFL 99 play collegge football for?
University of Georgia
The Maverick Queen stars the title character as what kind of private security guard?
Pinkerton
Stewart Nozette is currently serving time at a prison located in what state?
Indiana
What Indian composer and singer is composing the score for Shane Srimannarayana?  
Charan Raj
Which of the actress that starred in Galveston is known for portraying Betty Cooper on The CW television series "Riverdale?
Lili Reinhart
Did Sir Edmund Gardner feature Sherlock Holmes arch enemy more or less than Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
three continuation novels containing Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional villain,
JoBeth Williams starred in the tv miniseries Murder Ordained, What was the name of her 1994 short film?
On Hope
Carrie Akre and Andy McCluskey are both a what?
musician
Are We Were So Beloved and The World of Charlie Company both documentaries?
yes
Which season was Krystal Meadows on Instant star and where is the show from?
She has made appearance on the third season of "Instant Star" with Laura Vandervoort and Alexz Johnson as Mindy in "All I Want Is You," season 13's last episode.
What type of media does Agnieszka Holland and Chris Carter have in common?
film
Which American rapper wrote the song titled "Love the Way You Lie (Part II)"?
Eminem
The Biograph Theater is notable as the location where a bank robber who escaped from jail twice was shot by who?
FBI agents
A. R. D. Prasad is a specialist in what type of text displayed on a screen with references that are easily accessible?
Hypertext
Stan Brakhage and Frank Powell are known for what kind of films?
silent film
What was the theme of the organization that selected Benjamin B. Fischer's paper for inclusion in a time capsule?
Honor the Past – Imagine the Future
What tournament was held in Incheon and three other cities in South Korea from September 14 to October 3, 2014 and featured Japanese football player Takuya Kida?
2014 Asian Games
Family Guy: Live in Vegas, features vocals from an American actress and singer who in 2006 was inducted into what?
American Theater Hall of Fame
Have Fat Mike and Shim Eun-jin collaborated on music previously?
no
What type of films are both the Vanishing of the Bees and For the Bible Tells Me So?
documentary film
A Spool of Blue Thread is a novel by the literary critic of what nationality?
American
On which day is the spokesman of Cambridge Who's who born ?
December 31, 1977
Are both Egypt Central and Bright Eyes names of bands?
yes
What kind of animal does Chien Français Blanc et Orange and Grand Griffon Vendéen have in common?
dog
The M1947 Johnson auto carbine was intended as a replacement for a .30 caliber semi-automatic rifle that was standard US service rifle during World War II, the Korean War, and a limited amount when?  
Vietnam War
Which Pakistani TV news channel, owned and operated by Independent Media Corporation, does Ali Nasir appear on?
Geo News
Which of the actors starred in "A Southern Yankee" is an American actress and former Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star, who achieved notability during the 1950s?
Arlene Dahl
Are 7 World Trade Center and the Time Warner Center both located in New York City?
yes
What fairy tale was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2003 and about a young woman whose royal identity is established by a test of her physical sensitivity? the Princess and the Pea
The Princess and the Pea
Name the video game which was first published by Broderbund in 1983, and was the inspiration for the indie game N by Metanet Software?
Lode Runner
Terry David is known for his campaign for his son, David, who was detained at which detention center?
Guantanamo Bay detention camp
Pibare Rama rasam is a classical song composed by Sadasiva Brahmendra, was a saint, composer of Carnatic music and Advaita philosopher who lived near Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu, during which time period?
18th century
What number is the series of "Oz" books does the City of Thi appear in?
the eleventh
The director of Hotel Chevalier was born in what year?
1969
Jayson Tatum, who played in the 2017-18 Philadelphia 76ers season, played for which college before declaring himself eligible for the 2017 NBA draft?
Duke Blue Devils
What record company released the album that is a collaboration between Daniel Dumile and Bishop Nehru?
Lex Records
Between OK! and New Era which magazine had its first issue published earlier?
New Era
Do Chris Menges and Vladimir Danilevich have the same nationality ?
no
Who's life is captured in the 1999 British film about the collapse of Baring's Bank, the United Kingdom's oldest merchest bank, due to fraudulent, speculative trading?
Nick Leeson
Which actor on the television series "Due South" also played in the 2007 film The Invisible? 
Callum Keith Rennie
Karl-Heinz Urban is a New Zealand actor known for playing in a 2012 science-fiction action film directed by who?
Pete Travis
Which contained more acts, Macbeth or Les mamelles de Tirésias?
Macbeth
Lady for a Day is based on the short story written by the newspaperman of what nationality?
American
Who was the original vocalist for the song "Shoot You Down"?
Ian Brown
Eldon P. Wyman was an ensign serving aboard a battleship built in what year?
1910
When was the park, containing the volcano which caused the Kilauea eruption in 1959, established?
August 1, 1916
In which year was this American heavyweight boxer born who was active in the 1950s through the 1970s, and was defeated by the former Canadian professional boxer George Chuvalo?
1933
Who is the teenage assassin in the book published in 2012 by Bloomsbury?
Celaena Sardothien
McLaren 12C was designed by which automaker based in Woking, Surrey?
McLaren Automotive
20th Century Battlefields was hosted by the radio presenter and historian of what nationality?
British
Which Czech born American physicist was the author of several works on optics and edited the a series of books called, Progress in Optics?
Emil Wolf
Which channel did this American animated television series from the creators of "Phineas and Ferb" air that featured Kate Micucci?
Disney XD
Beyond the Fridge featured a performance by Jonathan miller who first came to prominence when?
early 1960s
Thornton–Cleveleys was a railway station on the now disused line between fleetwood and a railway station also served by who?
Virgin Trains
In what year was the man born whose experiences are depicted in the television film "A Dangerous Man: Lawrence After Arabia" born?
1888
Who is the secretary of a business-oriented American lobbying group that is not an agency of the United States government?
Elliot Hersey Goodwin
Which dog is from South America the Schipperke or the Mucuchies?
Mucuchí
What type of animal was pursued and slain by Antoine De Beauterne ?
gray wolf, dog or wolfdog
Sarah Drew had which role on the ABC drama Grey's Anatomy?
April Kepner M.D.
Type 07 military uniforms were first seen during the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom to which country?
China
Michael Soren Madsen stared in a movie that was based on a graphic novel of the same name written by whom?
Frank Miller
What band performed heir second single off their debut album at he twenty-ninth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view  event produced by WWE?
Living Colour
"Rings Around the World" is a song by what band formed in 1993?
Super Furry Animals
Who is the author of "Dieu" and "Les Misérables"?
Victor Hugo
The singer who contributed vocals to the track "You Know What It Is" was a member of what hip hop group?
Fugees
Alaunt or Polish Tatra Sheepdog, which is extinct?
Alaunt
Which documentary was created first, Where Have All the Flowers Gone? or American Pimp?
American Pimp
Changes is a British television advertisement launched in what year, to promote the second-generation of the Volkswagen Golf, The Volkswagen Golf Mk2 is a compact car, the second generation of the Volkswagen Golf and the successor to the Volkswagen Golf Mk1?
1987
Did both Wickard v. Filburn and Strickland v. Washington reach the Supreme Court of the United States?
yes
Which plant is native to Southern Africa, Anacampseros or Prostanthera?
Anacampseros
Which convertible variant from 2011-2014 was after by the 2002-2003 crossover style vaguely similar the Nissan Actic?
CrossCabriolet
Which soda, Shasta or Tizer, was sold in the United Kingdom?
Tizer
Christine M. McCarthy reports to an American businessman who earned how much money in 2015?
$44.9 million
Jacob Surjan currently serves as the development coach of a team based in which city ?
Alberton
In what US city is the Sixth Army headquartered?
San Antonio, Texas.
Are  Vanessa Petruo and  Greek Fire from different countries?
yes
Which film maker directed "The Wrecker", Albert de Courville or A. Edward Sutherland?
Albert de Courville
Which member of the South Korean boy band 2PM is in the Korean television drama Good Manager?
Lee Jun-ho
Es ist ein Ros entsprungen was covered by Manheim Steamroller on what album that was released in 1988, and was the last album to feature Eric Hansen as a member of the band?
A Fresh Aire Christmas
Detective Inspector Richard Poole is a character in the crime drama television series "Death in Paradise", portrayed by an actor born in which year ?
1966
What prize was won for a book by a British author and illustrator from Dartmoor, focusing on futuristic steampunk London?
Nestlé Smarties Book Prize
Which fictional location is featured in the children's novel published fourth in "The Chronicles of Narnia" series by C. S. Lewis?
Underland
Are Max Carl and Tairrie B. both American singers?
yes
When was the American football quarterback born who had enjoyed great success with the Eagles but had a subpar year with the Redskins in 2010?
November 25, 1976
Who directed the 1976 film (apart from "Stay Hungry") Dennis Fimple had a role in?
John Guillermin
What was the nickname of the real gangster whom the Godfather's Morris "Moe" Greene name is a partial composite of? 
Mr. Las Vegas
Are both pieces The Immortal Hour and L'incoronazione di Poppea an opera?
yes
What group owns the hotel that is set to be demolished in 2020?
Jardine Matheson Group
Were both Heavyweights and The Bears and I directed by Steven Brill?
no
Were United States v. Nixon and Kent v. Dulles both Supreme Court cases?
yes
P. V. Sindhu and Saina Nehwal are the only two Indian athletes to win an Olympic medal in which sport?
badminton
What is the birth date for the director of a Holocaust film that is over 9 hours long? 
27 November 1925
No team has won a championship since the Redskins at a Superbowl, at this superbowl what was the final score?
score of 37–24
Which plant's name is derived from the greek for "bee," Melittis or Hovea?
Melittis
Where was the unclassified language of the people who were sometimes referred to as Cocos heard?
the Texas coast
Who did Holly Dunn record "Daddy's Hands" for?
MTM Records
Ichabod Crane is a fictional character and the protagonist in Washington Irving's short story, first published in which year, "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" is a short story of speculative fiction by American author Washington Irving, contained in his collection of 34 essays and short stories entitled, "The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent."?
1820
The amount owed by the federal government of the United States is part of the macroeconomics of a debt ceiling that was created when?
1917
The longest river on the east coast has a tributary in Scott Township that is approximately how long?
3.1 mi long
What position in the Nigerian Army is the appointer of Mahmood Yakubu retired from?
major general
International Street is a themed area at Canada's Wonderland theme park in Vaughan, Ontario, the street ends at Wonder Mountain, a visual landmark for navigating through much of the park, a similar format is used in Kings Island theme park, albeit with a replica of the Eiffel Tower at the end of the park, it opened in which year at Kings Island?
1972
At which habourise street circuit did The Queen + Adam Lambert 2016 Summer Festival Tour appear?
Marina Bay Street Circuit
Who was born first Quentin Crisp or J. B. Priestley?
John Boynton "J. B." Priestley
Sarasota Grammar School was founded in what county of Florida?
Sarasota County
What position did the former manager of Lee Young-pyo play?
midfielder
Worst Bakers in America is a cooking competition television series presented by Lorraine Pascale and an executive chef of what Baltimore-based shop?
Charm City Cakes
What Pulitzer Prize considered an artist as a finalist who was also part of a duet responsible for the album 'Wisdom in Time?'
Music
Which fil directed by Brian Percival is about a young girl living with her adoptive German family dua?ing the Nazi err
The Book Thief
The 1987–88 Georgetown Hoyas play their game in the community that is in what Maryland county?
Prince George's County
Harry Potter was a film series beginning with the movie directed by whom?
Chris Columbus
Fletcher G. Watson (c. 1912 – 7 May 1997) was an American professor of science education at the Harvard Graduate School of Education (1946–77), where he served as the Henry Lee Shattuck Professor of Education (1966–77), Watson was a founder and co-director of which national curriculum development project to create a secondary school physics education program in the United States during the Cold War era?
Harvard Project Physics
What American composer scored the 43rd Disney animated feature film?
James Newton Howard
The 2000 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LVIII Grand Prix Automobile de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held on 4 June 2000 at the Circuit de Monaco, the  78-lap race was won by which McLaren driver, after starting from third position, known as DC, is a British former Formula One racing driver turned presenter, commentator and journalist?
David Marshall Coulthard
Who introduced the Ultimate Boeing 747 gambit in response to the idea that there must be a god if there appears to be a deliberate design in the natural world?
Richard Dawkins
What is the founding year of the online magazine that David Plotz is currently the CEO of?
2009
Who was the director of the 1956 western film starring the American actor who played Palmer Cortland on "All My Children"?
Ted Post
Which one for the first thinkers to form Free will in antiquity was also well-known for formulation of an atomic theory of the universe?
Democritus
how is Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps and Will Mellor related?
England
The 1980 Kansas Jayhawks football team represented the University of Kansas in the Big Eight Conference during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season, they played their home games at Memorial Stadium, a football stadium, in which city in Kansas?
Lawrence
The person that formed The Jeff Beck Group had been a guitarist in a group formed when? 
1963
Astralwerks was a label that released an album by the artist from what North Carolina city?
Chapel Hill
What republic was started because of a dispute in the area The Green Mountain Boys were a militia?
Vermont Republic
What is the rating of the highest charting album from Judy Collins that includes the song from "Love Actually"?
5
Miniature Fox Terrier and English Water Spaniel, are breed of which animal?
dog
Who manages the Ballymena United Football club that Michael Gault is associated with?
The club is managed by iconic Irish League player/manager David Jeffrey.
George Embiricos owned several masterpieces from Wassily Kandinsky, painter and art theorist from where?
Russian
Fort Reno is named for a general that was killed while commanding a corp during what battle?
Battle of South Mountain
What was the 2010 population of the town located at exit 17 off of Route 495 in Hudson County?
16,264
What American sitcom, about a middle-class family living in Indiana, stars the American adolescent actress, Mackenzie Smith?
The Middle
What Michigan city was the band that released "Live at Bell's" founded in?
Kalamazoo
What is the suburban dormitory town 12 miles from central London that is served by the station named after Theobalds Park?
Waltham Cross
Which artist features a high beats per minute and repeating melodic phrases in his album Stellar Supreme?
Cosmic Baby
What movie did the actress who is best known for playing Dawn Denbo in "The L Word" star with Catherine Keener, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Rebecca Hall, Lois Smith, Kevin Corrigan, and Ann Guilbert?
Please Give
Are Blue Grass Airport and Knox County Regional Airport both located in the state of Maine, United States?
no
What is it called when Dalal Achcar sequences a movement of physical bodies?
choreography
University of North Georgia includes a campus location in which city that is the sole incorporated area in the county of Forsyth?
Cumming
Elkhan Mammadov is the project leader for a bid to host which edition of UEFA European Championship ?
16th edition
 Jessica Canseco is the wife of what cuban-american former outfielder and designated hitter?
Jose Canseco
After whom is the university at which Dirk Bootsma was professor between 1969 and 2002 named?
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
What is the nationality of the person who discovered Alicia Witt?
American
What shape was the bastion fort whose defense inspired the poem that the American national anthem was based on?
pentagonal
Albert Fuller was an accomplished keyboard player associated with the compositions of Jean-Philippe Rameau for which instrument?
harpsichord
In what year was the film released in which Daniel John Pollock played the role of Davey?
1992
Which American animated television series has C. H. Greenblatt worked on
The Grim Adventures of Billy
Both Christopher Isherwood and Yevgeny Zamyatin shared what profession?
author
What award was introduced in Steven Finn's first season in the NHL ?
the Presidents' Trophy,
Des O'Hagan was a founding member of what organisation that campaigned for civil rights for the Catholic minority in Northern Ireland during the late 1960s and early 1970s?
Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association
What is the name of the second oldest brewery in the United States whose CEO is Manjit Minhas?
Minhas Craft Brewery
American Actor Sam Robards' acted in The Art of Getting By which was premiered under what title at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival?
Homework
Who has won more grand slam double titles, Andrea Hlaváčková or Tony Roche?
Anthony Dalton Roche
When was the vocalist that took over Bruce Dickinson's position as the lead vocalist for Iron Maiden born? 
29 May 1963
Bedtime Stories stars an American talk show host who is known for portraying Andrea Marino in the first season of what show? 
Ghost Whisperer
Michael Lantieri was part of the group who destroyed the baseball that caused an incident at what stadium?
Wrigley Field
What is the name of Jefferson Davis's estate in Biloxi, Mississippi, where there is a Tomb of the Unknown Confederate Soldier?
Beauvoir
A waltz, is dance music in triple meter, often written in time, probably deriving from which German word, and is a folk dance in time which was popular in Austria, south Germany, German Switzerland, and Slovenia at the end of the 18th century?
Ländler
My Lucky Star, is a 2013 Chinese romantic adventure film directed by Dennie Gordon, the film serves as a prequel to which 2009 film, a Chinese-Korean film starring Zhang Ziyi?
Sophie's Revenge
José Benito Villafane was governor of a province in Argentina where which dinosaur was discovered ?
Riojasaurus
Who is the 43rd mayor of San Francisco and also appointed Jeff Sheehy to the Supervisorial District 8?
Ed Lee
Difficult People co-stars the comedian and actor of what nationality?
American
Frederick of Pettorano, was the eldest illegitimate son of Frederick II, king of Sicily and Germany, besides Frederick of Pettorano, Frederick II probably named two other sons after himself: another illegitimate son, Frederick of Antioch, and a legitimate son by his wife, Isabella of England, was Holy Roman Empress, Queen of the Germans, and Queen consort of which location?
Sicily
GURPS Banestorm and GURPS Infinite Worlds are setting sourcebooks and supplements for what edition of the GURPS Role-Playing Game?
the Fourth Edition
Where did the 14th century movement that studied classical antiquity and developed Renaissance Latin begin?
Italy
What country of origin does Blue in the Face and Roseanne Barr  have in common?
American
What television channel covers hearings staged in the Montana State Capitol where the Montana State Legislature is located? 
TVMT
Which sports agent represented a Seattle-born 5'9" guard who was the 21st pick in the 2005 NBA draft?
Aaron Goodwin
Which game was the finall All-Star game appearance of the Canadian hockey player nicknamed "Mr. Hockey"?
32nd National Hockey League All-Star Game
The niece of Mitt Romney is the current chair of the organization that organizes what convention?
Republican National Convention
Kim Ki-duk (born December 20, 1960) is a South Korean filmmaker noted for his idiosyncratic art-house cinematic works, major festival awards include Golden Lion at 69th Venice International Film Festival for "Pietà", Pietà is a South Korean film, in which year?
2012
Are both Gaspare Spontini and Arnold Schoenberg Austrian composers?
no
Which documentary film was released first, Streetwise or The Last Lions?
Streetwise
Are both Fort Wayne International Airport and Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport in Indiana?
no
What fourth tier English football league did a former team of János Kovács win a title in during the 2016-2017 season?
League Two
Seth Morgan was the fiancḗ of the rock singer who died at what age after a heroin overdose?
27
Ernest J. Schmidt (February 12, 1911 – September 6, 1986) was an American college basketball player born in Nashville, Kansas, he played college basketball for Kansas State Teachers College of Pittsburg in the early 1930s, Pittsburg State University PSU, is a public university with approximately 7,479 students, located in Pittsburg, Kansas in which country?
United States
Krzysztof Zimnoch holds a win over the boxer who has held the WBC heavyweight title since what year?
2015
Which British designer and publisher of tabletop and role-playing games coauthored Mutants in Orbit with Kevin Siembieda?
James Wallis
The 1934 Texas Tech Matadors represented the college in what city?
Lubbock, Texas
Which company did the self-traught illustrator of a children's book series, based on twelve-year-old orphaned twins who cause mischief and mayhem in their sickly sweet town, Nod's Limb, co-found?
Star Farm Productions
Which 2005 political thriller film is Fernando Meirelles as Best Director in
The Constant Gardener
Sarah Green starred in the 2014 film Noble and what Showtime and Sky series?
"Penny Dreadful"
What Irish word for the name of an island and a sovereign state is featured on Irish euro coins?
Éire
What day was the book published that was illustarted alongside Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz?
July 20, 1910
Who lived longer, Norman Foster or John H. Auer?
Norman Foster
Lutefisk often served at Svensk Hyllningsfest is native to what region?
Nordic countries
Alfonso "Poncho" Herrera starred in which American anthology horror drama television series that debuted on Fox on September 23, 2016?
The Exorcist
Which Lancashire river passes through the small town of Padiham and Burnley?
Calder
Omar Altimimi was convicted under the first of a number of general Terrorism Acts passed by the Parliament where?
United Kingdom
Charlia Brown is the lead character of a television special written with a popular Christmas song written by who?
Lee Mendelson and Vince Guaraldi
What founder of media-platform Complex was also the founder of billion-dollar global fashion company Ecko Unlimited?
Marc Louis "Eckō" Milecofsky
Mind of My Mind is by an American science fiction writer who won the Hugo and Nebula awards, and also received what fellowship?
MacArthur Fellowship
The sociology of literature studies the social production of literature and its social implications, a notable exampe is "Les Règles de L'Art: Genèse et Structure du Champ Littéraire" by a French sociologiest, anthropologist, philosopher and what?
public intellectual
Who is known by the most other names, Scott Sidney or John Dahl?
Scott Sidney
Drew Daywalt and Henry Kolker, are which nationality?
American
Which song appearing on an album with "Mountain Song" reached the top 10 on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks in 1988?
Jane Says
In which year did the club, that Andrea Palazzi joined as a 10 year old, debut in the top tier of Italian football ?
1909
What type of political leader does George Goschen, 1st Viscount Goschen and Lord Randolph Churchill have in common?
statesman
Columbus Drive is a north-south street in Chicago, Illinois, with a south end that is an interchange with Lake Shore Drive (US 41) at Soldier Field, which opened in 1924 and is the home field of what football team?
the Chicago Bears
The current star of Belarusian football that currently plays for BATE Borisov was born in what year?
1981
In addition to the Honorary President of the Institute for Jewish Policy Research, who else backs Viagogo?
Brent Hoberman
Who is the older brother of the fourth Iranian player to win the Asian Footballer of the Year?
Farshid Karimi
Who was involved in a 1941 musical and later married Judy Garland?
Vincente Minnelli
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, released in which year, is a Swedish drama thriller film based on the novel of the same name, directed by Niels Arden Oplev?
2009
Of Justine Henin and Virginia Ruano Pascual, which of the two was born first?
Virginia Ruano Pascual
The King who lead the Prussians in the Battle of Chotusitz was know to be the last what?
titled King in Prussia
The Main Western Railway located in Linden, New South Wales, runs through what area?
Blue Mountains, Central West, North West Slopes and the Far West regions
The Filmfare Best Music Album Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to the best composer/arranger of a soundtrack, Naushad Ali was the first recipient of this award for his song "Tu Ganga Ki Mauj" from which film, a dhrupad musician from medieval India, better known as what?
Baiju Bawra
Stay was a Sugarland song that reached #2 on the Hot Country Songs charts behind which 2007 Taylor Swift song?
Our Song
Which animated film has more films in the series, Metropia or McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten?
McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten
Martin Tritschler flew the flag of Mexico on the summit of this mountain, which is second most prominent volcanic peak after which mountain?
Africa's Mount Kilimanjaro
How large is the forest near the village of Cuddington?
972 ha
What date did Frank Grillo's Marvel supervillan first appear in comics?
October 1989
Kazuo Ishiguro and Samuel Beckett, were both in which occupation?
novelist
Which is farther north, Pawtucket Canal or Industrial Canal?
Pawtucket Canal
Were  Disney's The Kid the The Gnome-Mobile directed by different people?
yes
What number, representing a dimensionless quantity, is named after the winner of the 1983 Nobel Prize for Physics
Chandrasekhar number
What National Hockey League team plays at the area where the 2016 Back to the Future Hearts Tour ended?
Florida Panthers
Belinda Heggen worked as a general assignment reporter for an Australian tv station operated by what network?
Network Ten
 Fabrizio Ciano was the son of a foreign minister who left behind a diary that was used in an HBO documentry-drama entitled what?
Mussolini and I
What Harry Bates story inspired the screenplay writer of "The Last Caste" to write a 2008 remake?
Farewell to the Master
What position did Terrell Owens from T.O.'s Honey Toasted Oats play during his career?
wide receiver
Which American actor born in 1950 plays a supporting role in the movie Syriana?
William Hurt
How many houses are in the village which is a part of the Town of Smithtown?
15 houses
What is the name of the American Boxing and MMA trainer who founded Grudge Training Center in 2009?
Trevor Wittman
Why was O.J Mayo, named the Most Valuable Player at the 2007 Anaheim Classic dismissed from the NBA?
violating the league's anti-drug program
Which retired Major League Baseball player is also the brother of former American sports commentator Craig James?
Chris James
Sir David Mark Rylance Waters, is an English actor, theatre director, and playwright his film appearances include Prospero's Books a 1991 British avant-garde film adaptation of William Shakespeare's "The Tempest", written and directed by ?
Peter Greenaway
Are Ralph Saenz and Tom Chaplin both from England?
no
What happened to the airline charter based in Coral Gables, Florida?
subject to Chapter 7 liquidation
Hemi-Sync was founded by which radio broadcasting executive?
Robert Allan Monroe
What American actress known for her television role as Amanda Woodward on "Melrose Place" is starring in the 2007 American mystery thriller romantic drama television film Angels Fall? 
Heather Deen Locklear
Where was the person who voiced the English version of Keitarō Urashima born?
Inglewood, California
What American media franchise is centered on a series of monster films featuring Godzilla and King Kong?
MonsterVerse is an American media franchise
In which city is the Government Accountability Institute, known for their involvement with the books Clinton Cash, located?
Tallahassee, Florida
The Family Guy episode "Candy, Quahog Marshmallow" was written by a producer born in what year?
1977
 Harry Rimmer was part of a movement that began in what time frame?
late 19th and early 20th centuries
Which son of Sophia of Hanover ruled part of the Holy Roman Empire?
George I
What is the population of the satellite community to New Sweden ?
253
Which lyricist and composer created the music for the 2013 Bengali film Holud Pakhir Dana?
Surojit Chatterjee
Bolton Green is a village in a local government district the population of which at the 2011 census was what?
104,155
What county is Laurel Park in?
Prince George's County
The irish criminal uncle of Gareth Hutch was given what nickname by Veronica Guerin?
"The Monk"
Who wrote the 1971 drama which stars the winner of the 1997 BAFTA Fellowship?
Harold Pinter
The Tupolev ANT-37 design team operated under the guidance of a Soviet aerospace engineer who founded what?
Sukhoi Design Bureau
Gordon Ogilvie wrote his 1973 book over a farmer who pioneered in what field?
aviation
Which area is in opposite direction to the suburb of Adelaide which spans between the Prospect and the Port Adelaide Enfield?
Gepps Cross
The 2014 Dayton Flyers football team represented a university founded in what year?
1850
Speak Now and Fearless were released by what record company? 
Big Machine Records
This university in Logan, Utah is where democratic politician Dennis H. Black received both a bachelors and masters degree.
Utah State University
According to Jim is an American sitcom television series starring an American comic actor, voice actor, comedian, singer and what?
musician
What local government district based in Spalding, shares the Gedney Broadgate with the civil parish of Gedney?
South Holland
Mary Ochsenhirt Amdur studied the effects of which historic air inversion that killed 20 people?
1948 Donora smog
Who invented the AGA cooker and was instrumental to the success of AGA AB?
Gustaf Dalén
Susan May Pratt played the part of Mandella in a movie that came out in which year?
1999
How old was the wrestler in the double murder and suicide that took place while Vengeance: Night of Champions was happening?
40-year-old
Podalyria and Schwantesia are both a genus?
yes
Which writer is from a country closer to the United States of America, Halldór Laxness or A. A. Milne?
Halldór Kiljan Laxness
What two sitcoms included appearances from an English actress and comedian who also acted in Rush Hour?
"Hyperdrive" and "Not Going Out"
The third concert tour by Taylor Swift is based off what studio album?
Red
Which created more weapons, Exidy and Matra?
Matra
Who did camera work on the show that the Indian composer born on May 31, 1927 worked on?
Jehangir Chowdhury
Damn Yankees, a comedy inspired by works based on Faust, is based on what Douglass Wallop novel?
"The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant"
What city's suburbs was Julia Margaret Guerin Halloran Lavende born in?
Melbourne
How many BAFTA Awards nominations did actress who played the role of Donna in The Runaway Bride receive?
seven
In what state Comic-Con is held?
California
Are Orthrosanthus and Solandra members of the same family?
no
What date was Dorothy Bridges's grandson born?
November 13, 1973
Which American actress and musician appeared on the television series "Veronica Mars" and in the 2009 American drama film "Mississippi Damned?"
Tessa Thompson
What is the name of this pilot episode of an American animated sitcom created in 1992 for Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation, running from March 8,1993, to November 28, 1997?
Frog Baseball
The TT-30 pistol was developed in the early 1930's as a replacement to a revolver designed by who?
Léon Nagant
What actress earned a nomination to for an Academy Award for a movie directed by an American who also was known for, "hooper," tuesdays with morrie" and Truman?
Sissy Spacek
What American multi-instrumentalist, singer and songwriter from Palm Desert, California, released the series of compilation albums, N.O. Hits at All?
Nick Oliveri
Who wrote the introduction to the book Cleaver wrote in 1968?
Maxwell Geismar
What is the nationality of the actress who co-stars with Michiel Huisman in the film Irreplaceable You?
British
Which film was directed by this a French director in 2008?
Taken
Of  Center for Advanced Studies in Engineering and University of Idaho which, if either, is a public university?
University of Idaho
 Miss You is a track by UK rock band Feeder that received its first radio play as part of a segment by a music radio presenter who was named what at the 2007 Sony Radio Academy Awards?
Music Broadcaster of the Year
Which cooperative village Eshtaol Forest near 
Neve Shalom
Is the King Salmon Airport and the Homer Airport located in the same state of Alaska?
yes
The Wedding Present discography equalled a record for a run of top-30 singles by which artist known as the King of Rock and Roll?
Elvis Presley
Which movie - The Black Hole or A Goofy Movie - was released first?
The Black Hole
Lady Chatterley is a 2006 French drama film by who, the film is an adaptation of the novel "John Thomas and Lady Jane", an earlier version of "Lady Chatterley's Lover", by D. H. Lawrence, who was an English novelist, poet, playwright, essayist, literary critic and painter?
Pascale Ferran
Aislinn Claire Paul, is a Canadian actress, she currently stars in which Hulu series, an American television horror series, that premiered on October 10, 2016?
Freakish
What was the russian empire under during the Polish–Russian War of 1792?
Catherine the Great
The home of archeologist Frans Blom has a non-profit organization for people that live in what jungle?
Lacandon Jungle
Who provides the voice for "Chef" in the Comedy Central series "South Park" on the "Starvin Marvin" episode where Chef tries to get residents to fight back in a parody of the movie Braveheart?
soul singer Isaac Hayes
In which district was Møre Arbeiderblad published?
Sunnmøre
Nils Gaup and Mikio Naruse, are in which shared industry?
film
The venue for 2017 World Series of Poker is owned by which organization?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
What is the name of the daughter-in-law of Governor John L. Helm, who was also the sister-in-law of Abraham Lincoln?
Emilie Todd
"Beware My Love" from the 1976 album "Wings at the Speed of Sound" was credited to which artists?
Paul and Linda McCartney
Who was born first out of Vladimir Mayakovsky and Czesław Miłosz?
Vladimir Vladimirovich Mayakovsky
Hae Min Lee's body was found in a park that covers how many acres ?
1216 acre
The Wanderpreis Cup was contested by the football club that plays in what league?
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A
Which inventor shot a film that predates Workers leaving the lumiere factory?
Louis Le Prince
What band released an album in which its title is is related to a band in which Jeff Tweedy is the lead singer?
Golden Smog
Which film was made first King of the Grizzlies or Waking Sleeping Beauty?
King of the Grizzlies
What was the title of Kraftwerk's 9th album in 1986, featuring the number one single "Der Telefon-Anruf"?
Electric Café
Which genus has more species in it, Dipteronia or Syringa?
Syringa
Who is a producer for the movies that Batman: Bad Blood is a part of?
Bruce Timm
Charlie Kaufman wrote which acclaimed fantasy film in 1999 journeying into an actor's mind?
Being John Malkovich
What building is connected by tram to the Mirage and is owned by General Growth Properties Inc.?
Fashion Show Mall
Q: When was the school that Lionel Chok Ko Hon completed the Intensive Directing Workshop founded?
1831
Which sports announcer, who spent the last part of his career as a Chicago Cubs announcer, also owns a Chicago restaurant?
Harry Caray
What program based in Silver Spring, Maryland includes Coastal Carolina University?
National Sea Grant College Program
Juan Gualberto Gómez has ancestry that is traced to what continent?
West African
The private brewery Gaffel Becker & Co produces a beer brewed from mainly what?
Pilsener malt
The list of players who have played for the Princeton Rays includes what player nicknamed "The Perfect Storm"?
Carl Crawford
"The Last Resort," and "Life in the Fast Lane" appeared in what Album?
Hotel California
The Ingenues was what kind of band managed by an English textile designer, poet, novelist, translator, and socialist activist?
all-girl jazz band
What genre of film is Futtocks End where  Michael Hordern played role of butler?
British comedy
Which 2014 American comedy-drama co-produced by Theodore Melfi starring Melissa McCarthy is the American film producer Jenno Topping well-known for?
St. Vincent
Which American Athletic complex was renovated in 1997 and hosted several events during the Goodwill Games the follwing year?
Mitchel Athletic Complex
The Royal Banner of the Royal Arms of Scotland, commonly the Lion Rampant of Scotland, and historically as the Royal Standard of Scotland, is the Royal Banner of Scotland, and historically, the Royal Standard of the Kingdom of Scotland, historically used by the King of Scots, the banner differs from Scotland's national flag, the Saltire, in that its correct use is restricted by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland to only a few Great Officers of State who officially represent the Sovereign in Scotland, which is called what, and is the constitutional monarchy of the United Kingdom, its dependencies and its overseas territories?
monarchy of the United Kingdom
Both Olympia Entertainment and Joe Louis Arena are located in what city?
Detroit
What Russian film and theatre actor, director and producer was in a movie with Jude Law?
Grigoriy Eduardovich Dobrygin
What current world champion goes to an amateur boxing club that operates from a gym on the Lancaster West Estate that Olympic gold medalist who held the IBF super-middleweight title since 2015, having previously held the British super-middleweight title from 2010 to 2011, and the European super-middleweight title from 2011 to 2012 goes to as well?
George Groves
Who played Prince Charles in the 2006 British fictional drama film depicting the British Royal Family's response to the death of Diana?
Alex Jennings
Which institution in Singapore that was founded in 1905 appointed this researcher who was the James McGill Professor in the Department of East Asian Studies of McGill University?
National University of Singapore
Who was a religious and literary critic, Henry Roth or Christopher Hitchens?
Christopher Eric Hitchens
What year was Mike Cavan's successor born?
1955
The 2010 Washington Redskins season was the 78th season for the team in the National Football League (NFL), the Redskins obtained the 4th pick in the 2010 NFL Draft as a result of their 4–12 record from their previous season, which they used to draft Oklahoma tackle Trent Williams, an American football offensive tackle for the Washington Redskins, of which organization?
National Football League (NFL)
" A Night Out in London" is the fourth episode in which British coming of age sitcom starring Simon Bird?
"The Inbetweeners"
What is the name of the footballer who plays home games at Jamkraft Arena?
Darijan Bojanić
Who was the singer that is referred to as "The Queen of Christian Pop" and sang a duet with Peter Cetera on the song "The Next Time I Fall"?
Amy Grant
Which airport is located nearer to a major city, Albuquerque International Sunport or Barkley Regional Airport?
Albuquerque International Sunport
The song of Ojokojo Torunarigha plays for what Bundesliga team?
Hertha BSC
The town of Cardin, Oklahoma is located within the Tar Creed Superfund site causing toxic areas and therefore reducing the population to what number in November 2010?
zero
What song, on the album "Band of Brothers" by the choir Only Men Aloud! includes the name of a Yorkshire town?
Scarborough Fair
The KL-43 was paraded in front of cameras during what political scandal that occurred during the second term of the Reagan administration?
The Iran–Contra affair
Errol Morris and Bent Hamer both have what occupation?
film director
X Ambassadors and Sleigh Bells, are from which city?
New York
Who is the American Independent Baptist evangelist that led Billy Graham to Christ?
Mordecai F. Ham Jr.
Are both Nuruddin Farah and Rachel Carson Somali novelists?
no
which  American actor was Candace Kita  guest starred with 
Bill Murray
 Penelope Spheeris and Art Hindle are both directors, but only one of them is an actor. Which one? 
Arthur Hindle
What single by an Australian rock band was featured in an Australian paranormal television program which premiered on 9 July 2015, on ABC1?
Breakaway
Daniel Shaw is played by an actor who grew up in what state?
Iowa
What is the nationality of the soccer player who was the head coach of the under-21 football team that has been playing since 1976?
Danish
Who is the drummer of the band that released the song "Angels Fall"?
Jeremy Hummel
The armed uprising that took place when John P. Buchanan was governor took place primarily in what county in Tennessee?
Anderson County
The 1986–87 FC Bayern Munich season was the last under which German coach and TV pundit?
Udo Lattek
Instinct and Nexus, are which form of publication?
magazine
 What is the seventh studio album by Vektroid under the alias Macintosh Plus?
Floral Shoppe
What movie is discussed in both articles?
Scooby-Doo
When was the American hip hop recording artist which Hannah Lux Davis worked with born 
September 27, 1982
How did the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact impact the land of Tinutul Jiu?
ceased to exist
On what days is the magazine founded by a German man born in 1873 published?
Monday and Thursday
What Swiss financial company are the bankers for Shanta Gold?
UBS
Günter Meisner played Mr. Slugworth in the film based on the book written by whom?
Roald Dahl
When did the American comedy drama starring american actresses Kate Hudson, Hayden Panettiere, and Joan cusack released?\
2004
What character did Mark Bonnar play in a video game released on October 21, 2016?
Townsend
What is the name of the eighth gate to the city of Babylon, currently housed at Pergamon Museum?
Ishtar Gate
Which fruits/crops from Stephanandra and Coffea are valued more across the world?
Coffea
Takashi Miura is a former WBC Super featherweight Champion as well as what?
Japanese professional boxer
Which airport is further west, Dayton International Airport or Friday Harbor Airport?
Friday Harbor Airport
The college team that Rodney Dent played for has how many all time wins?
all-time wins (2,237)
Are Haibowan District and Bei'an both in China?
yes
Chip Zien had a role in the 2006 drama-thriller film directed by whom?
Paul Greengrass
Who was the daughter of Charles Lane's Fruitlands co-founder?
Louisa May Alcott
What Australian theatre and film actress and author starred in The Angel Who Pawned Her Harp?
Diane Cilento
Who was born earlier, Alfred E. Green or Chris Eyre?
Alfred E. Green
During the 1995-96 season, Sheffield United replaced Dave Bassett by the footballer who was of what nationality as manager?
English
What football coach from Temple University coached in the University of Pennsylvania's stadium?
Bobby Wallace
In what country are Doñana National Park and Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park located?
Spain
The Color of Love starred an actor best known for his role as Gunnery Sergeant Emil Foley in what 1982 film?
"An Officer and a Gentleman"
What  is a 2006 American supernatural horror thriller film written by J. S. Cardone that stars an actor best known for his work in films, such as "Battleship", "John Carter", "Savages" and "Lone Survivor" ?
The Covenant
What primarily competed with Nintendo 64 and Sega Staurn has a horror-themed adventure game published by Jaleco in 1999?
PlayStation
Which work by the brother of Tom and William Delafield Arnold was edited by Louise Manning Hodgkins?
Sohrab and Rustum
Which star of Psychomania  is an English actor who enjoyed a long career in the theatre, film and television?
Robert Hardy
Who played in more bands, Marty Raybon or Signe Toly Anderson?
Marty Raybon
Crowle, Lincolnshire is located on a canal that came into the control of what group in 1849?
River Don Navigation
What company realeased  the first studio album by Indie pop trio fronted by vocalist Landon Jacobs with instrumentalists Jason Suwito and Hayden Coplen accompanying him?
Interscope Records
In what year did the former quarterback honored at the last home regular season game of the 2016-17 Dallas Mavericks win the Walter Payton Award?
2002
What is the year of the event that occured first, Reihan Salam was born, or Fareed Zakaria was born?
1964
Of what origin was the director of security of Morgan Stanley in the film The Man Who Predicted 9/11?
British
Who killed the American outlaw that was gunned down in a house in St. Joseph, Missouri in 1882?
Robert Newton "Bob" Ford
Vera Manuel, was Secwepemc-Ktunaxa, daughter of cultural leader Marceline Paul and political leader George Manuel, Sr, the Ktunaxa, also known as Kutenai, and Kootenai,  are an indigenous people of North America, who historically occupied extensive territories in which region, present-day United States and British Columbia, Canada?
Pacific Northwest,
Who did the ninth overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft tie with during voting for the 2013 NBA All-Defensive Team?
Tyson Chandler
Which airport is farther away from it's respective city, Abilene Regional Airport or Erie International Airport?
Erie International Airport
Which former member of the Beatles wrote a song called "My Love"?
Paul McCartney
Gentleman's Intermission included a cameo appearance by the photojournalist who has specialized in reportage on what two topics?
human suffering in war zones and natural disasters
Hi Diddle Diddle is a play on the nursery rhyme of what origin?
English
Which of the following waterways, Central Arizona Project or Schuylkill Canal are inaccurately named?
Schuylkill Canal
what does Echosmith and Guster have in common?
band
Resistance stars an American actor and film director that was born on May 17 of what year?
1955
Squigglevision was from the animation studio that created what adult animated sitcom?
Home Movies
Which actor from "Sweeney Todd" and "Road Show" performed at the Jenny Wiley Theatre?
Michael Cerveris
Are both William Trevor and William Kent Krueger authors?
yes
] Prime House is a historic home located across the street from a Museum provides a dynamic schedule of changing exhibitions on what?
American art
Do both Sherman Alexie and Kyle Schickner promote sexual issues as the main theme in their works?
no
What genre of music is Primer 55?
American nu metal
The president of the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights from 1956 to 1969 helped who during the Civil Rights movement?
Martin Luther King Jr.
The composer of Allegro de concert was originally from which country?
Poland
What brothers of Samoan descent recorded an album that reached No. 1 in New Zealand and stayed there for 5 consecutive weeks?
Pene Pati and Amitai Pati
When did the raid Edward Henry Hobson is most known for take place?
June 11–July 26, 1863
What show that Tom Warburton worked on aired from September 3, 2010 to April 4, 2014?
Fish Hooks
What year was the decommissioning of the US Navy ship that Vice admiral William Edward Ellis received valor awards for his leadership on?
1974
 Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 crime thriller film with a roll by an actor named by CNN as one of what?
Asia's 25 Greatest Actors of All Time
Who directed the music video for Taylor Swift's song inspired by a narcissistic and cocky ex-boyfriend?
Trey Fanjoy
In which continent can you find both Witch-hazel and Cocculus?
North America
What arena hosted SummerSlam (2006) and opened in 1995
TD Garden
What year was the only permenant member of Pusifer born?
1964
Where was the Championships held in which Oscar Dansk was a starting goaltender?
Malmö, Sweden
Which magazine has more audience, The Friend or The Saturday Evening Post?
The Saturday Evening Post
Who is the american actress that plays the life of Melinda Gordon?
Jennifer Love Hewitt
Brian Griffin is a fictional character from the American animated television series "Family Guy", an anthropomorphic white dog voiced by which American actor, filmmaker, comedian, and singer, working primarily in animation and comedy, as well as live-action and other genres, and is the creator of the TV series, "The Orville" (2017–present)?
Seth MacFarlane
Which national team is currently managed by an Italian former professional football player and a world cup winning manager who was in charge of a Europe XI in a UEFA Celebration Match in 2007?
China
Which Canadian rock band is from Vancouver, The Golden Seals or Said the Whale?
Said the Whale
When was the American actress and singer-songwriter born who's album is Volume Two in collaboration with M. Ward?
January 17, 1980
guitarist Phil Boyd and drummer Paul Quattrone were students at a university founded in which year ?
1787
Ryan Stiles was a performer on the improvisational show that premiered on April 11, 2011 on what network?
Game Show Network
The Arnold Air Force Base was named for a man who died in what year?
1950
Cynthia Kirchner has had lingerie spreads for which Canadian fashion retailer?
La Senza
Crazy Love and Give Us Our Skeletons are from what film genre?
documentary
What city does the movie for which Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack for take place?
Chicago
Which magazine has headquarters in Denver, Colorado: Sports Illustrated or Viltis?
Viltis
California State University, Dominguez Hills and Ankara University, are which type of educational institutes?
public university
Which poet was from the US, Robert Creeley or Derek Walcott?
Robert Creeley
2005 a new version of "Zeven Dagen Lang" was recorded with one of the most well known rappers in the Netherlands who made a remix of what song in 2007?
Ghetto
When was the terrorist hostage-rescue mission took place based on which Raid on Entebbe was made?
4 July 1976
6th was a regiment at the battle that involved which deposed English king?
King James II
Which independent publisher founded in 1993 by Jeffrey Thomas publishes horror, science-fiction, and dark fantasy?
Necropolitan Press
Of the four public Elizabethan theatres built, including The Rose, which one was built in Shoreditch?
The Theatre
Where was the coach featured in "Without Limits" a coach in real life?
University of Oregon
Who hosts the animated game show in which Carter Hayden reprised his role?
Chudd Chudders
A person considered a religious successor to the Islamic prophet Muhammad (Muhammad ibn ʿAbdullāh) and a leader of the entire Muslim community would have used what financial institution?
Bayt al-mal
Where is the company that made Doom based?
Rockville, Maryland
When did the battle where George C. Kimble died take place?
February 23 – March 6, 1836
Maggie Grace, an American actress, appeared in  "Taken 2", a 2012 American action thriller film directed by who?
Olivier Megaton
Which astronaut was known as the first citizen of Italy to travel to space, Dirk Frimout or Franco Malerba?
Franco Egidio Malerba
"Saturno" is a song recorded by Spanish singer-songwriter Pablo Alborán and is the main theme of the Mexican telenovela based on the Argentine drama titled what?
Amar después de amar
Were Robert Coover and Rómulo Gallegos both American's?
no
In what year did The Hacienda open and release their first single "Go Exciting"? 
1982
What year was George Sellars fatally wounded at the Battle of Messines in West Flanders, Belgium?
1917
In what year was the guitarist born who released Dreaming No. 11?
1956
What was a previous unoffical name for the high performance variant of Audi's compact executive car?
Audi Ur-S4
Are both Paul Baloff and Nick Hexum American?
yes
Which student of Beverley Peck Johnson was born 1 February 1922?
Renata Tebaldi
Who was nicknamed Sergio, because his style was similar to someone who captains Real Madrid and the Spain national team?
Kalle Mäkinen
Where was the rock band that released "Miyako Hideaway" formed? 
Macclesfield, Cheshire
Which of the founders of the of the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research, also co-authored a book, that according to Ronald Numbers, elevated young earth creationism "to a position of fundamentalist orthodoxy." ?
Henry M. Morris
What state is the high school featured in "High School Confidential" in?
Kansas
Sense and Sensibility is a 1995 British-American period drama film directed by Ang Lee and based on Jane Austen's 1811 novel, which British actress and screenwriter, who wrote the script and stars as Elinor Dashwood?
Emma Thompson
Roy Galbriath Henderson taught what English contralto singer that died of cancer during the height of her career? 
Kathleen Mary Ferrier
Who is a former coach of a World No. 1 player, Elizabeth Smylie or Paul Annacone?
Paul Annacone
Discovery Communications owns Kanal 9 in Sweden and is based in what American state?
Maryland
What actor known for his role in "Doctor Who" also starred in "Death and the Compass"?
Christopher Eccleston
Are Romulea and Baikiaea in different plant families?
yes
To which radio station did radio broadcaster Sarah Cyzer promote Ill Behaviour?
BBC Radio 1
Which major awards did the author of the play Seven Guitars receive for his work ? 
two Pulitzer Prizes
Which is a capital city, Meixian District or Yinchuan?
Yinchuan
What British-Norwegian pop group that is a boy band did Paul Thomas Leo Marazzi, the British musician, found in 1998?
A1
John Peers and Jared Palmer, have which occupation in common?
professional tennis player
What position does the man who succeeded David Allison Dodge as Governor of the Bank of Canada now hold?
Governor of the Bank of England
What series starring Andrew Stahl aired on CBS from April 1994 to August 1995?
Christy
Where did the 2017 Gujarat Lions coach graduate from college?
St. Bede's College
Which science fiction novel was written by a Lithuanian-American science fiction author, editor, and critic
Michaelmas
What country are Baishan and Siping, Jilin provinces of
People's Republic of China
What type of media are both Air Buddies and Space Buddies?
film
The author of Eiger Dreams was part of an ill fated expedition to where?
Mount Everest
Which Detroit-based record label album was released in November 1996?
Infinite
Who coined the term Negawatt power and was one of the World's 100 most influential people in 2009? 
Amory Lovins
In which year was this American actor, screenwriter, producer and director of the family including a number of successful directors, screenwriters, comedians, and actors born?
1980
What is the botanical name of the fruit called nar in Serbian ?
Punica granatum,
Both Holingol and Sanshui District are locations in what country?
China
Which astronaut was born first Franco Malerba or Michael Foale?
Franco Egidio Malerba
What American drummer born in Louisvile, Kentucky was a member of the band Wild Horses?
James Kottak
Are Kalimeris and Podranea both genus of plants ?
yes
Which English singer and songwriter born in 1947 wrote the single "Danger" released in 1985?
Brian Johnson
Where was the Northern Pacific Depot built after the previous depot was destroyed in the 200000 acre fire on September 1, 1894?
Hinckley, Minnesota
Which state did Joe Biden represent in the Senate for 36 years before becoming Vice President in 2009?
Delaware
Jim Molinari is assistant coach for a team that has how many wins and losses?
1,370 wins and 1,218 losses
Have both Patterson Companies Inc & Marathon Petroleum Corporation been listed in Forbes magazine?
no
which English indie pop band has its member as part of the composer of  In Colour
xx
Simon West and Mike Figgis, share which occupation?
film director
Which clause of the United States constitution prohibits the 18th United States Secretary of Transortation from holding the office of President of the United States?
the natural born citizen clause
What  is the name of the house in Nuggehalli  Shivappa served?
Lok Sabha
The Stanley Park Aerodrome is now used as a zoo owned by who?
Parques Reunidos
Purina ONE is made by a company that is based where?
St. Louis, Missouri
What is the birthdate of this Hong Kong and American actor, film director, martial artist, martial arts instructor, philosopher and founder of the martial art Jeet Kine Do, who Danny Chan Kwok-kwan resembled? 
November 27, 1940
Which opened first The Psychiatric Institute of Washington or  St. Elizabeths Hospital?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
The top brand of beer in North Korea is brewed by which company ?
the state-owned Taedonggang Brewing Company
The South Side Writers Group was a circle of African-American writers and poets formed in the 1930s which included an an American journalist, poet, political and labor movement activist and what? 
businessman
Who was the manager for the midfielder and second most capped player in the history of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team, who won a Bundesliga title with an attacking lineup, which included strikers Edin Džeko and Grafite?
Felix Magath
How many people died in the famine that inspired the U.S. Commission on the Ukraine Famine?
7 million to 10 million
The Diocese of Syracuse is headquartered in what county?
Onondaga County
Submission stood next to a steel to a steel roller coaster located where?
Alton Towers in England
Although he was Northern-born, General William Miller led an army for the Confederate side, for which state?
Florida
François Civil is known for playing the role of Papilon in the American horror film written and directed by John Erick Dowdle and co-written by his brother Drew from what year?
2014
Horn is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of what and is also a northeast canton of Switzerland?
Thurgau
Your Cheatin' Heart was written and recorded by an American singer-songwriter who recorded 35 singles that reached the top 10 on what chart?
"Billboard" Country & Western Best Sellers chart
Barry Goldwater was accused of attempting to galvanize Southern and Western Republican support while neglecting the industrial northern states by a politician born in which year ?
1908
Who plays the fiddle for this country music group from Texas that has recorded seven studio albums and for whom George Ducas has wrote songs and hit singles?
Brady Black
Name the music director of the 1951 Hindi psychosocial melodrama film Jadoo whose lyrics were provided by the Indian Urdu poet Shakeel Badayuni?
Naushad
Canadian actor, director, producer, and musician starred in Street Kings with which other man?
Forest Whitaker
John Collison, is an Irish entrepreneur, and is best known for having co-founded Stripe, a US technology company operating in over how many countries, that allows both private individuals and businesses to accept payments over the Internet?
25
In the CBS television series about Daniel Boone, who founded the village of Boonesborough, Kentucky, when was the episodes aired?
September 12 to October 4, 1977
Which member of the girl-group TLC was born in Des Moines, Iowa and featured on Mack 10's fourth studio album Paper Route?
Tionne Tenese Watkins
Philosophy Bites is a podcast series featuring philosophers being interviewed for about 15–20 minutes on a specific topic, it has featured interviews with guests including Kwame Akroma-Ampim Kusi Anthony Appiah, born on which date?
May 8, 1954
What is the name of the home park of the baseball team Steve Lombardozzi Jr. plays second baseman and left fielder for?
Marlins Park
What private university in Georgia owns and operates a television station licensed to Warner Robins?
Mercer University
Mariana Kovacevic has treated which Dutch player who played defensive midfield for Galatasaray?
Nigel de Jong
Making Good Again is a novel in a genre whose films are exemplified by what director?
Alfred Hitchcock
Are Ray Ruffels and Hana Mandlíková both former tennis players?
yes
Old Slains Castle is a ruined castle near Collieston in Aberdeenshire, Scotland that is near another ruined castle called Slains Castle, also known as what?
New Slains Castle
Based on who's novel the 2006 British-American comedy-drama film was directed by Ridley Scott and featured the music of Goh Nakamura?
Peter Mayle
For how many terms was this Indiana State Senate senator and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Indiana elected in the Indiana State Senate after whom the Howard Park Historic District is named?
two terms
What was the name of the woman born in 1943 who had an affair with John F. Kennedy toward the end of his life?
Mimi Alford
Where is the producer of  a style of whisky developed and produced in Japan upon the opening of the country's first distillery, Yamazaki, headquartered at ?
Tokyo
What popular tv show from the 1980s is the actress who played Emma Ayers in th 2004 film strange fruit best known for?
The Jeffersons
Who is the father of the ballerina credited with being the first to truly dance en pointe?
Filippo Taglioni
Radial, Inc. provides order management, payment processing, order routing, fulfillment, and analytics services for an American video game, consumer electronics, and wireless services retailer operating how many retail stores?
7,117
Which American actor  was in Wise Guys and the Sopranos?
Frank Vincent
Which is a member of the Orchid family, Arachnis or Sumac?
Arachnis
who has the highest number of entertainment work Simon Wincer:or  Mickey Rooney: 
Mickey Rooney
Dil Aur Deewar, is a Bollywood film, released in which year,  produced by D. Ramanaidu on Vijaya & Suresh Productions, it has music composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal, a popular Indian composer duo, consisting of Laxmikant Shantaram Kudalkar (1937–1998) and Pyarelal Ramprasad Sharma?
1978
Who directed the film, in which Jérôme Kircher appeared in 2004
Jean-Pierre Jeunet
The Toronto Maple Leafs (officially the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club) are a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto, Ontario, The club is owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, Ltd, (MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto,Canada, in which province ?
Ontario
What infamous Mexican drug lord at one time headed both the Knights Templar Cartel and a cartel founded by Carlos Rosales Mendoza?
Nazario Moreno González
Are Dave Williams and Chris McCaughan both in the same band ?
no
Who wrote the play which  Carmen Tănase  in 
Albert Camus
Did Andrei Platonov or Alice Walker win more Pulitzer prizes?
Alice Malsenior Walker
Who directed the Walt Disney Television movie that John William Minton was a cast member of?
Michael Vejar
What was the name of the corrupt politician in the CBS series inspired by Moonrunners
Jefferson Davis "Boss" Hogg
What was the area known in Europe where the pirates were based in against whom Admiral of the Fleet Edward Russell has a operation as a captain in the Mediterranean?
Barbary Coast
How many times did this American actress and singer who appeared in 1982 action crime–drama film "Fighting Back" win a Grammy Award?
two-time
Which play, written by a professor of several universities including State University of New York at Buffalo and the State University of New York at Stony Brook, shared the title of Obie award for Distinguished play?
Dutchman
Our Shining Moment is a 1991 television family drama film directed by Mark Tinker and starring which American actress, born in 1947?
Cindy Pickett
The South Shield by-election in 2013 was triggered by the resignation of which British Labour Party politician? 
David Wright Miliband
What Barbadian singer recorded "Dancing in the Dark" and has a featured song on the original motion picture soundtrack album for "Home"?
Rihanna
Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International Airport and Billings Logan International Airport, have which mutual type of attribute?
International
Did Yukio Mishima and Noah Gordon have pen names?
no
Them Crooked Vultures and The Rockfords, are both bands for which music type?
rock
Coptic nationalism is a belief system of a group of people who inhabit which modern-day nation?
Egypt
In what year was the CEO of "Love Worth Finding" born?
1931
Are both Romeo and Juliet and Madama Butterfly operas?
no
Which genus has more species Ammi or Pachystachys?
Pachystachys
Markus Zusak is best known for his historical novel written in what year?
2005
If Gallu is a demon Lilu is what?
a spirit
Make America Psycho Again alludes to a campaign slogan that is similar to what other president?
President Ronald Reagan
Name the second world war trilogy written by the English writer, Evelyn Waugh, who is also known for his travel writings in the 1930s and a later travel book  called 'A Tourist in Africa' which appeared in 1960?
Sword of Honour
Which Martin Scorsese film did the actor, who starred alongside Joseph Cortese and Joe Pesci in The Death Collector, appear?
Raging Bull
What is detected by the HVA metabolite, produced by the organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families?
oxidative enzymes
What country does Mount Gannett and Henry Gannett have in common?
United States
What air line has a main hub in Zurich Airport and was known as Crossair?
Swiss International Air Lines
What Atlanta Georgia based alternative metal band has toured with Russian military style inspired Janus?
Sevendust
What singer that rose to prominence in the early 1980s sang "Jump to the Beat"?
Dannii Minogue
Barton McGuckin is regarded as what model in James Joyce's final story in the 1914 collection "Dubliners"?
Bartell D'Arcy
Are both Luca Parmitano and Bertalan Farkas Italian?
no
What musical band composed Chicken Fried and Whatever It Is? 
Zac Brown Band
Who directed the 1993 psychological romantic thriller starring a man who began his career playing a soldier in the Doordarshan series "Fauji"?
Yash Chopra
what does Kurt Sohn and Huntington High School have in common?
New York
The movie that featured Nooksack Falls in a hunting scene is set in what Pennsylvania town?
Clairton
What is the minimum advertised jackpot for this American lottery game offered by 44 states, one of which is Wisconsin, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands?
$40 million
Who was the former mistress of Henry VIII of England, who gave birth to Thomas Burgh, 3rd Baron Burgh? 
Elizabeth Blount
McDonald's was puchased by which businessman who joined the company as a franchise agent in 1955?
Raymond Albert "Ray" Kroc
What controversial scheme for a planned community was in Garden Island?
Multifunction Polis
Who directed a film that included an actress who was in "Lost"?
Matthew Leutwyler
Are both Genista and Cyathodes a genus withiin the same family?
no
What Album was circulated to all KFC's in Indonesia and where is KFC Headquartered? 
Timeless
What was the relationship between the two women who organized the car bombings of Old Bailey and Scotland Yard?
sister
St. John Emile Clavering Hankin was a playwright in the same league as which Irish author of more than 60 plays?
George Bernard Shaw
How many copies of the books by the author of The Leopard have sold worldwide?
30 million
What instrument was the musician behind the album "In San Francisco" a famous exponent of?
sitar
Which director is German, Donald Crombie or Peter Schamoni?
Peter Schamoni
What notable act did Jan van Hoof do during the Dutch resistance?
He is credited with disabling German explosives placed to destroy a vital bridge to delay allied liberation.
Which is older, 9 or The Velveteen Rabbit?
The Velveteen Rabbit
Which Canadian-born Australian politician filled the vacancy left by the retirement of the Australian former politician who served as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council between 1991 and 2011?
Walter "Walt" Secord
The short-lived prog rock band Qango featured a drummer more famous for his work with Emerson, Lake & Palmer and the Crazy World of Arthur Brown. Who is he?
Carl Palmer
Who hosted the reality talent competition for a musical based on a 1939 film?
Daryn Jones
Which dog is larger, the Alpine Mastiff or the Mountain Cur?
The Alpine Mastiff
The 1951 Belgian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 17 June 1951 at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps ,it's the highest class of single-seat auto racing, that is sanctioned by which organization with the acronym of FIA?
Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile
The Nightingale Islands are a group of three islands, part of the Tristan da Cunha territory, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha is a British Overseas Territory located in which location?
South Atlantic Ocean
Which Archbishop of Melbourne was accused of sexual abuse in the Southwell inquiry?
George Pell
Ulrich Walter and Mirosław Hermaszewski were both astronauts, which one was also a german physicist and engineer?
Ulrich
Mohan Sithara has had his music sung by the playback singer and vocalist of what nationality?
Indian
Which of the following is native to the east cost of Australia: Castanospermum or Gevuina?
Castanospermum
Which actress played Madame Pince in the film Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Sally Mortemore
 "Nirvana" is a 1995 new-age song used in  a 2004 British comedy-drama film adapted from a novel that was awarded what?
Carnegie Medal
In what county was Simon Wiggin Robinson born?
Belknap County
Who was born first, Jacques Offenbach or Gaetano Donizetti?
Domenico Gaetano Maria Donizetti
U.S. Route 58 ran only inside the commonwealth of Virginia, until the creation of the tunnel that carries U.S. Route 25E under Cumberland Gap National Historical Park near the intersection of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia, in what year?
1996
Sukran is a Tamil action film with the lead roll by an Indian film actor, playback singer and philanthropist who works in what?
the Tamil film industry
The Dummer's War was a series of battles fought between New England and which Algonquian-speaking nation of the Wabanaki Confederacy?
Maliseet
Which village, Schuylerville or Victory, is one of the smallest villages in New York?
Victory
What role did Danny Stanton have when he was a member of the Chicago Outfit?
mobster and labor union racketeer
What is the nationality of the person who won the National AFL Rising Star award in 2002?
Australian
Cypella and Deutzia, are types of plants?
yes
Will, an Indian of the Misquito tribe, is in a book second only in translations to what other book?
Bible
What constituency in North East Lincolnshire was mayored by Richard Barber in 1388?
Great Grimsby
What year was cinematographer, Bojan Bazelli's, movie starring Christopher Walden relaeased ? 
1990
What is the capital of the state where Daniel Goodenow served three one year terms in the House of Representatives?
Augusta
Where is Electric Six from?
Detroit
 Sophie Grégoire is married to what Canadian politician?
Justin Trudeau
Who is older, Nic Offer or Ronnie Dunn?
Ronnie Gene Dunn
Where was the singer who released the album Enamorada born ?
Veracruz, Mexico,
This album from 1988 and containing an Australian actor, musician, and presenter was nominated for what ARIA Award?
Best Children's Album
A Heldenbaritone is an opera singer, a German dramatic baritone, a voice type is a particular human singing voice identified as having certain qualities or characteristics of vocal range, vocal weight, tessitura, vocal timbre, and vocal transition points, are called what, such as breaks and lifts within the voice?
passaggio
Beauty and the Beast featured an actor who played what character in "Frozen?"
Olaf
Who directed the American crime thriller in which an award winning Australian actor starred in together with Michelle Rodriguez, Tony Shalhoub, Caitlin Gerard, and Sigourney Weaver?
Walter Hill
The Town of Hindmarsh was a local government area in South Australia from 1874 to 1993, encompassing on the inner north west Adelaide suburbs, including the Hindmarsh, an inner suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, located in which location?
City of Charles Sturt
What music video of the song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber starred Xenia Deli a Moldovan fashion model?
What Do You Mean?
Sahara Hotnights and Hurricane No. 1. are both what?
rock band
Which is a strategy game, Escape from Atlantis or ZÈRTZ?
ZÈRTZ
Are Call Me Lucky and In the Realm of the Hackers both American documentries?
no
What studio album ,released in 1970 by Dunhill Records, was made by a band formed in late 1967 in the city of Toronto?
Steppenwolf 7
What year was the society, which released the songbook in which "Carol of the Old Ones" was published, founded in Colorado?
1984
Along with the specialty retailer based in Baldwyn, Mississippi, what store was an anchor store for the Gateway Fashion Mall in Bismarck, North Dakota?
Sears
The South Fork Breitenbush River flows near the worker-owned co-op surrounded by what national landmark?
Willamette National Forest
Who wrote, directed, and starred in the films "Ted" (2012), its sequel "Ted 2", and revived "Family Guy" by writing the first episode of the fourth season after its cancellation in 2002?
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane
In which County is the city that the radio station WHP is licensed to serve ?
Dauphin County.
Which drink was sold first, Kinnie or Frijj?
Kinnie
What was the 2000 comedy that the actress from That Girl appeared on?
Playing Mona Lisa
What was the nickname of the family that owned Ashley Park around the turn of the 20th century?
Rothschilds of the East
The star of the sports film Crooked Arrows grew up in what state?
Iowa
which landmark built on the site of a former city gate that marked the start of the road from Berlin to the town of Brandenburg an der Havel, is Frederick William II of Prussia responsible for?
Brandenburg Gate
Which war as well as the Seven Years' Warwas this decisive battle part of that resulted in the The Miracle of the House of Brandenburg?
Third Silesian War
Monday Monday is a television comedy broadcast in what country?
Northern Ireland
Which College campus has more buildings, University of North Texas or Lawrence Technological University?
University of North Texas
The person Phil Keating covered the death of died on what date? 
February 8, 2007
What wife did George Harrison cheat on, who was also the first wife to Eric Clapton?
Pattie Boyd
Where did As I look ahead, I am filled with foreboding; like the Roman, I seem to see the River Tiber foaming with much blood""). come from?
from Powell's 1968 Rivers of Blood speech
Sung Joon is a South Korean actor and model, he also appeared in which 2013 horror omnibus film made up of four episodes by four South Korean directors?
Horror Stories 2
For which event is the MBE awarded English long-distance runner and former winner of the Antrim International Cross Country running event better known?  
Marathon
Longyan and Jurong, Jiangsu are both located in which country?
China
What is the theme of the pool at Disney's Value Resort that followed All-Star Movies, and All-Star Music?
baseball-themed
Which state was  the Army Airfield which  headquartered the 117th Air Control Squadron?
Georgia
The 1995 IBF World Championships were held in a city how far from Geneva?
62 km
Dee Brown and Howard Norman are both librarians, correct?
no
What film company made a movie about the 19th century folk hero that represented Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the Texas Revolution?
Disney
Kendall Coyne was recognized as the recipient of the NCAA Today's Top 10 Award, which featured this Dallas Cowboys quarterback, born in what year, as one of the ten finalists
1993
"The Forest" follows a young woman who travels to a forest on the northwestern flank of what mountain?
Mount Fuji
Who is the colleague of Ruth Benedict who is know for the development of the discipline of linguistics?
Edward Sapir
A British television dance contest has featured what Brazilian dancing style?
Samba
Disney Movies Anywhere is a digital film locker for Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and which American motion picture studio based at The Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California and is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, itself a wholly owned division of The Walt Disney Company, with film producer Kevin Feige serving as president?
Marvel Studios, LLC
Which film, directed by Jim Sheridan, centers on the life of a boxer and former Provisional IRA volunteer Danny Flynn, played by Daniel Day-Lewis, who is trying to "go straight" after his release from prison?
The Boxer
Meesaya Murukku, is a Indian Tamil-language romantic musical film, released in what year, directed in his directorial debut, by Adhi of Hiphop Tamizha, an Indian musical duo based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu?
2017
The Houston Ship Channel and the Corpus Christi Ship Channel are both located in what state?
Texas
Which graphic novel was illustrated by Bruce Jensen and is a story of a washed-up computer hacker?
Neuromancer
Are Joseph M. Newman and Shyam Benegal both film directors?
yes
Mariënhof is a defunct restaurant in what Netherland province?
Utrecht
What type of art started as a flip book in early times but has been used to make films such as "Life is Cool" in 2008?
Korean animation
Neighboring Rapid city is a memorial with a sculpture whose design was created by who?
Gutzon Borglum
Who is featured on the second single from the eleventh album by Gucci Mane?
Chris Brown
 "Everything to Lose" is a song released by a singer who attained international success with what album?
No Angel
Beautiful Losers and American Harmony are both what?
documentary
Lucozade and Floats, are types of drinks?
yes
Are Dome Mine and Jolly Jack's Lost Mine part of a Gold Rush legend?
yes
Two-man bobsleigh at the 1964 Winter Olympics took place on 31 January and 1 February at Bob und Rodelbahn Igls, Innsbruck, Austria, Innsbruck is the capital city of which city, in western Austria?
Tyrol
what family does the king who dissloved the Jordanian government in 2009 belong to?
Hashemite
Dogpatch USA was based on the comic strip that was distributed by which company?
United Feature Syndicate
Who is older, Julian Barnes or Arthur Koestler?
Arthur Koestler
Which actress was casted in both "Sex, Lies and Video Tapes" and "Michael" ?
Andie MacDowell
What does Varaz Samuelian and  Seth Rollins have in common?
American
Out of the two directors, Andrzej Bartkowiak and Hugh Schulze, who is also a cinematographer
Andrzej Bartkowiak
Who is the current major of the town the The 2009 Camping World Indy Grand Prix was held?
Samuel Schimizzi
Havnegade is a waterfront promenade in Copenhagen, which runs between Knippelsbro and the mouth of the Nyhavn canal, a 17th-century waterfront, canal and entertainment district in Copenhagen, in which country?
Denmark
Are both Diamond v. Chakrabarty and Gates v. Collier United States Supreme Court cases?
no
Muriel Ostrich was the face of a carbonated beverage meaning what?
"courage, daring, or spirit"
What type of occupation Johnny Joyce and Paul Simon and have in common?
musical career
What is the name of the Egyptian method actor regarded as one of the most influential and important actors of Egyptian cinema?
Zaki Rostom
What canton of Switzerland was the last to grant women the right to vote that is located near The Marwees?
Appenzell Innerrhoden
What was the Soviet designation for the class of destroyer that is complemented by the Udaloy-class destroyer?
Project 956 "Sarych" (Buzzard)
The 2011 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season, they were invited to which location, where they were defeated by Baylor, the 2011 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS ?
Alamo Bowl
Which company, Electronic Arts or CVS Health was founded first?
CVS Health
Is the song by Bukka White about a maximum or minimum prison?
maximum security prison
In what country can both Oplismenus and Aerangis.be found to be growing?
Africa
What type of animation was used in the show created by Arthur Rankin Jr. and an American director, producer, composer, lyricist, and author?
stop motion
Damien Starkey was represented by what music label?
Rockingchair Records
Which South Korean Singer is also an actress: Park Bom or Hahm Eun-jung?
Hahm Eun-jung
In what year was the star of Thieves, Melissa George, born?
6 August 1976
Aloma Wright made recurring appearances on what television series created by Bill Lawrence? 
Scrubs
Where is Tropicana Resort & Casino located?
Tropicana Resort & Casino in Las Vegas
Daniel John Ferguson Paton, was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for which professional football club in Aston, Birmingham, that plays in the Championship, the second level of English football?
Aston Villa Football Club
What was the alma mater of the Minnesota Vikings quarterback who replaced Donovan McNabb in the 2011 season?
Florida State University
FreeMIDI was a program made for the operating system developed by what company?
Apple Inc.
Koozå is a touring circus production by which Canadian entertainment company, and the largest theatrical producer in the world?
Cirque du Soleil
What type of studyn does Morton Gurtin and Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis have in common?
mathematical science
Who directed The Amazing Spiderman 2, worked on by Brit Cal McCrystal?
film was directed by Marc Webb
The Indian Air Force's rank structure is based on that of the Royal Air Force, the highest rank attainable in the Indian Air Force is Marshal of the Indian Air Force, conferred by the President of India, MIAF Arjan Singh is the only officer to have achieved this rank, he was an Indian Air Force marshal who served as Chief of the Air Staff from 1964, to which year?
1969
Heavy Metal 2000 is a follow-up to a film which was produced by what two people?
Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel
Watch Mr. Wizard was created by the host of programs dedicated to what educational fields?
science and technology
Favre Lake can be found in what corner of the state of Nevada?
the northeastern corner
Which educational organization did Amir Ullah Khan study at which is located in Anand in Gujarat, India?
Institute of Rural Management Anand
The father of Rose Wilder Lane lived in his boyhood home in what state? 
New York
Khalil Al Ghamdi, from a sovereign Arab state in Western Asia, is a referee for what sport?
football referee
Damernas Värld, a Swedish language magazine and The Lady's Realm, a British magazine both target which demographic as their key audience?
women
Diego Schwartzmann won the annual finals tournament in 2014, but failed to qualify to defend it in 2015, at which sport?
tennis
Kristofor Brown was the head writer of an MTV show created by who?
Mike Judge
Did Peterson's Magazine or Janus have a longer publication run?
Peterson's Magazine
What type of weapon did a British Royal Marine help a soldier and firearms expert create?
Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife
The Hungry Hustlerz: Starvation Is Motivation is the fifth studio album by a rapper that was nominated for a Grammy award in what year?
2002
"Lionhearted" is a song from an album released internationally under which record label ?
Virgin EMI Records
What year was Suspicious Partner actress Nam Hi-hyun born?
1995
Which genus has more known species, Podocarpus or Dipsacus?
Podocarpus
Elizabeth Christ Trump founded a real estate company with her son, who operated primarily in what city?
New York City
Christine Harper covered what company that is headquartered at 1585 Broadway?
Morgan Stanley
The 2013–14 Toronto Raptors season included a trade to the Sacramento Kings for the player of what nationality who played college for Maryland?
Venezuelan
The Masquerade is a mid-sized concert venue that is located in the lowest level of what shopping and entertainment district in the Five Points neighborhood of downtown Atlanta?
Underground Atlanta
What star of Silver River became a U.S. citizen in 1942?
Errol Leslie Flynn
Who was born first, John Wetton or Gackt?
John Kenneth Wetton
David Cross voiced Crane in which DreamWorks Animation franchise?
Kung Fu Panda
What Japanese light novel series adaption features the voice talents of Yūki Kaji as Issei Hyodo?
High School DxD
"Can You Feel My Heart" was one of the last songs believed to be performed by which feature guitarist in the band Bring Me the Horizon?
Jona Weinhofen
Which director is also a famous writer, Adrian Lyne or Walter Salles?
Adrian Lyne
George Conrades was CEO of the high-tech company in what Massachusetts city?
Cambridge
When was the actor who starred in The Finest Hours born?
1980
Punta Indio Naval Air Base is an airport operated by a naval aviation branch with how many operational commands?
four
The actor that played Spanky in the 1994 film "The Little Rascals" also stars with Jascha Washington and Marc Donato in a 2010 horror film written by who?
Jason Kabolati
Who was born first, Tom Noonan, or Kim Ki-duk?
Tom Noonan
The Foreigner universe is a fictional universe created by an author that has written approximately how many books?
60
Who released the 2010 computer-animated film that Kyle Balda worked on as an animator?
Universal Pictures
James Hillier had a role in Seasons 1 and 2 of the Netflix series created and written by whom?
Peter Morgan
The Northrop F-15 Reporter was based on a night fighter that included how many mounted M2 Browning machine guns?
four
What Canadian mixed martial artist who competed in the UFC also competed in the Maximum Fighting Championship in Edmonton, Alberta?
Ryan Jimmo
Are both Miguel Arteta and George Seaton a filmmaker?
yes
What nationality is the singer whose debut album is Dinner for One, World for Two ? 
Canadian
What is the original name of the wrestler who was featured in the Extreme Championship Wrestling that had won ECW Tag Team Champion?
Jonathan Rechner
Which part of Scotland had a famous historical battle and also has a fort that is a scheduled monument  
Kintyre, Scotland
What book written by Erika Mitchell was first published in April 2012?
Fifty Shades Freed
Today, Musti-Yuddha referes to a form of boxing from what city on the banks of the Ganges in Uttar Pradesh of North India?
Varanasi
Who was the founder of the British rock festival that featured "massive technological surveillance by police" in 2015?
Stuart Galbraith
What 2009 Danish Experimental horror film written and directed by Lars von Trier was the big winner at the 63rd Bodil Awards?
Antichrist
Exodus is an American thrash metal band formed in 1979 in Richmond, California, their current lineup, includes Gary Wayne Holt, an American guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area, and is also a guitarist for the American thrash metal band Slayer, in which he took over duties for original guitarist Jeff Hanneman, who died in which year?
2013
how is Grand Jamia Mosque, Lahore and Bahria Town connected?
Pakistan
Candice DeLong (born July 16, 1950) is a former FBI criminal profiler, she has often been compared to the protagonist of the movie "The Silence of the Lambs"  and "Hannibal", who is this fictional character who appears in the novels,by Thomas Harris?
Clarice M. Starling
What singer, with the birthname Ashutosh Ganguly Bengali, performed songs for the movie Polam Pol ?
Ash King
Ruth Williams Khama, Lady Khama, was the wife of the first President of Botswana, in office from 1966 to 1980, his name? 
Seretse Goitsebeng Maphiri Khama
Although has become less dominant in new buildings, what type of church building is The Church of Transfiguration in Ramallah?
basilica
Who directed the 2010 film that starred the actor that played the scientist Jake on the CW's "The 100"?
Chad Feehan
Let It Shine is a British reality television music competition to find young men to star in "The Band", a new stage musical featuring the songs of what, Amber Patrice Riley was the guest judge for the auditions, born February 15, 1986, is an American actress, singer and author?
Take That
Which genus, Callianthemum or Chamaemelum, is native to more continents?
Callianthemum
Which of these cases was decided earlier: Wesberry v. Sanders or Browder v. Gayle?
Browder v. Gayle
What was the other name of the crisis where Leland T Kennedy flew a Warning Star?
the October Crisis
Arch Hall (foaled 2001 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his three consecutive wins in the Sir Barton Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, he's owned and bred by Eugene Melnyk, a Ukrainian Canadian businessman who has since February 1991, has resided in which country?
Barbados
What plant genus grows in Doonan, Australia and is native to New South Wales?
Macadamia
The 1928 Winter Olympics replaced the multisport event that was sponsored by what country?
Sweden
What is the profession of the woman that was born in Japan but can only say one word in Japanese, meaning the Japanese preparation and serving of specially prepared combined with varied such as chiefly seafood (often uncooked), vegetables, and occasionally tropical fruits?
romance author
Friedrich Hund, creator of Hund's rule of maximum multiplicity, is known for his work on what?
known for his work on atoms and molecules.
Who is older, Cheick Oumar Sissoko or Robert Rodriguez?
Cheick Oumar Sissoko
Which board game was by Canadian company "PHI Sports Games" in 2007, GridIron Master or Timberland?
GridIron Master
What was the first album released by the same boy band that released Ex'Act?
XOXO
What album by American musician Prince was the first to feature his band The Revolution and had the contoversial song Darling Nikki which eventually led to the use of "Parental Advisory" stickers and imprints on album covers? 
Purple Rain
What is the name of the simple sugar with the molecular formula CHO that reduces bismuth oxynitrate to bismuth under alkaline conditions?
Glucose
How many languages have the books of the author of  "Theodore Boone: The Scandal" been translated into?
42
Are Kirsty MacColl and The Radio Dept. both based out of England?
no
Where did the label connected with the release of Radiohead's album "In Rainbows" gain attention after its release?
United States and Canada
Tell Me I'm Pretty is the fourth album by this band formed in what year
2006
The song "I am that man" was recorded by a country music duo founded in which year ?
1990
What was political office did Gaius Silius hold and was considered the highest elected political office of the Roman Republic?
consul
Pygmalion is a play named after a Greek mythological figure, by which Irish playwright, critic and polemicist whose influence on Western theatre, culture and politics extended from the 1880s to his death and beyond?
George Bernard Shaw
Are both Solandra and Petrophytum in a genus of plants in the rose family?
no
Günther Rall a German lieutenant-general was featured in an interview in the game Jane's WWII fighters, which was set during which American termed battle?
Battle of the Bulge
who was responsible for editing the "Modern Yiddish-English English-Yiddish Dictionary".?
Uriel Weinreich
What is the Sumerian name for the site which represented the seat of Nergal's worship?
Gudua
Which is an aquatic plant, Pontederia or Heuchera?
Pontederia
What irish singer-songwriter breeds cattle whose meat is known for its quality, and commands a high price?
Patrick Joseph Murrihy
What is the name of the 75 mile long string of islands including one that has a city population of 33,275?
outer barrier
In November 2006, Ivan Foster challenged a politician that was born in what year ?
1926
The Eternals are a fictional race of superhumans appearing in American comic books published by which organization, the original instigators of this process, the alien Celestials, intended the Eternals to be the defenders of Earth, which leads to the inevitability of war against their destructive counterparts, the Deviants?
Marvel Comics
Yes? No? is the debut extended play by  South Korean singer and member of what girl group?
miss A
Assassin's Creed is a 2016 American science fiction action adventure film based on the video game franchise of the same name, and starts Marion Cotillard, a French actress, singer-songwriter, musician, environmentalist and spokesperson for Greenpeace who achieved international fame with the film "La Vie en Rose" in what year?
2007
Where was the boxer that James Butler hit after a fight from?
Kingston, Jamaica
In which city is the brewery of this brand that funded the Canadian buddy comedy film "The Movie Out Here" located?
Creston, British Columbia
Jo Sung-hee (born February 3, 1979) is a South Korean film director, he directed which box office hit, a 2012 South Korean fantasy romance film in which a beautiful teenage girl (Park Bo-young) is sent to a country house for her health, where she befriends and attempts to civilize a feral boy she discovers on the grounds ?
A Werewolf Boy
What is the name of a National Preserve located in the Flint Hills region of Kansas and is home to a population of genetically pure American bison?
Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve
Who is older, Nick Cave or Elize Ryd?
Nick Cave
Which coach led the 1922 Texas Longhorns football team to a 7-2 record?
Berry M. Whitaker
What shoe manufacturer that opened its first retail store in 1982 was founded in the Danish city of Bredebro?
ECCO
Which game has been released in more versions, Mall Madness or Halma?
Mall Madness
Do Kitelife and The American Conservative publish articles on similar topics?
no
Martha Argerich invited which 12 year old French pianist to perform at the Pacific Music Festival in Japan marking the beginning of his career?
François-Xavier Poizat
Did Carroll Ballard or Richard Linklater receive an American film director award for Best Director and Best Picture?
Richard Stuart Linklater
Are both Calibanus and Euphorbia members of the Euphorbiaceae family?
no
Who was was a burgraviate of a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the Early Middle Ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806?
Burgraviate of Rheineck
Nova was a high-power laser built where?
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Which University of Cambridge Nobel Prize-winning English physiologist and biophysicist earned the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1963?
Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (22 November 191730 May 2012) was a Nobel Prize-winning English physiologist and biophysicist.
Are Roger Ebert and Anna Akhmatova both writers?
yes
Who founded the company for which Estocolmo was made?
Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph
In which country do Ulrike Ottinger and Helmut Käutner hail from?
Germany
Where was the writer of "Puttin' On the Ritz" born?
Imperial Russia
The song "Yodel It" is similar to which 2014 Taylor Swift song?
Shake It Off
What movie did English actor Alistair Petrie star in that also stars Chris Hemsworth?
Rush
Frank Moore was born in the county seat of what New Hampshire county?
Merrimack
Which university is older University of Southern Queensland or Arkansas State University?
Arkansas State University
What is the nationality of the current holder of the PFA Players' Player of the Year award?  
French
Olga Arefieva was the student of the singer who was best known for his rendition of what song?
Den Pobedy
What Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Fermanagh and South Tyrone was involved in the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal?
Arlene Foster
In what state did Rosetta Douglass' father escape from slavery?
Maryland
who directed a time travel drama?
Michael and Peter Spierig
Who was the director of the 1984 film starring Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair?
I. V. Sasi
What Hawaiian Christmas song written by an American composer who died in 1995, gets it's title from a Hawaiian phrase meaning 'Merry Christmas'?
Mele Kalikimaka
Who was the author of the novel which is referred to by Uncle Tom's Uncle?
Harriet Beecher Stowe
When was the Polish professional boxer over which Joe Smith Jr. rose to prominence in 2016 by scoring an upset knockout victory born? 
4 November 1987
Which band member of Dream Theater was named the second of the 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists in 2009?
John Petrucci
What is the former name of the city whose symbol is Cerro de la Campana?
Pitic
Who is this American singer-songwriter, record producer, disc jockey, activist, and actress who released in 2000 a song about a woman who is trying to begin a new relationship but has too much emotional "baggage"?
Erykah Badu
Memphis International Airport and Norfolk International Airport, are located in which country?
United States
Which mixed martial artist was represented by Marc Roberts?
Raymond Anthony "Ray" Mercer
The former bassist of what influential extreme metal band, also collaborated on the non-fiction book Only Death is Real?
Celtic Frost
Which season of Bolin began airing on Nickelodeon in the U.S. on June 27, 2014?
third season
What occupation did Raoul Walsh and Roy Rowland share?
film director
which American actress was the daughter of  Lipton
Kidada Ann Jones
Who did Mark Bomar play the role of in the game released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October 21, 2016
Townsend
Where both William S. Hart and Blake Edwards film screenwriters?
yes
Band of Brothers is a 2001 war drama starring Donnie wahlberg who plays First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton. Who are the executive producers for the series
Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks
Mikhail Kalashnikov developed the AK-47, which is what type of device?
assault rifle
Knight Move and Tetris, are which type of entertainment?
game
What four letter word is used for the achievement of the composer for D.A.R.Y.L.?
EGOT
in the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final, Spain defeated the Netherlands 1–0 with a goal from a player who was born in which year ?
1984
Invincible and National Treasure, are of which nationality?
American
What was Victor Banjo's position in the Nigerian Army at the beginning of the Nigeria/Biafra war?
Colonel
Were Christa Wolf and Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz both novelists?
yes
Baz's Culture Clash was a television series presented by which "50 Ways to Kill Your Mammy" radio and tv personality?
Bazil Ashmawy
The man best known for his three collaborations with director Michael Haneke in film follows an upper-class French couple who are terrorized by anonymous tapes was a what?
a French actor
Mount Rowe, elevation 1680 ft , is a mountain located north of Gunstock Mountain, Gunstock Mountain is the second highest peak in the Belknap Mountains of central New Hampshire with an elevation greater than how many feet ?
2240
What regional magazine, founded by publisher Jason Binn in 2001, has featured ANICHINI products?
Gotham
In Tetrabiblos, what does Hyleg mean?
hyleg is the Persian-Arabic term for the planet
Who with the birthday of October 3, 1978 was signed to Bayern before the start of the 114th season that the club claimed the Treble?
Claudio Pizarro
Which actor was born first, Herk Harvey or Jack Arnold?
Jack Arnold
When was the last film in the series "American Pie" released?
2012
 Pushing the Bear explores the lives of the Cherokee as they are forced to leave their land along what series carried out by various government authorities?
Trail of Tears
The actress who played Ying in the miniseries run, studied art and design at which university ?
the University of the Arts, London
Which band co-found by Michelle Phillips dissolved in the same decade as the release of her solo album Victim of Romance?
The Mamas & the Papas
What is the year of the event that occured first, all 3 protocols of the League of Nations were registered, or Engelbert Dollfuss was born?
1892
In what year did a micronation whose capital is Barringun, Queensland declare it's independence from Australia?
2013
Thomas Emil Homerin ) is an American scholar of religion who has published entries in a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia whose last print edition spanned 32 volumes and had how many pages?
32,640
What is the name of the broad expanse of flat land in the western United States and western Canada  where the species of plant called the Polygonum sawatchense of the buckwheat family be found?
The Great Plains
What upcoming film is based on a man who was awarded an Airman's Medal and a Purple Heart for his actions?
The 15:17 to Paris
Who founded the network on which Soupe Opera aired as part of Small World?
Betty Cohen
How high is the mount where the Sundha Mata temple is located?
The highest peak on the mountain is Guru Shikhar at 1722 m above sea level
In which strait did two cargo ships collide in an accident that postponed the election where Peter Francis Martin was elected by acclamation?
the Narrows
Beatles Forever was an unreleased song by which English rock band?
Electric Light Orchestra
When John Frusciante returned to play guitar for the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1998, and make the album Californication, who did he replace?
Dave Navarro
West Springfield is a suburb located on the west bank of a river that flows in which direction ?
southward
 The Simpson's episode first aired on November 1, 2000 was directed by who ?
Matthew Nastuk
Berlin Calling is a movie starring what multi-talented actor who was born in 1977?
Paul Kalkbrenner
Are Roswell International Air Center and Pago Pago International Airport both located in the mainland US?
no
In which United States Supreme Court case concerning the constitutionality of teaching creationism stated that Creationism is an inherently religious concept and that advocating it as correct or accurate in public-school curricula violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment
Edwards v. Aguillard
Which animated television series that Mark Risley is known for focuses on a group of toddlers?
Rugrats
When was the South Korean actress and photographer born who was star in both "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" (2002) and As One (2012)?
October 11, 1979
The former site of The New Frontier is currently owned by a company from which country?
Australia
Gary Garrison attended which public research university in California?
San Diego State University
Which of the football league with which Rinjala Raherinaivo plays is the third tier of the Swiss football league system?
Swiss Promotion League
What neighboring location near CityCentre was constructed in the early 1960s?
Memorial City Mall
Is the film Lascars or the film McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten from Hong Kong?
McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten
Are  Syagrus and Ammobium both perennials?
no
What do Ann Wilson and Keith Morris have in common?
American musician
The man that was awarded the Michael Faraday Prize in 2008 is currently a professor at what university?
University of Surrey
Stephen Chbosky screenwrote for the movie that starred the actor who made his debut in what 2008 film?
Afterschool
What magazine featuring artwork by Jacki Randall also shares the title with a book by Rosita Sweetman?
On Our Backs
What is the name of the retired Supreme Court Justice that Carlos Moreno was a leading candidate to replace?
David Souter
Fox is an unincorporated community in Carbon County, Montana, United States, Fox was an important stop on the Northern Pacific Railway to which city in and the county seat of Carbon County, Montana, United States?
Red Lodge
Medco Health Solutions, Inc. was an American Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) company which served more than 65 million people, before it was ultimately acquired by Express Scripts, in April of which year?
2012
Where are the Headquarters of the affiliates of St. Vincents Medical Center Southside located?
Edmundson, Missouri
Breaking Dawn is the fourth novel in The Twilight Saga, and follows the events of Bella and what telepathic vampire who falls in love with Bella Swan?
Edward Cullen
The National Muslim Council of Tanzania is well known as BAKWATA, what Bantu language is used to create this acronym?
Swahili
What nickname was shared by Patrick Cotter O'Brien and Charles Byrne?
Irish Giant
Liberty Heights (also known as Wakefield Street Tower, or 17 New Wakefield Street) is a skyscraper apartment building in Manchester, England, and is the third tallest building in Manchester after the Beetham Tower and CIS Tower, Beetham Tower, also known as the Hilton Tower, is a landmark 47-storey mixed use skyscraper in Manchester, in which country?
England
Who was born first Elmore Leonard or Nadine Gordimer ?
Nadine Gordimer
1717 Broadway and 252 East 57th Street, are located in which city?
New York City
When was the company, which Antonio Clarence Mobley produced for, founded?
1882
Are A Tiger Walks and Queen of Katwe both drama films ?
yes
Which Hospital, MedStar Washington Hospital Center or St. Elizabeths Hospital, has a school of nursing?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
What car was manufactured alongside The Silver Wraith at the Bentley Motors Limited plant in Cheshire, England?
Bentley Mark VI
In which film did the French actor Eriq Ebouaney appear that stars Rebecca Romijn and was screened at Cannes Film Festival in 2002?
Femme Fatale
What is the nationality of the narrator of A Quest for King Arthur?
English
Which radio-controlled car is powered by the simplest organic nitro compound?
Schumacher Menace GTR
Which 1942 comedy film about actors in Nazi-occupied Warsaw spawned a Broadway-bound play of the same name?
To Be or Not to Be
What state did Guy Morrison coach baseball in?
New Jersey
Friends with Kids is a 2011 American romantic comedy film written, produced, and directed by Jennifer Westfeldt, also stars in the film is Megan Denise Fox, an American actress and model, and began her acting career, in what year?
2001
What year did the hotel where Playboy Bunnies served food and drinks in Vernon Township, New Jersey officially open?
1972
Who was the manager for both the English professional football club based at the King Power Stadium in Leicester and the Football League for Bolton Wanderers? 
Thomas "Tom" Mather
What style of songs are Lana Del Rey's  "Born to Die" and "Video Games"?
pop ballad
The director of the tv film "The Comrades of Summer" got his first credit as an art director on what film?
"Dark Star"
Who used the imprint of Badger Books to publish books in a number of genres, including the genre that must have an emotionally satisfying and optimistic ending?
John Spencer & Co.
Who is an English singer and songwriter, who has been the leader, singer and most active songwriter of Strawbs since 1967, Terry Kath or Dave Cousins ?
Dave Cousins
What was the given name of the writer of the 1979 song Down in the Park ?
Gary Anthony James Webb
Both Asian Semi-longhair and Chantilly-Tiffany discusses about which animal?
cat
Where did the film take place in which Ron Smoorenburg made his film debut?
Hong Kong
What village is located in the capital and largest city in Bishkek?
Predtechenka
Which show was was worked on by Bob Camp & Lynne Naylo 
The Ren & Stimpy Show
Which French film was spoofed in My Big Fat Independent Movie?
Amélie
All That is Bitter Sweet stars which actress that was born April 9, 1984?
Linda Chung
What entertainment awards has the composer of the original music for the 1994 American comedy film "Greedy" won?
twelve BMI Awards.
The drummer of the band U2 stars with Juliette Binoche in a 2013 film directed by who?
Erik Poppe
the fictional character Lionel Hutz first appeared in a Simpson episode that originally aired in which year ?
1991
What Washington county did Alexander Vasilyevich Belyakov land in at the end of the first non-stop flight across the North Pole?
Clark County
The Ski Club of Australia is part of which Australian National Park and Reserve?
Australian Alps National Parks
Who is the current editor of the journal that where the state-universal coupled cluster (SUCC) method was first published?
Gordon W. F. Drake
What is a 2006 sports drama film directed by Danny Cannon and starring Kuno Becker as Santiago Muñez that is third in a serries, and the second in the series isfootball films directed by Danny Cannon, Jaume Collet-Serra and Andrew Morahan? 
Goal!
Which Scottish post-rock band was part of the label founded by Kenny Gates and Michael Lambot?
Mogwai
Who has more scope of profession, Rachel Carson or Graham Greene?
Rachel Louise Carson
Are Gary Fleder and Tim Robbins both actors?
no
Spin Star is a British television game show that was broadcast on ITV, and was hosted by who?
Bradley Walsh
How many volumes were released of the book in which Lisa is teaching Bart to read in The Simpson's episode "The Man in the Blue Flannel Pants?"
two
 "Hear Me Now" is a song recorded by a producer of electronic music from what city?
Goiânia
What type of animation are Garfield's Pet Force and Barbie and the Three Musketeers? 
direct-to-video animation
Niels Andreas Vibe (12 July 1759 – 9 September 1814) was a Norwegian military officer and civil and royal servant, he was a chamberlain to King Christian Frederick of Norway from 1814, Christian VIII, was the King of Denmark from 1839 to 1848 and, as Christian Frederick, King of Norway in what year?
1814
Which of the following wrote "Where the Wild Things Are": Maurice Sendak or Henri Michaux?
Maurice Bernard Sendak
Which film director is the owner of Lion Rock Productions, John Woo or Larisa Shepitko?
John Woo
Which American college and professional football player who held the franchise record in rushing before Barry Sanders passed him in 1992?
Billy Sims
Fred Chang is the founder, chairman, and CEO of an online computer hardware and software store based in what state?
California
What is the single largest church in the most religious part of the UK?
Catholic Church
Are Svetlana Kuznetsova and Alex O'Brien both retired?
no
What was the player number of the New York Islander's player who was named to the '100 Greatest NHL Players'?
22
"La Femme Accident" is a song by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark which like two of their previous singles references a heroine of France for her role during the Lancastrian phase of what war?
the Hundred Years' War
How many different bachelor's degrees are offered at the university where Sherwood Brown played basketball from 2009-2013?
56
What Brazilian racing driver died in an accident during the 48th season of FIA Formula One motor racing?
Ayrton Senna
Handwriting is the debut of the a band from where?
Louisville, Kentucky,
A Cross the Universe is an album by Justice, with the name of the album being a play on words of a Beatles song that was written by John Lennon, and credited to who?
Lennon–McCartney
What player born in 1974 played for the team that is the third most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes?
Chris Dean Carr
What year was the bass, vocals member of Four Lovers born? 
2000
What American composer wrote "Come to the Sunshine"
Van Dyke Parks
Assassination Vacation is a book by which American author, journalist, essayist, social commentator and actress, published in 2005, in which she travels around the United States researching the assassinations of U.S. Presidents?
Sarah Vowell
Are both  Carleton University and University of Kansas located in the United States?
no
The RITA Award was named for the first president of which group?
Romance Writers of America
Born in China is narrated by an American actor best known for his role on what show?
The Office
What Belgian professional footballer was treated by Serbian traditional healer, Mariana Kovacevic?
Vincent Kompany
What kind of aircraft are the Embraer E-Jet family and the EMbraer J-Jet E2 family?
narrow-body medium-range twin-engine jet airliners
Charles Halford was a main cast member on an American television series featuring a DC comics character that was cenceled after only one season due to what?
poor ratings
Which movie did Kirk Baxter win an acaemy award for that was subtitled "A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius, and Betrayal?"
The Social Network
What was the full name of the head coach for Boise State when they ranked 21st in their conference?
Ernest Duncan "Pokey" Allen, Jr.
Camp Lazlo was created by this American animator born where?
San Jose, California,
What date was the album which has the song "Picture to Burn" released?
October 24, 2006
What is the capacity of the arena at which Martin Mikkelsen's team plays?
10,700
Brian Worth was an English actor, known for a 1951 British fantasy drama film that is an adaptation of what?
Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol"
Why star of The Belle of New York Dies in August of 1981?
Vera-Ellen
Dekh Magar Pyaar Say starred the actress of what nationality?
Pakistani
Between Variety and Keyboard, which magazine covers broader topics?
Variety
Which building near Convention Center station used to be the home of the St. Louis Rams?
The Dome at America's Center
Who is older?
Jane Jacobs
Who is older, Adel Ferdosipour or Ali Daei?
Ali Daei
For how many Academy Awards was the actor who played William Benteen in an episode of the Twilight Zone, nominated ?
two
Slow jam is music with rhythm and blues and soul influences that Midnight Star featured in its string of hits in what decade?
1980s
Liars and Das Damen, have which mutual genre?
rock
What Cuban born wrestler competed in Triplemania in Mexico City in 1993?
Konnan
Which singer has released more solo albums, Robb Flynn or Mike Score?
Michael Gordon "Mike" Score
Mary Testa is a two-time Tony Award nominee for On the Town and what other musical?
"42nd Street"
What Ukrainian American actress starred in Love in the Time of Money 
Vera Farmiga
Mark Hunter and Jason Wade, are which nationality?
American
Which television series did the writer of "Business School" write for first, The Office or The Simpsons?
The Simpsons
Which film came first The Misadventures of Merlin Jones or Underdog?
The Misadventures of Merlin Jones
What Filmmaker is perhaps best known internationally for his performance as the lead villain in Bond film "Quantum of Solace", Ron Clements or Mathieu Amalric?
Mathieu Amalric
What is the birthname of the the commentator on Skip and Shannon: Undisputed who also did commentary on the show "First Take"?
John Edward Bayless II
The western boundary of Molendinar follows a national highway that is how long?
790 km
"Fashion Killa" is a song featured on an album released on what day ?
January 15, 2013
What is the name of one of the holiest places in India to Hindus that used to be accessible via the MG Ganga Kavery Express?
Rameswaram
Brooklyn Nine-Nine had a supporting cast that included which comedian and writer?
Chelsea Vanessa Peretti
What company was established in 1845 and was headed by Julian Roberts until October 2015?
Old Mutual
Which college did the safety most associated with a banned in 2005 NFL technique attend?
University of Oklahoma
What country are both Susworth and Scotter located within?
England
Augustana and Noori, have which genre in common?
rock
When was the person other than Caitríona Ruane and John O'Dowd who was followed by Peter Weir born?
23 May 1950
Fünf Minuten Amerika and Felix Salten both were creators of what media?
book
Who had a solo career, Paul Carrack of Charlotte Wessels?
Paul Carrack
In which year was this party created for which Annie Bell Robinson Devine was elected a state representative?
1964
Which women's magazine published by The Times Group organises the pageant which crowned Alamjeet Kaur Chauhan in 1978?
"Femina"
Bacon is a native of a city whose nickname is what?
Queen City of the Ozarks
What is the name of both an american physician and retired astronaut, who was staked by Margaret Mary "Peggy" Ray?
Story Musgrave
Which team that most recently played their home games in Central Broward Stadium did Jamaican footballer Shavar Thomas play for?
Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Did either Richard Curtis or George Pearson primarily work in France?
no
What years did Margrethe II of Denmark's mother rule as Queen of Denmark?
1947 until 1972
Ashland is a census-designated place and the location of a school that serves students from what?
Crow and Northern Cheyenne tribes
Joshua Wells House is located in what Suffolk county hamlet?
Cutchogue
In what year was the movie produced that stared Nancy Carroll and Frank Morgan, and was also directed by the person that directed Frankenstein, and Show Boat?
1933
Raymond Blanc OBE (born 19 November 1949) is a French chef, he is entirely self-taught, but has himself taught or employed other chefs including Marco Pierre White, is a British chef, restaurateur, and television personality from which city?
Leeds
What nationality is the transgender singer who performed the pop and R&B album Infinity?
Filipino
What is the middle name of the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court who John F. Duffy served as clerk?
Gregory
Sue Bennett College is located in what Kentucky county?
Laurel County
 The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a book by an author born in which year ?
1965
Cancer and The White Diamond, are of which genre?
documentary
What was the birthname of the man who sang "Ice Cream for Crow"?
Don Glen Vliet
In the Møde featured a guest appearance by the vocalist who founded what band in 2008?
One Day as a Lion
How many men were rescued in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in October 1918?
194
Monte Penoso is a mountain on Maio, Cape Verde which consists of how many volcanic islands?
10
Same Love, Same Rain, is an Argentine-American romantic comedy film, released in what year, and directed by Juan José Campanella, it stars Ricardo Darín, an Argentine actor, screenwriter and film director?
1999
What genre are both Point of Order and Vernon, Florida?
documentary
How many people was the subject of the film "Life and Death of a Serial Killer" convicted and sentenced for murdering?
six
Who is older, Robert Lindstedt or Piet Norval?
Pieter ("Piet") Norval
Who was the director of the 1987 American horror comedy film which was co-written by Scott Spiegel?
Sam Raimi
Yongguk, Himchan, Daehyun, Youngjae, Jongup, and Zelo have what Hit Single from B.A.P
"Young, Wild & Free"
What reporter hosted both Animal Planet Report and was a host on ESPN as well as a sports reporter?
Michelle Beadle
In 1969, The Hollies released an entire album of covers by what popular singer, known for songs like, "The Times They Are a-Changin'"?
Bob Dylan
What company, headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, was founded in Minneapolis in 1949?
Medtronic
Which battleship class had a lead ship that carried the first 14 in /45-caliber gun and was formed between 1908 and 1914?
The "New York" class of battleship
What year did Mark Holton star as Francis Buxton?
1985
Pursuit of Honor is a novel by Vince Flynn and the tenth novel in the series by who?
Mitch Rapp
Are Jackson Hole Airport and St. Mary's Airport in the same state?
no
Garry Elmendorf has done special effects for a 1997 American supernatural superhero horror film directed by whom?
Mark A.Z. Dippé
Dubhghall mac Suibhne was a prominent 13th-century noble, the Earl of Menteith also obtained Lochranza Castle, an L-plan tower house situated on a promontory in Lochranza, on the north of the Isle of Arran, in which country?
Scotland
Who orchestrated the score on the album that "Fathoms Below" was featured on?
Thomas Pasatieri
What Russian film and theater actor, and director was in a 2006 Russian gothic horror film directed by Oleg Fesenko?
Valery Valeryevich Nikolaev
What English television presenter originally hosted the British television and radio talent show Opportunity Knocks?
Hugh Hughes Green
Did F. Richard Jones and Rémi Lange have the same profession?
yes
In 1896, "If—", first published this year, a poem by British Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling, written in which year?
1895
Farrukh Saleem is an expert in which study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers?
Game theory
Which theater of the United States' War on Drugs inspired the film "El Infierno"?
The Mexican Drug War
 Andy Halls plays as a defender for a football team that plays at what stadium
Deva Stadium
What number season was the first for the Raide4rs without the commissioner of the AFL in 1966?
43rd
Where did the serial killer that the novel The Spider and the Fly was based on die? 
Wende Correctional Facility
To which professional American basketball team was a former Atlanta Hawks and Los Angeles Clippers player traded during a season for the Chicago Bulls in which they finished in last place in the Central Division?
New York Knicks
What Australian comedian and musician worked with Hamish Blake since 2003?
Andy Lee
Dreamslayer is a homage to a character created by whom?
Stan Lee and Steve Ditko
What is the birth date of the actor who played Dr. Loveless?
October 20, 1934
The Ring of Honor 13th Anniversary Show took place at a hotel and casino that is owned and operated by Boyd Gaming, and includes an arena that can be converted into what?
ice rink
What website dedicated to United States technology business news did John Battelle launch during the dot-com boom? 
The Industry Standard
The Jacob Straus House is a historic home open to visitors by one of the few surviving 19th-century what?
synagogues
Who played Katherine Johnson in Hidden Figures along with African American mathematician, Dorothy Vaughan?
Taraji P. Henson
Who now owns the company that was headed by Robert Leo "Bob" Hulseman until 2006?
Dart Container
In what year was the criminal Victor George Peirce's family's matriarch born in?
1935
Who purchased the team Michael Schumacher raced for in the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix in 2000?
Renault
The daily newspaper, laRegioneTicino is based in a city famous for its three castles that have been UNESCO World Heritage Sites since what year?
2000
Which star from The Ghazi Attack won the State Nandi Award for Best Special Effects in 2006?
Ramanaidu Daggubati
What country claims The Flårjuvnutane Peaks?
Norway
In which county are the headquarters of this company located that developed one of the world's first commercial jet airliners built by Alan Samuel Butler?
Hertfordshire
Where is the home owned by Viscount Ashbrook and his family that has St Mary's Chapel as its private chapel?
Arley, Cheshire, England
Jayantabhai Ki Luv Story is a remake of the 2010 film written and directed by whom?
Kim Kwang-sik
The Finals Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2014 NBA Finals was born in this year?
1991
What is the birthdate of this American comedian known for his nightclub performances in Las Vegas, who was featured in History of the World, Part I?
April 8, 1926
Which, Cadia or Colvillea,is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family?
Colvillea
What film marked the directorial debut of the director and screenwriter who wrote and directed the film "Monster" in 2014?
Spellbound
What is a club who's player wears Nike Hypervenom boots?
Leicester City
What sport does Rohan Bopanna and Cara Black have in common?
tennis
Church of St. Anthony of Padua, Istanbul and Galatasaray High School are both located where?
Turkey
What song does Ozzy refer to in his song "Dreamer"  that was written by John Lennon, that encourages a world at peace?
Imagine
What prize was won by the American economist whose life story is included in those in Radicals for Capitalism? 
Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences
Geoff Bell had a role in the 2005 British-American film about what subject?
football hooliganism
How many destinations are served by the airline that Indian merged into on 26 February 2011?
60 international destinations
What is the nationality of the singer of "Gonna Make You A Star?"
English
What is the name of the automotive nameplate used by Fuji Heavy Industries, whose name is derived from the Lexicon Branding?
Subaru Outback
What 19-year MLB veteran who was initially a shortstop was also featured as a cover athlete on the collectible card game MLB Showdown?
Chipper Jones
Tadpole is a 2002 American romantic comedy film directed by Gary Winick, it stars which American actress, singer and dancer?
Beatrice "Bebe" Neuwirth
Jon B. Perdue previously wrote for a channel commonly abbreviated to FNC - What was the full name of the channel? 
Fox News Channel
Are Andrew Vachss and Lorine Niedecker both poets?
no
Which mathematician, who was among many who proposed the SYZ conjecture, won the Fields medal in 1982?
Shing-Tung Yau
What state of Germany was the 2012–13 DFB-Pokal defending champions from?
North Rhine-Westphalia
Love in a Wood is a 1915 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey, the film is a contemporary-set version of the play "As You Like It", a pastoral comedy by who?
William Shakespeare
Which magazine covers a wider range of topics, Decibel or Paper?
Paper
who produced the modern bolt-action sniper rifle  which Steyr SSG 04 was the basis of 
Steyr Mannlicher
What is a classification scheme that assigns an animal and its reputed attributes to each year in a repeating 12-year cycle, which has the 2nd of the 12-year cycle of animals appear in it?
Chinese zodiac
Who was an american author and screenwriter who wrote Something Wicked This Way Comes?
Ray Bradbury
Willi Rinow attended the Humboldt University of Berlin, studying under professors that included what German theoretical physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918?
Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck
What is the location of the site of the upper school founded by James Pilkington? 
Rivington Lane in Rivington, Lancashire
Haroon Ismail, was born in Salisbury, now Harare, is the capital, and most populous city of which country?
Zimbabwe
Elizabeth McIngvale is the founder of Peace of Mind, a non-profit organization for people with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), she lives in Houston, Texas and is the daughter of area businessman James Franklin McIngvale, also known as who, is a businessman and philanthropist? 
Mattress Mack
The self-governing territorial overseas collectivity of France Julien Kang was born in had a population of what at the January 2011 census?
6,080
What is the birthdate of this English physicist who serves as professor of particle physics in the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Manchester and co-wrote the book Wonders of the Universe?
3 March 1968
When was the American mobster which chose Lexington Hotel as it primary residence born? 
January 17, 1899
What is the nationality of the winner of the 1982 Dutch Grand Prix
French
Gregg A. Sturdevant is a retired United States Marine Corps major general, from February 2012 to February 2013, he commanded the Marines' aviation wing at which 1,600 acre Afghan Armed Forces base in Helmand Province, Afghanistan?
Camp Leatherneck
Fangirl is a 2013 contemporary young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl's" publication follows Rowell's previous young adult novel published earlier in what year, "Eleanor & Park",the first young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell? 
2013
"Jesus or a Gun" is a single by a band formmed by Carl Bell and what bassist?
Jeff Abercrombie
What was the 2010 census city population of the city where Van Rensselaer Island is within?
9,392
What bird of the family Numididae is used to make the Côte d'Ivoire cuisine Kedjenou?
Guineafowl
Is a Sporting Lucas Terrier or a Barbet a larger breed of dog?
The barbet
Who directed the movie James Durham had a minor part in?
Jonas Elmer
What is the height of the town where Xenophon Stratigos died?
1560 m
What is the nickname for the founder of the independent semi-professional American football team J.P. Rooneys?
The Chief
Who was nominated for a Golden Globe for best performance by an actress for her portrayal as the main antagonist in the comedy adventure film 101 Dalmatians?  
Glenn Close
Virginia State Route 160 runs atop the highest mountain peak in Kentucky, which has what elevation level?
4145 ft
Which city has a city CDP of 1,679 from the 2010 census and is north of New York State Route 117's northern terminus interchange with the Saw Mill River Parkway?
Katonah
Did Anaïs Nin and Graham Swift originate from the same country?
no
James William Keenan was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for a team that joined the National League in what year?
1890
Maria Lourdes Aragon, is a Canadian singer of Filipino descent, she gained fame after a YouTube video of her performing which Lady Gaga song, and the lead single from her second studio album of the same name, went viral?
Born This Way
What dish do both Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti and the Pizza Factory both make?
Pizza
what role did  American actor, who also stars in Poor Paul play in Cheaper by the Dozen
Henry
When was the school that  Raoul Alexander Mulder is based in founded?
1853
During the 32nd season of the Utah Jazz franchise they traded an American professional basketball player who was a gold medal winner on what Summer Olympic team?
United States national team
Mullah Mohammad Rabbani Akhund, was one of the main leaders of the Taliban movement, he was second in power only to which supreme leader?
Mullah Mohammed Omar
What is the name of this American film and television actor born in 1974 who starred in "Mind Ripper?"
Giovanni Ribisi
 Great Conewago Presbyterian Church used as a Confederate Army hospital during a military invasion of Pennsylvania by the main Confederate army under who?
General Robert E. Lee
Halfdan Ragnarsson was a commander of a coalition of Norse warriors, originating from where?
Denmark
Rod Sterling narrated a series based on a book by what German author?
Erich von Däniken
Were either The Creatures or Soundgarden formed in the 1990's?
no
What nationality are the Johan Cruyff Shield and SBV Vitesses football clubs?
Dutch
Smoke Break was a song written by the singer-songwriter who received an Academy Award nomination for what 2011 song?
Coming Home
National Sports Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, The Naadam festival, which celebrates Mongolian independence, is held there every when? 
July
What type of sport did this musician play professionally for whom the American country music artist Toby Keith wrote a tribute to in his album American Ride?
basketball
What host of Going, Going, Gone became known for "It's a Knockout"?
Stuart Hall
The Estadio Nacional de Panamá is also named after a person who played which sport?
Baseball
In what year was the microbiologist who first developed the MMR vaccine born?
1919
Who has the highest scope of profession in Arthur Rosson or  Hall Bartlett
Hall Bartlett
What is the name of the band that features a person that has also worked with Talas, Steve Vai, David Lee Roth, Mr. Big and The Winery Dogs?
Niacin
The 21st Foyle Film Festival included the Northern Ireland premiere of a movie based on a novel by whom?
Evelyn Waugh
Fine Line Features marketed the 1991 film written and directed by whom?
Jim Jarmusch
In what country was Umoe founded?
Buskerud
The author of Method of Fluxions was born in what year?
1642
In which suburb is found the University where Naguib Kanawat teaches?
Macquarie Park
What award is issued by the Georgia Institute of Technology's previously known as Ivan Allen Jr. Prize for Progress & Service until 2010 which recognizes the late Ivan Allen Jr,. A Georgia Tech alumnus who became a pivotal leader during America's struggle for racial integration during the 1960s?
Ivan Allen Jr. Prize for Social Courage
601 Lobos is a squadron of the Portuguese Air Force that operates an aircraft that is easily distinguished by its distinctive tail stinger or "MAD Boom", used for what?
magnetic detection of submarines
Which city has a larger population, Ningbo or Huainan?
Ningbo
The entertainment channel ARY Zindagi is part of a network founded by what Pakistani businessman?
Haji Abdul Razzak Yaqoob
What medium of art is the "Night Crossing" and "Mars Needs Moms" presented in?
film
Sammy Winward plays Lisa Murdoch in a series first broadcast on what date?
28 April 2014
Who has more novel to be remembered for,  Henry Green or Richard Adams?
Richard George Adams
Which league has the Doncaster Rovers football club, featuring midfielder James Coppinger, been in since the 2016-17 season?
League One, the third tier of the English football league system,
Who is likely to have represented and advanced Armenian music more, Art Laboe or Konstantin Orbelyan?
Konstantin Aghaparoni Orbelyan
Which band formed first, Meat Puppets or Days of the New?
Meat Puppets
Are Francoa and Browallia in the same family?
no
What is the birth name of The actor who stars as Patrick "Lights" Leary in the drama series Lights out ?
Holt Quinn McAloney
The city of Telmessos was called Telebehi by what Iron Age people?
="Lycians">Lycians
Children's National Medical Center and Sibley Memorial Hospital, are both located in which US location?
Washington D.C.
Colin Campbell, 1st Baron Clyde commanded the first opium war and then commanded a war called?
Second Anglo-Sikh War
Which fortress that controlled the entranceway between Kattegat and Øresund was in "Hamlet"?
Kronborg
Were the TRS-80 Color Computer and CCE MC-1000 both home computers?
yes
Both Manny Coto and Béla Tarr are American director?
no
Coatbridge is a town in a country that has how many Islands ?
more than 790 islands
Which print outlet, "Wizard or Wizard" or "The Brown Spectator", is known as a student-run conservative political outlet?
The Brown Spectator
What was the occupation of the person whose first serious lover was Richard Chanlaire?
composer and pianist
Which Baroque composer was known for writing single movment sonatas? 
Domenico Scarlatti
Greg Hoffman was working on "Saw III," a 2006 American horror film, but was unable to finish his work on the film, which was directed by who?
Darren Lynn Bousman
Who publishes the magazine where The Lost Boy was first published?
the Hearst Corporation
Which town located in the county seat of Oktobbeha County Mississippi is the Cotton District located?
Starkville
The 2000 coach of the college team that plays home games at Floyd Casey Stadium is the current defensive coordinator for what team?
Auburn Tigers
When was the Canadian band formed who's single/EP is "Looking Glass"?
1999
Which actor who appeared in The Wesley's Mysterious File has performed in more than 160 films while maintaining a successful singing career?
Andy Lau
What is the name of a  kit violin and an opera?
L'Orfeo
Who is younger Paul Scholes or Legimin Raharjo ?
Legimin Raharjo
In between Istanbul Technical University and Pokhara University which one was established 1996?
Pokhara University
What athletic conference does the baseball team belong to who has Dr. Dennis DePerro as university president?
Atlantic 10 Conference
Who was born September 17, 1968 and wrote the memoir Wild was based on?
Cheryl Strayed
What was Johann Christian Dieterich's friend the first to hold a dedicated professorship in in Germany?
experimental physics
The Xanadu Beach Resort & Marina, also known as the Xanadu Princess Resort & Marina, is a resort and marina on the island of Grand Bahama in the Bahamas, built in 1968, the resort was purchased by who, which was an American businessman, investor, pilot, film director, and philanthropist, known during his lifetime as one of the most financially successful individuals in the world?
Howard Hughes
What is the name of the person that played for Manchester United and manager of English Premier League club Stoke City?
Mark Hughes
Which composer is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera: Gaetano Donizetti or Alessandro Scarlatti?
Pietro Alessandro Gaspare Scarlatti
 Imran Ali played one List-A level match at  which stadium, renovated for the 1996 Cricket World Cup?
Gaddafi Stadium
Are both Kleinia and Acaena inhabitants of the same continent?
no
Are both Huntleya and Cyrtostachys native to South America?
no
Are Shipping News and Gene both rock bands?
yes
Were Rowland Brown and Threes Anna involved in film?
yes
Tor Troéng is a retired  mixed martial artist previously fighting as a Middleweight for an organization based in what state? 
Nevada
My Chauffeur is a 1986 American comedy film produced by Crown International Pictures and Marimark Productions starring Howard Hesseman (born February 27, 1940) is an American actor best known for playing disc jockey Johnny Fever on which show?
WKRP in Cincinnati
Which documentary premiered later, Game Face or The Trials of Henry Kissinger?
Game Face
5 fold diffraction pattern symmetries were discovered in 1982 by dan shechtman when he discovered this phase which opened new field of study in quasiperiodic crystals
icosahedral phase
Before winning his first NBA championship with the warriors, who joined the All-Championship team after the 2003 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament?
David West
What Columbia University professor proved the Earle-Hamilton fixed-point theorem with Clifford Earle in 1968?
Richard S. Hamilton
Helter Skelter presented the firsthand account of the case of the murderer who was a part of whose "family"?
Charles Manson
Which film was created first, Fig Trees or Pond Hockey?
Pond Hockey
Where did the battle which ended the Peace of Vasvár take place?
Kahlenberg Mountain
What do Win Butler and Justin Timberlake have in common?
singer-songwriter
Who was President of the Jury for the Cannes Film Festival the year Until the Birds Return was screened?
Pedro Almodóvar
Eric Schultz is a senior advisor to former President Barack Obama and is the founder of Schultz Group, after which White House Deputy Press Secretary, replaced Jay Carney to become White House Press Secretary, Schultz was appointed White House Deputy Press Secretary?
Joshua Ryan Henry Earnest
Did Margaret Wilson receive the Pulitzer Prize more times than H. L. Davis?
no
Anton Janssen, is a retired Dutch footballer who played for PSV Eindhoven, the Philips Sport Vereniging, abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven ] is a sports club from Eindhoven, in which country?
Netherlands
 Julie Ganapathi is a 2003 Indian film adaptation of a 1987 psychological horror thriller novel nomiated for World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in what year?
1988
Are Dickie Peterson and Fher Olvera both musicians?
yes
What was the DJ that DJ Dazzle remixed on multiple occasions named by MixMag Magazine?
the Greatest DJ of All Time
Are the magazines Love it! and Naj published in the same country?
no
What outdoor 1972 sculpture is installed at the headquarters for the Royal Bank Canada?
Female Landscape
Out of Mind was the third single overall for Tove Lo, after which second song that was released on March 25, 2013?
Habits
Who proclaimed that the author of the play "The Twelve Months" was the founder of Russia's children's literature?
Maxim Gorky
The actress who played Monica and Ross Geller's cousin on "Friends" also appeared in a film that follows various beauty pageant contestants who die in what?
suspicious ways
Frankenstein's Monster is based on a character created by an English novelist born in what year?
1797
Karey Kirkpatrick (born December 14, 1964) is an American screenwriter and director, his films include which 2000 stop-motion animated comedy film, produced by the British studio Aardman Animations?
Chicken Run
Seventh Son, is a 2014 American 3D epic fantasy action film, directed by Sergei Bodrov and starring Benjamin Thomas Barnes, an English actor, known for his portrayal of who, in "The Chronicles of Narnia" film?
Caspian X
What was the nationality of the geophysicist and meteorologist who's theory of continental drift was supported by  Alexander Logie du Toit FRS?.
German
Which cast member played Kyle Reese and also played Pavel Chekov in three "Star Trek" films?
Anton Viktorovich Yelchin
What's the name of the famous opera written by Georges Bizet?
Carmen
Which was decided first, Katzenbach v. Morgan or Brown v. Board of Education?
Brown v. Board of Education
When the group who murdered Jaime Zapata form their own criminal organization?
February 2010
In which year the Manchester gangster Dominic Noonan born?
1964
Who is an American politician, a member of the Republican Party and represented Ohio's 8th district?
John Boehner
Which type of high quality white or blue-grey marble was used to create Réva statue?
Carrara marble
Who was a member of the alternative rock band Lush, Nell Sigland or Miki Berenyi?
Miki Eleonora Berenyi
The former National Basketball Association (NBA) player and current television analyst for CBS Sports with the initials GA played for a team in 1996-1997 that finished with what record?
14–68
Glenn Robert James umpired a game contested between the Carlton Football Club and Richmond Football Club which was attended by how many spectators?
107,536
What American photographer and photojournalist best known for his work for the Farm Security Administration is part of the " loosely defined group of photographers who lived and worked in New York City during the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s"?
Walker Evans
When was the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant who featured in Raavanan born 
1 November 1973
The comedy of intrigue, also known as the comedy of situation, is a genre of comedy in which dramatic action is prioritised over the development of character, complicated strategems and conspiracies drive the plot, and in theatre, which is a term that describes a comedy that aims at entertaining the audience through situations that are highly exaggerated, extravagant, and thus improbable?
farce
Nikko R/C includes licenses from the brand of trucks and SUVs first marketed in what year?
1992
Bernard Blancanshared the award for Best Actor at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival for his role in a film directed by who?
Rachid Bouchareb
Are Big Hero 6 and Summer Magic both films?
yes
What actor stared in the film "Heropanti" and originally stared off as a model?
Kriti Sanon
What was the name of the novel written by the first female Nobel Prize winner for Literature which was adapted into a film in 1930 and 1979?
Charlotte Löwensköld
which film was released first, Doug's 1st Movie or Fantasia?
Fantasia
What team played the 122nd season of Sooner football and played Auburn in the Sugar Bowl?
2016 Oklahoma Sooners football team
What game  is the sixth (and final) release in the "GIPF" project of six abstract strategy games, Niagara or PÜNCT?
PÜNCT
Hicks Island, is located north of a small city with what population as of the 2010 census?
200
What is the molecular formula of the chemical for which Nylander's test looks?
CHO
Which brawl was later in their respective years, the Knicks–Nuggets brawl, or the Pacers–Pistons brawl?
Knicks–Nuggets brawl
What Russian composer was notably conducted by Konstantin Saradzhev and received a lifetime pension in 1884?
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
The actress that played Jackie Clunes in the series "Hotel Babylon" was part of what short-lived pop duo?
Jackson Mendoza
Are both Tallahassee International Airport and Idaho Falls Regional Airport on the eastern part of the United States?
no
Which god of the grape harvest did a mythical Greek sailor transformed into a dolphin for attempting to abduct
Dionysus
What Canadian-American actor starred alongside Eve Gordon in 1997?
Rick Moranis
Are Iris and Clusia both flowering plants?
yes
The NFL Top 100 Players of 2013 was the third season of the series, it ended with reigning MVP Adrian Peterson being ranked which  #?
1
What kind of pilgrims gathered at the protest against Saifuddin Kitchlew's arrest
Baishakhi pilgrims
Yorkshire's oldest brewery owns a public house on which street in central london?
High Holborn
Disney Dreams! was conceived by the creator of which nighttime show at the Disneyland Resort?
World of Color
Dive bomb was a guitar technique used by the co-founder of Pantera, who also founded what band?
Damageplan
The Gospel According to the Other Mary, which premiered in 2012 at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles was composed by whom?
John Adams
The Girassol oil field was first discovered by which multinational oil and gas company?
BP
What state is to the west of the state Zephaniah Kidder was native to?
New Hampshire
What is the nationality of the author of Hero and Leander?
English
In what year did the band who did "How Far We've Come" form?
1995
Who was born earlier, Ezra Koenig or Tori Amos?
Tori Amos
Hijra Farsi (Urdu: ) is a secret language spoken by South-Asian hijra and which communities?
koti
What South East London-based post-punk/art rock group took their name from a American radical feminist that is best known for attempting to murder artist Andy Warhol?
S.C.U.M
American singer Beyoncé's live album Live at Wemble included a medley of songs with this group she formerly associated with that was formed in 1997 and launched into mainstream recognition in 1999?
Destiny's Child
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was made into an HBO movie by who?
Oprah Winfrey
Are San Angelo Regional Airport and Provincetown Municipal Airport both located in the US?
yes
The 2012 United States Senate election in Nevada ended in a narrow win for which incumbent Republican?
Dean Arthur Heller
Both Édouard Roger-Vasselin and Kimberly Po do what for a profession?
tennis player
The US state in which Elijah Cutler Behunin Cabin was built is bordered by which state to the east?
Colorado
What are the approvals to be taken to bury the bodies of several armed movemnts in ireland dedicated to Irish republicanism?
Frank Stagg
What district are the W New York Downtown Hotel and Residences and 70 Pine Street located in New York?
Financial District
Who directed the film in which American Businesswoman Edith Elizabeth Enke appeared alongside Doris Day and Rock Hudson?
Delbert Mann
In what year did Matt Lucas star in Alice Through the Looking Glass?
2010
In what hotel venue did Irina Antonenko compete for Miss Universe in 2010?
Mandalay Bay Events Center
Passenger Side is a drama film, released in which year, written and directed by Matthew Bissonnette, it stars Robin Tunney, known for her role as Teresa Lisbon in the television series "The Mentalist" (2008–2015)?
2009
What is the population of the sovereign state that Souleymane Dela Sacko plays in?
1.5 million people
Which Russian actress won a prize for her role as Chief Detective Maria Shvetsova? 
Anna Kovalchuk
What is a tree that could have been featured in the Indian film Poovarasam Peepee?
Thespesia populnea
What town, which is about 30 km south of Gulgong, is the center of the Mid-Western Regional Council local government area in New South Wales, Australia?
Mudgee
Ashes in the Snow is based on a novel that was nominated for what?
2012 CILIP Carnegie Medal
The 2009–10 DFB-Pokal season came to a close on 15 May 2010 when Bayern Munich played defending champions Werder Bremen at the Olympiastadion in Berlin, Bayern were also in line for "The Treble" but lost to Internazionale of Milan, 2-0 in the Champions League Final, was a football match played at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, home of Real Madrid, on Saturday, on which date?
22 May 2010
Which professional football player played for both IFK Hasselholm and Premier League club?
Peter Crouch
Kim Tae-kyun, is a South Korean film director, Kim wrote and directed "Volcano High", a South Korean martial arts action comedy film, released in what year?
2001
Who designed the theater that commissioned Benjamin Britten's opera?
Joseph Bové
Throughout her illustrious career, German chemist Lotte Loewe researched a variety of topics, from ascorbic acid reaction kinetics and uric acid to which organic pigments commonly made by plants, algae, bacteria and fungi?
tetraterpenoids
Which author spans more genres, Russell Hoban or Louise Erdrich?
Russell Conwell Hoban
Megan Leavey is a 2017 American biographical drama film, based on the true events about young female Marine Megan Leavey and a combat dog named Rex, it stars which American actress, born on February 27, 1983?
Kate Rooney Mara
Who sings lead vocals for the band who released the album, Of the Blue Color of the Sky?
Damian Kulash
What is the capital of the Indian state that includes the village of Bhando?
Chandigarh
Which American action police procedural television series was Peter M. Lenkov  notable work
Hawaii Five-0
Which genus has more species Tetradium or Schlumbergera?
Tetradium
Lucia Aniello is known for her work on what American comedy television series that stars Glazer and Abbi Jacobson?
Broad City
Laura García-Caro Lorenzo (born 16 April 1995) is a female racewalker from Spain, a sovereign state located on which location, in southwestern Europe, with two large archipelagos, and other various islands?
Iberian Peninsula
 "Invading My Mind" is a song recorded by an American entertainer who appeared as what on "In Living Color"?
Fly Girl dancer
The Gang that cooperated with the agency created in 1938 to investigate alleged disloyalty was a leading member of what committee?
American Jewish Committee
Which California university has more established relationships with Asian researchers, University of Southern California or Stanford University?
The University of Southern California
Thomas Starr (1813–1890) was a Cherokee in the American West, who was declared an outlaw by his tribe in an internal conflict over treaties with the United States government, he was the grandfather of Henry Starr, and father in-law to Belle Starr, through her marriage to Sam Starr, Myra Maybelle Shirley Reed Starr (February 5, 1848 – February 3, 1889), better known as Belle Starr, was a notorious American ?
outlaw
Which plant has more species, Epigaea or Aegopodium?
Aegopodium
Juwan Howard won his first championship in the finals that included the Miami Heat and what other team?
Oklahoma City Thunder
What international group in Karaganda and Almaty markets malt and non-alcoholic beverages?
Efes Beverage Group
What American actor was in both "Touched by an Angel" and "Jack's Place"?
John Dye
Which of Todd McMullen work is a 1996 American action film directed by John Woo?
Broken Arrow
Wawa Welcome America is a celebration that takes place at what East Coast chain of stores?
Wawa Inc.
The Brixton TopCats produced which professional player born on 16th of April 1985 ?
Luol Deng
The film that features the actress who played Preeti Sabarwal in "Shak De! India" also appeared in a 2013 film directed by?
Satish Rajwade
The animated star of Hot Cross Bunny was originally created in what year?
1940
What museum is now housed in the palace built by Nguyễn An and others in the 15th century?
Palace Museum
Who was born first out of Michael Cimino and Jonathan Glazer?
Michael Cimino
Who was the member of the Pixies who also was in the Toadies and Breeders?
Kim Deal
What was created from the Type 30 rifle for the Imperial Japanese Navy as a replacement for their aging Type 22 Murata rifles, with the date meaning the Meiji period according to the Gregorian calendar together with year designations stating the year of the reign of the current Emperor? 
Type 35 Rifle
The first wife of US President Ronald Reagan starred in a 1945 film directed by whom?
Billy Wilder
What is the networth of the CEO of the company that formerly owned the Omaha Sun newspaper?
$76.9 billion
Zavalz featured an American Grammy Award-winner who was born where?
Redwood City, California
What nationality were Ronald Reagan and Peggy Noonan?
American
Peter David Ebdon, is an English professional snooker player, he won in 2006, which professional men's ranking snooker tournament, known as the Betway UK Championship for sponsorship reasons?
UK Championship
When is the former American Football player and actor who starred in Avalanche Alley born ?
March 31, 1950
Who was the creator of the American comedy-drama television series in which the title track of Quantic Soul's "Pushin On" album is featured?
Tom Kapinos
Which canal is located in Nebraska, the Loup Canal or the Chenango Canal?
The Loup Canal
When was the film that is based on a novel by Sarah Blakley-Cartwright released?
2011
Propsper Pierre-Louis had paintings that depicted the spirits of what Haitian Vodou?
Loa
The 2014 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race was sponsored by a company founded by Alfred Davis and who?
Hans Wilsdorf
Two by-elections to the Swiss Federal Council were held in Switzerland on 22 September 2010, elected were who, which Swiss politician of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland who is a current member of the Swiss Federal Council, the federal government of Switzerland, and head of the Federal Department of Justice and Police (the Swiss justice minister)?
Simonetta Sommaruga
Livin' It is a film directed by what American actor who is known for appearing in Born on the Fourth of July, Posse, and Threesome?
Stephen Andrew Baldwin
Manmohini Zutshi Sahgal was a member of a family that has traditionally led what republic?
Republic of India
The film "Intermezzo" was produced by a man that won an Academy Award for Best Picture for what 1939 film?
"Gone with the Wind"
Opus Dei was the Laibach album that includes a song that has lyrics from the Churchill speech given to the House of Commons on what date?
4 June 1940
Who was the Scottish mathematician, physicist and astronomer who is credited for introducing "natural" logarithmic function?
John Napier
Union of the Democratic Forces opposed the general who created the entity known as the what republic?
Fifth Republic
Ben Kingsley won what award for his performance as a cousin of a furniture designer?
Screen Actors Guild Award
Are RC Cola and Limca both soft drinks?
yes
What is the 1995 comedy directed by Walter Hill that also had R.D. Call appear in?
Brewster's Millions
 Prince George William of Great Britain is the son of the King of Great Britain who started his reign on what date?
11 June 1727
Khet and Quarto, are games of what type?
board
7 Day Sunday, is a British comedy radio talk show, who joined regular guest, Andy Zaltzman?
Sarah Millican
The Pastel Journal and Rolling Stone, are which form of publication?
magazine
The winner of the 1979 BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress co-starred with Daniel Craig in a 2002 British tv drama directed by who?
Howard Davies
What six-time NBA All-Star was injured in the 2012–13 Oklahoma City Thunder season?
Russell Westbrook
Who is the first astronaut from Switzerland, Claude Nicollier or Charles Simonyi?
Claude Nicollier
What country of origin does Nora Grossman and The Imitation Game have in common?
American
What was the date that the person who revived the Order of Distinction in 1878 was deposed?
27 April 1909
Wu-Tang Forever serves as the follow up to the Wu-Tang Clan album released on what date?
November 9, 1993
What football club, known a Spurs, featured English player Paul Miller?
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club
What Japanese manga series was Karen Strassman a voice actress in?
Monster
What album was released by UMG Recordings and contains the single "Shades of Cool?"
Ultraviolence
 Junction Boulevard Line extends into an airport that covers how many acres ?
680 acre
Who has directed more film, Alan James or Lucile Hadžihalilović?
Alan James
The Independent School League includes Washington, D.C. and part of what states?
Maryland and Virginia, along with a small portion of West Virginia
Which player for the Minneapolis Lakers in 1947-48 was nicknamed Mr. Basketball?
George Mikan
What American composer wrote both "Rhapsody in Blue" and "An American in Paris"
George Gershwin
The winner of Most Popular New Female Talent in the Logie Awards of 2004 was born in what year ?
1985
 The Siege of Tyre was an assault by the founder of what?
Ayyubid dynasty
Tonight Looks Good on You is a song that was written by this artist born on April 29?
Ashley Gorley
Are both William Blake Herron and Lee Daniels Actors? 
no
What was the nationality of the WBA titleholder that Derrick Gainer lost to in a unanimous decision since his defeat to Juan Manuel Márquez?
Indonesian
What  organic compound made synthetically or obtained from corn mint, peppermint, or other mint oils is found in a product used to prevent infection of cuts, as well as to act as an astringent to reduce skin irritation?
Menthol
Guilermo Del Toro directed Doug Jones in a 1997 horror film based on whose short story?
Donald A. Wollheim
From what animated movie did a cast member from "Saturday Night Live" do the voice of a character named Donkey?
"Shrek"
what year did the Sampdoria home venue stadium open 
It opened in 1911
 John Gavin Malkovich appeared in Warm Bodies, a 2013 American paranormal romantic zombie comedy film based on whose novel of the same name?
Isaac Marion
 The Arbalète sauterelle type A allowed bombs to be thrown into trenches beginning what was called what?
Trench warfare
Which band has released more full-length albums, Idlewild or Pavement?
Pavement
In what American city is Terence Richard Knapp an Emeritus Professor of Theatre?
Honolulu
The Volkswagen New Compact Coupé uses how many distinct types of power to run?
uses two or more
Where does the South Korean-born actor from Mortal Engines currently live?
New York City
Do both Scott Treleaven and Raoul Peck make films? 
yes
 Guerra de Titanes was a  pay-per-view (PPV) event staring A.J. Styles that was about what sport?
wrestling
Who directed the 2015 film in which Alia Shawkat plays Gertie Michaels?
Todd Strauss-Schulson
Richard Donner and Percy Adlon, have which mutual occupations?
director and producer
Slave Ambient is the second studio album by American indie rock band The War on Drugs, released on August 16, 2011, on Secretly Canadian, recorded over three years, "Slave Ambient" is the final release to feature contributions from which founding guitarist, that's an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer?
Kurt Samuel Vile
The lineage of Aodh Mac Suibhne, aka Hugh McSweeney, Gallowglass of Clanricarde can be traced to the Norse-Gaelic clans of what country?  
Scotland
Doug Jones, is an American actor and former contortionist known for roles in the science fiction, fantasy, and horror genres, often wearing heavy makeup to play nonhuman characters, such as in Crimson Peak, released in which year, an American gothic romance film directed, co-produced and co-written by Guillermo del Toro, co-produced by Callum Greene?
2015
Brandywine Avenue School was a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County, New York, from 1975 to 1996, it housed Schenectady City School District administrative offices and records storage, the Schenectady City School District is a public city school district in the city of Schenectady in central Schenectady County, in which state?
New York
How many passenger service flights did the only other counterpart of the supersonic aircraft Concorde complete?
55
What flying ace was shot down by the "Red Barron" during WWII?
Lanoe Hawker
The person who broke Kubilay Türkyilmaz and Max Abegglen all-time joint leading goal scorer for the Swiss national team now coaches for which youth club?
FC Basel
Darrell Fetty is an American actor, screenwriter and Emmy-nominated producer for his work on the Hatfields & McCoys, a 2012 American three-part television miniseries based on the Hatfield–McCoy feud, produced by who?
History channel
The 2015 Kids' Choice Sports Awards was hosted by an American footbal quarterback who was born on November 29th of what year?
1988
What is the name of this American swing and jazz guitarist who was preceded by George Barnes in playing the first electric guitar?
Charlie Christian
Limited Edition is a 2002 album by the singer who is part of the genre coined by what music industry entrepreneur?
Kedar Massenburg
Who is this Italian racing driver that won a few grand prix winner and has driven Minardi M193?
Michele Alboreto
Yang Yun-ho, a South Korean film director, released a film in 2004, which was nominated for what in the following year?
Best Adapted Screenplay
What crime television show does actress Lauren Michael Holly from such films as Dumb and Dumber and Any Given Sunday star in?
NCIS
The Konzertstück in F minor for Piano and Orchestra, Op. 79, J. 282, was written by Carl Maria von Weber, and he started work on it in 1815, and completed it on the morning of the premiere of which opera, with spoken dialogue in three acts?
Der Freischütz
On which album did the song that Lightning debuted behind appear?
Talk That Talk
What is the stage name of the lead member of the group that released Tragic Serenades?
Tom G. Warrior
What position was played by the man who, along with Emmanuel Petit, was purchased by Joan Gaspart using funds taken from the sale of Luis Figo?
winger
Which city 10 miles south of downtown Minneapolis is home to a musician who wrote "Stand under None"?
Bloomington, Minnesota
Which band American alternative rock band originally from Houston, Texas, did Wideawake shared the stage with?
Blue October
Jennifer Ventimilia co-wrote the Simpsons episode that was the 22nd episode of which season
sixth
Anthony Hayes stared in which 2017 American war film?
War Machine
What TV show set in the fictional country town of Yoorana stars Hannah Monson?
Glitch
Are the English Cocker Spaniel and Jack Russell Terrier large dog breeds?
no
Which orchestra that Suzan Erens has recorded with had its first concert on  January 1, 1988?
Johann Strauss Orchestra
Who is the the actor who stars in the 2005 film Slingshot that also is a member of the band Ringside?
Balthazar Getty
 Siehe, es hat überwunden der Löwe was written by a composer of what nationality?
German
What is the name of this high-speed banked oval that this motor racing circuit in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, had where 2001 Calder Park V8 Supercar round took place?
Thunderdome
When Violet Wegner became HRH Princess Pierre of Montenegro, who was her sister-in-law?
Elena of Montenegro
Brenda Vélez (born March 23, 1979), is a Mexican Ballerina and Architect, best known for performing in Swan Lake, a ballet composed by who in 1875–76?
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Were Erich Fromm and R. S. Thomas both priests?
no
How many National Film Awards did the main actor in Awaargi win?
two National Film Awards
What Canadian regional airline based in Smithers, British Columbia did comedian Rick Mercer donate seats to Hope Air?
Central Mountain Air
What comic book artist created a comic on an ancient city in Mali?
Craig Clark
Craig Titley wrote for the 2002 comedy film based on the television series by what company?
Hanna-Barbera
Where was the main campus of university to which Excel Engineering College was affiliated located? 
Guindy, Chennai
What American cultural anthropologist earned her Ph.D. from Columbia University and completed a comparative study of tribal men and women on seven Pacific islands?
Margaret Mead
Are Gumball and Lostprophets both American bands?
no
What year was the university Leila Doolan went to founded?
1854
The actor who starred as Buck Dharma in the "More Cowbell" sketch on Saturday Night Live was born in what year?
1970
Is the University of Washington and Polytechnic University of Bari, both located in the USA?
no
What is the seating capacity of the stadium at which Dynamite!! USA was held?
93,607
Night Castle is the fifth rock opera by an American progressive rock band that was founded in 1993 by what producer?
Paul O'Neill
On October 15, 2012 Viktor Blom was signed-up by an online poker card room that opened in what year?
2004
Steven Paul appeared in the twentieth spy film in the James Bond series as the stunt double for which actor?
Pierce Brosnan
The author of Elizabeth McPherson series won an award for another book in 1995, what was the award?
Anthony Award
Which American artist's studios, known for New Mexico landscapes, is part of the National Trust for Historic Preservation?
Georgia Totto O'Keeffe
Craig Spence currently works at a univeristy that is attended by approximately how many full-time students?
2,300
Who was the father of the artist from a town and "comune" of Italy in the Province of Perugia in the Umbria region who learned to paint in the workshop of Cesare Nebbia, primarily moving between Orvieto and Rome ?
Fernando Sermei
The actress that plays Luna Lovegood in the "Harry Potter" films, stars with Michael Smiley in a 2015 Irish drama film directed by who?
Simon Fitzmaurice
What sport do both Isabel Letham and Duke Kahanamoku have in common?
surfing
What did the comedian who made Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening win an emmy for?
Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series
Kiliaen van Rensselaer, was a Dutch diamond and pearl merchant, who was instrumental in the establishment of the 17th century colonial province located where?
East Coast of North America
Between Croton and Neillia, which of these plants is named after an person?
Neillia
Which city has a population of 2,198 and is located 14 miles from Tippo, Mississippi?
Charleston
Are both Fast Company and The Fader magazines?
yes
What is the American sitcom created by Jeff Franklin and directed by Kathleen Garretson?
Fuller House
Which singer is from South Korea, Anette Olzon or Park Gyu-ri?
Park Gyu-ri
The 2010 Lars von Triers film that won awards for Best Danish Film, Best Actor, and Best Actress was filmed in which two countries?
Germany and Sweden
17 New Wakefield Street is the third tallest building in Manchester after what 47-storey mixed use skyscraper completed in 2006
Beetham Tower
How tall is the American retired professional basketball player who was a second year star of 1996–97 Toronto Raptors season and led the team averaging 20.2 points and 8.8 assists per game?
5 ft
The 2009 Hong Kong film Look for a Star was inspired by the lives of two people one of whom was born in 1921 and has what nickname?
The King of Gambling
Board of Education v. Earls and Illinois v. Gates, have a relationship to which mutual country?
United States
Are the Celilo Canal and Lake Worth Lagoon located in the same state?
no
What is the birthdate of this American actress, born in November 1977, whose younger brother Jake starred in October Sky?
November 16, 1977
What Frank Farian-created group released the single "Ma Baker" off their album "Love for Sale"?
Boney M.
What was James Harvey Tomb appointed as at the United States Merchant Marine Academy?
Superintendent
In which year did the singer known for her hit single "Come Back and Shake Me" release her sixth album?
1973
At what base does the organization commanded by Charles H. Corlett in the attack on Kiska in 1943 now exist? 
Joint Base Lewis-McChord
Tennessee Williams was one of the foremost American playwrights along with the creator of what 1953 work?
The Crucible
Jimmy Bryant provided the singing voice of Tony in an AMerican musical romantic drama that was directed by Robert Wise and who else?
Jerome Robbins
Did Henderson v. United States and Browder v. Gayle both discuss segregation and segregation laws?
yes
What type of media does TV Dinners and Mikey McCleary have in common?
films
Sofia Richie is an American fashion model, she has been featured in campaigns by a number of major brands including which American multinational corporation, that designs and manufactures upper market apparel for men, women and children?
Tommy Hilfiger
Archduchess Maria Annunciata of Austria's father was born on what date?
30 July 1833
The actress that played Lorelai Gilmore in the series "Gilmore Girls" also stars with Billy Bob Thorton in a 2003 film directed by who?
Terry Zwigoff
Who directed a 2011 American comedy-drama film in which Louisa Krause  appeared?
Jason Reitman
Who directed the sports film in which Choi Yoon-young played a part in?
Moon Hyun-sung
The album on which "Woman's World" is a song was released on what date?
September 20, 2013
What Malaysian-Austrlian screenwriter and producer, directed Dead Silence in 2007?
James Wan
Which of the army officer on which "The Man Who Predicted 9/11" programme is centered was born May 27, 1939?
Rick Rescorla
Who was the singer of She's Not Just a Pretty Face and Forever and for Always?
Shania Twain
Which English county is one of the home counties and the birthplace of Clive Needle?
Essex
What year was the player coached by Des McAleenan born?
1979
What is the nickname of Mary Austin Holley's cousin?
Father of Texas
The book The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck was written at which famous house?
Hill Top
who was an American politician and sponsored the proposed federal law? 
Kevin Yoder
Discover Cove is owned and operated by a family entertainment, amusement park, and attraction company that operates how many theme parks?
seven
What was Judas Priest's seventh album and produced by Gull Records?
Point of Entry
Attack!! is an album that included the keyboardist from which group from 1994-99?
Dream Theater
Who presented a talent show featuring the winner of the third series of "The X Factor" as a judge? 
Emma Willis and Melvin Odoom
What event are Kjellfred Weum and 110 metres hurdles both names synonymous with?
hurdling track and field event
Six chansons pour piano was by the composer who became a naturalized citizen of what country?
France
Which band has more members, The Charlatans or Shellac?
The Charlatans
What animal is the largest member of the oceanic dolphin family and famously watched in New Zealand, particularly around the areas of Kaikoura and the Hauraki Gulf?
Killer whales
Who is younger Stanley Kwan or Atom Egoyan?
Atom Egoyan
Do Andrew Stockdale and Bobby Tench have the same nationality ?
no
Are Tommy Karevik and Ben Gibbard both singers?
yes
Who graduated from the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world and went on to create a Boston based video game music project?
Shota Nakama
Adrián Barilari is the vocalist of the heavy metal band formed in what year?
1986
What Paris master's works were cited by an Italian Dominican friar and Doctor of the Church who died on 7 March 1274?
Adam Pulchrae Mulieris
What is the name of the professional poker player from Valley Stream, New York who won his first bracelet in the 2010 World Series of Poker?
Eric Buchman
Lynn D. Stewart opened the first Hooters in what Florida county?
Pinellas
In what year was the director of the music video, that was filmed on September 26–28, 2011, in the New Lodge area of Belfast and Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland, born?
1981
Machine Gun Blues is by an American punk rock band that was formed in 1978 in what California city?
Fullerton
Who recorded the song Islands?
"Islands" is a song recorded by English indie pop band The xx
Which best-selling singer and actress appeared in the 1995 movie Waiting To Exhale?
Whitney Houston
Which Chilean politician and businessman appointed Julio Ibarra as the Governor of Cardenal Caro Province?
Sebastián Piñera
Which of Patrick McDonnell's works features Earl, a dog?
the daily comic strip "Mutts"
Which American composer collaborated with Bobby Colomby on an album?
Terry Riley
What year did the actress, who also starred in the 2002 film Villa des Roses, appear in "Sense and Sensibility?"
1995
Which magazine first went into publication, Suitcase or Nova?
Nova
Feel Air was a Norwegian low-cost airline that had announced plans to operate intercontinental flights, services would be from Suvarnabhumi Airport in Bangkok, in which country?
Thailand
Candleshoe and The Rescuers, have which corporation in common?
Walt Disney Productions
Ustad Barkat Ali Khan was the younger brother of what Hindustani classical vocalist, from the Kasur Patiala Gharana?
Bade Ghulam Ali Khan
The Sturmgewehr 52 was heavily patterned after which selective-fire automatic rifle produced in Nazi Germany during World War II?
FG 42
When was the magazine which has Lisa Pin-Up ranked number 54, launched as a mass-market print publication?
1994
Are Stanka Gjurić and Stanley Kwan of the same nationality?
no
Was American Bellydancer or Dalai Lama Renaissance released first?
American Bellydancer
Woodmansie is located in a remote part of which heavily forested area of coastal plain stretching across more than seven counties of New Jersey?
Pine Barrens
When was the bombing for which The Balmoral Furniture Company bombing was thought to be a retaliation for?
4 December 1971
Who has spent more time working for Lucasfilm, Ltd., Mark Geragos or Howard Kazanjian?
Howard G. Kazanjian
Are The Cab and Zeeshan Zaidi are both from Las Vegas?
no
Which airport is in Alaska, Aberdeen Regional Airport or Ralph Wien Memorial Airport?
Ralph Wien Memorial Airport
what was the population of the Kansas city affected by the Tornado outbreak of June 13, 1998?
2,571
What fifth President of Iraq did Abdel-Karim Mahoud al-Mohammedawi lead the resistance against?
Saddam Hussein
Panjin and Echeng District are both located in which country?
China
Who wrote the Beatles' song that was covered during Dokken's performance for their "unplugged" album?
John Lennon
Which airline that has Chelyabinsk Airport as a secondary hub is based in Yekaterinburg, Russia?
Ural Airlines
KO Magazine and Pro Wrestling Illustrated, are located in which country?
United States
Stanley Atwood Boles was responsible for hiring an American college basketball coach enshrined where?
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
What is the birthday of the current rhythm guitarist of The Smashing Pumpkins?
February 4, 1974
What is another name for town?
Municipality
The Megacrania batesii insects live in plants that grow where?
coastal lowlands
The Auburn Tigers football team, plays their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium, in what largest city with a 2016 population of 63,118?
Auburn
In the 1977 European Cup Winners' Cup Final, what team played against the only team that has played in every season of the Bundesliga?
Anderlecht of Belgium
"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Duke Ellington and a musician that died in what year?
1983
The Mysterious Mr. Wong is a tongue-in-cheek 1934 mystery film starring Bela Lugosi as a powerful type of which fictional character introduced in a series of novels by British author Sax Rohmer during the first half of the twentieth century?
Fu Manchu
Are Stromanthe and Salvia in different plant families
yes
which competition did Ekaterina Vasilieva compete in pairs with the russian pair skater who teamed up with Yuko Kavaguti and win two-time European champions (2010, 2015), two-time World bronze medalists (2009, 2010), two-time ISU Grand Prix Final bronze medalists (11–12 and 15–16), and three-time Russian national champions (2008–2010) ?
2006 World Junior Championships
"Bank Account" is a song by a rapper born in which year ?
1992
Are Kangchenjunga and Trivor both mountains?
yes
What type of aircraft did the Italian engineer Enrico Forlanini work on that was an aerostat?
airship
Which county does the Baltimore & Annapolis Trai, that ends in Glen Burnie, Maryland, finish?
Anne Arundel County
Which movie staring Amy Adams earned Eric Heisserer a nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay?
Arrival
Who stayed in the Charles Walker House and invented the Confederate flag?
Nicola Marschall
How many miles away from Dallas is the village that the species depicted in the Pictish stone at Golspie originated from?
three miles
Where was the first store that the grandfather of Elinor S. Gimbel's husband located?
Vincennes, Indiana
Are Rajania and Rothmannia both types of plants?
yes
Are Jeff Lynne and Chantal Claret singers?
yes
Returning Home (Norwegian: Å vende tilbake ) is a 2015 Norwegian drama film directed by Henrik Martin Dahlsbakken,  It was one of three films shortlisted by Norway to be their submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards, but it lost out to which 2015 Norwegian catastrophe drama film, directed by Roar Uthaug?
The Wave
Poppy Computer was created by which Los Angeles YouTube personality?
Poppy
George Nolfi directed what science fiction thriller film that was produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and who?
Emily Blunt
The Outside Tour was a tour by a musician who was  inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in what year ?
1996
When was Lynne Ann Cheney's husband born? 
January 30, 1941
Who have more species of plants, Manettia or Guzmania?
Manettia
Are Hawthorne Heights and Black Light Burns both emo bands?
no
Who was caretaker manager before Neil Harris and is a northern Irish former professional footballer?
Steve Lomas
Do both Jack Finney and Thomas Keneally have the same nationality ? 
no
When was Justin Vincent the MVP of a collegiate championship game?
January 4, 2004
Which song, that Shelly Fabian of About.com ranked the song number 169 on her list of the Top 500 Country Music Songs, was John Bright Russell best known for?
"Act Naturally"
Jason Isaacs, who also starred in the Jackie Chan film The Tuxedo, played which character in the Harry Potter movies?
Lucius Malfoy
Chuck Chakrapani is a research methodologist, educator, author, expert witness, and magazine and journal editor, he is currently president of Leger Analytics, and holds several concurrent positions in different countries, including Ryerson University, a public research university in Toronto, Ontario in which country?
Canada
the maiden Briseis was captured by the Greeks in a war waged on which city ?
Troy
Which news host and former baseball player is currently on virtual channel 5 in Atlanta?
Ronald Edwin "Ron" Gant
Which band had more albums, Everclear or VHS or Beta?
Everclear
Who has more letters in their middle name out of Margaret Laurence and Paul Heyse?
Margaret Laurence
Which magazine was established first Golf Magazine or The Advocate ?
Golf Magazine
Which Swedish singer released Uncover outside of Europe and got a three-year contract with Epic Records in the United States?
Zara Larsson
What was founded in 1961 with a store in Jamestown, New York, and at its peak operated 138 stores in the Northeast and a region of the United States generally located between New England and the South Atlantic States ?
Jamesway
Which game can accommodate a greater number of players, Quarto or Mad Gab?
Mad Gab
Jörg Buttgereit and Mike Cahill, have which mutual occupations?
film director and screenwriter
In which suburb of Brisbane is the Stadium that held the first game of the 1978–79 Gillette Cup ?
Woolloongabba
Who played William Alexanders team in the rose bowl in 1929?
Roy "Wrong Way" Riegels
Gertrude "Bobby" Hullett was supposedly murdered by which British General Practitioner?
John Bodkin Adams
The former leader of the National Patriotic Front of Liberia Tom Woewiyu worked with this former former President of Liberia who resigned in which year? 
2003
What  American actress and philanthropist starred in  Silkwood with Cher and Kurt Russell?
Meryl Streep
What is the Spanish ballet dancer who starred in The Sandman the artistic director of?
the English National Ballet
What is the local goverment area for the city in which Melbourne Law School is located?
the City of Melbourne
Toon Disney Scandinavia is owned by a company founded in what year?
1923
Which breed of dog is from Scotland, the Pharaoh Hound or the Cairn Terrier?
Cairn Terrier
At what university in Georgia is Scott Lilienfeld a psychology professor?
Emory University
What summit was to be attended by the representatives of 3% of the world's area, 21% of the world's population and 3.8% of the global economy, as of 2015?
SAARC
Are Crepis and Rhubarb both plants?
yes
Sacramento Mather Airport is located on the site of a former air force base, located 12 mi east of Sacramento, on the south side of U.S. Route 50 in Sacramento County, California, which was closed in what year?
1993
Who is older, Henry Paul or Chris Barnes?
Henry Paul
Which show on Tiny TV aired on August 20, 2001?
Tiny TV
Where are the headquarters of the company that owns the Ardbeg Distillery ?
Paris
What American heavy metal band from Los Angeles has Greg Wells produced and written with?
Otep
VT-10 has a home base at which "Cradle of Naval Aviation"?
Naval Air Station Pensacola
What role in Who's the Boss? did the actor have, who played Ben Beniker in the film The Beniker Gang ?
Jonathan Bower
Who is the editor of the scientific journal published by the Acoustical Society of America?
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America
What kind of games are both Totopoly and Senet?
board game
In 2011 Caterham Cars was purchased by an entrepreneur born in what year?
1964
Where is the group Suzie McNeil performed alongside at the halftime show during the 96th Grey Cup from?
Delta, British Columbia
In Dreams from My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception, the person who is presented as Barack Obama's biological father is born on what date?
December 31, 1905
Taylor Swift's song Out of the Woods is the 4th track after her song Style, which was the third track after which other single?
Blank Space
What series did Tyler Ross appear in that premiered on CBS on March 1, 2015?
Battle Creek
During what athletics events in August 2004 were marathons ran from the site of the battle of Marathon in 490 BC to the Kallimarmaro Stadium?
2004 Summer Olympics
When was Commissioner of Epic Poker League born?
September 13, 1965
Who was the Republican member representing the state's 32nd district, including headquarters of the United States Pacific Fleet, from 2003 to 2011?
Lynn G. Berbano Finnegan
Which COO of MGM Resorts oversees operations at New York-New York Hotel and Casino located on the Las Vegas Strip?
Corey Sanders
Verse Simmonds worked with Rihanna on a song which was included in which of her studio albums?
Loud
What movie, based on the novel by Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay was directed by Nitin Chandrakant Desai?
Devdas
What type of genes does the Australian Stumpy Tail Cattle Dog have with respect to its tail?
dominant or recessive.
What town in West Lancashire England famous for it Gingerbread can be accessed by rail from St Helens?
Ormskirk
Who was born in England and narrated The Eagle Huntress?
Daisy Ridley
Boothby Graffoe In No Particular Order starred the comedian of what nationality?
English
William Frederick Truax, is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL) from 1964 to 1973 for the Los Angeles Rams and the Dallas Cowboys, following the 1970 NFL season, Truax was traded by the Rams to the Cowboys for wide receiver Lance Rentzel, a former American football flanker, in which organization?
National Football League (NFL)
What postal area located in Oakmont, Maryland name means  "House of Mercy"  in Arabic and "House of Kindness" in Hebrew?
Bethesda, Maryland
What band released a studio album in 1974 and a compilation album in 1993?
Judas Priest
Who is the twin brother of the basketball players that the Washington Bullets traded tot he Portland trail Blazers in 1993?
Horace Grant
Blueberry, is a French acid western, released in what year, directed by Jan Kounen, the film starred Vincent Cassel as the title character along with Michael Søren Madsen, an American actor, producer, director, writer, poet and photographer?
2004
Who most recently won the Nobel Prize for Literature, Jacinto Benavente y Martínez or Rohinton Mistry?
Rohinton Mistry
Are St Chad's Cathedral, Birmingham and Exeter Cathedral both located in England?
yes
What German ace-of-aces was shot down by Cedric Bassett Popkin during World War 1?
Manfred von Richthofen
What songwriter of Maybelline did Alan Reeves appear with?
Chuck Berry
Is Sir Gawain and the Green Knight an Opera buffa?
no
René Clément and Tim Roth, have which mutual occupation?
director
The Microsoft Java Virtual Machine was first made available for a web browser released in what year?
1996
What type of government position does and have in common?
president
Who was part of a band with a shorter name, Andrew Stockdale or Faye?
Faye
Which board game is the most modern, Carcassonne or Ashta Chamma?
Carcassonne
What was the name of the contraversial episode with racial overtones that aired as part of the American television anthology series created by Rod Serling?
The Encounter
What was the population at the 2010 census of the city that has an 18-hole championship golf course founded by the George Bryan family?
11,307
Flipside Tactics is an e-sports team that plays what Ubisoft tactical shooter?
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege
CeeLo Green and Han Seung-yeon are both what?
singer
Rachid Belkacem a Dutch national, was a friend of Mohammed Bouyeri, a Moroccan-Dutch Islamic terrorist and convicted murderer who is serving a life sentence without parole for the assassination of what Dutch film director?
Theo van Gogh
Tybalt is the main antagonist and rival of the son of Montague that secretly loves and marries who?
Juliet
Which university is a public university, King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang or University at Buffalo?
University of Buffalo
When was the helmet, that the M63 replaced, patented ?
1915
The Coleman Medal is named after Australian rules football player, who was born on what day?
23 November 1928
Which 90s rock band has more recently reformed, Gene or The Afghan Whigs?
The Afghan Whigs
Bug AS is a Norwegian company established in a city that consists of how many buroughs?
eight
"Saved by the Bell" is a 1969 single written and recorded by Robin Gibb, was a singer, songwriter and record producer, who gained worldwide fame as a member of which pop group ?
Bee Gees
Which tight end who played for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens is among those who grace the cover of NFL Street?
Shannon Sharpe
In which country is the belief championed by William Eglinton mainly focuses on reincarnation?
Brazil
What actor in many Coen brothers films also appeared in a film directed by Tim Blake Nelson? 
Steve Buscemi
When did the man for whom Robert Carr was a favourite become King of Scotland?
24 July 1567
Where was the conference at which 2017–18 Georgia Bulldogs basketball team played their home games headquartered?
Birmingham, Alabama
Justin Tinucci is an American actor, musician and professional indoor skydiver who is best known for his roles on "Incredible Crew", an American sketch comedy television series, created by Nick Cannon, for which organization?
Cartoon Network
Who has been involved in more music groups, Ryuichi Kawamura or Billy Mackenzie?
Ryuichi Kawamura
Tongliao and Xinxiang are both what?
prefecture-level city
How many Tony Awards has the host of "Three Nights at the Keck" received?
two
What is the nationality of the geologist who declared Schoonmaker Reef significant ?
American
What association hosted the Banting Lecture which was named after the co-discoverer of insulin?
American Diabetes Association
Andrew Wyatt is the vocalist in which band often represented by a silhouette image of a jackalope?
Miike Snow
In the 2016 American adult computer-animated comedy film directed by Greg Tiernan, which song features Snoop Dogg?
Wiggle
Which American beer had been a sponser for the 1995-1996 season of the British Basketball League?
Budweiser
SkyWest Airlines is a North American airline owned by SkyWest, Inc. and headquartered in which city in Utah, U.S., it flies as SkyWest Airlines in a partnership with Alaska Airlines, an American airline based in the Seattle metropolitan area of the state of Washington?
St. George
Which drink contains raw egg as one of the three primary ingredients, The Matador and Tamagozake?
Tamagozake
In what year did the voice actor of "Doc Hudson" in the animated film "Cars" die?
2008
What nationality where Terry Disley and Billy Bragg?
English
Which state is home to the music hall of fame that was both incorporated in 2005 and has inducted the singer Randy Jackson?
New York
This British-Australian singer was a member of a rock duo which became associated with the members of what band?
Bee Gees
Paul Warren starred in what 2010 movie along side Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes and Sam Worthington?
Clash of the Titans
What pop group starred by a 1997 film directed by the same person who directed the remake of "The Darn Cat"?
Spice Girls
 Tír na nÓg are an Irish folk band formed in 1969 in a sovereign state in north-western Europe whose head of government is the what?
Taoiseach
Gerard Johnson was the creator of a fountain for the country house that is of what type of architecture?
Jacobean
You are Here was written, produced and performed by a British multi-instrumentalist musican, composer, and singer-songwriter, who is the only child of who?
George and Olivia Harrison
Battle of the Barrier Forts was fought along the river that has what total length?
2400 km
What is the main ingredient of the finishing material inside the Dymaxion deployment units?
calcium sulfate dihydrate
When was the American politician and Governor of Oklahoma died in the city which is is home to the main campus of Oklahoma State University?
November 22, 1966
What type of plant are Aponogeton and Phillyrea?
flowering plants
Which hospital has the most beds, George Washington University Hospital or Psychiatric Institute of Washington?
George Washington University Hospital
Edgar Rickard was a confidant of which 31st President of the United States?
Herbert Clark Hoover
The Holy Cross Church is located across the street from what location that was founded in the year 1950?
Port Authority Bus Terminal
Which AM radio station is licensed to the commercial and cultural hub of The Mid-South or Ark-Miss-Tenn?
WREC
which film directed by José Padilha did  Joel Kinnaman: starred in 
RoboCop
Never Love A Stranger is a 1958 crime and gangster film that is based on Harold Robbins' 1948 debut novel with the same title, the film was shot in black and white, starring Robert E. Bray, was an American film and television actor probably best remembered for his role as the forest ranger Corey Stuart, in which long-running CBS series?
Lassie
What was the former name of the racing team that the No. 31 LMP2 Oreca 07 belongs to?
DC Racing
PlazAmericas and Meyerland Plaza are located in which city?
Houston
Speleonaut, is the submersible used by the cave diver Jochen Hasenmayer, after the 1989 decompression accident that left his legs paralyzed, Hasenmayer designed the "Speleonaut" with his friend Konrad Gehringer in order to continue exploring the Blauhöhle cave system, which begins at the base of which spring that serves as the source of the river Blau in the karst landscape on the Swabian Jura's southern edge, in Southern Germany?
Blautopf
who has played more instrument Built to Spill or Republica?
Republica
What Canadian has produced a song with the Cast members of Nashville? 
Brad Stella
Which is older, Stevens Institute of Technology or Drexel University?
Stevens Institute of Technology
 The 2009 AFL Season consisted of how many Rounds won by the team nicknamed the Cats ?
22
Where was a mission to study the dynamics of the region between 50 km and 100 km above the Earth's surface launched from on December 7, 2001
Vandenberg Air Force
Astell&Kern, is a South Korean consumer electronics company founded in October 2013, and is wholly owned by Iriver, the company manufactures media players, CD players, headphones, and which type, that refers to home entertainment audio-visual systems that seek to reproduce a movie theater experience and mood using consumer electronics-grade video and audio equipment that is set up in a room or backyard of a private home?
home theater
What was the birthday of the man Edd Hall replaced on "The Tonight Show"?
March 6, 1923
Chicken Run is a 2000 stop-motion animated comedy film produced by the British studio Aardman Animations, the film features the voices of which English television, film and theatre actor, that died on 10 March 2017?
George Anthony David Haygarth
The Koolie and the Sakhalin Husky are both breeds of what animal?
dog
Richard Charles "Dick" Flynn was born in which isolated mining town in New South Wales, Australia?
Broken Hill
Lucca Vaya, also referred as Loukas Vaya, was a physician, and participant in the Greek War of Independence, he is remembered as the personal doctor of which English poet, peer, politician, and a leading figure in the Romantic movement, commonly known simply as who?
Lord Byron
Who is the Las Vegas businessman and reality television personality, currently retired, that co-owns a pawn shop Chumlee currently works at?
Richard Benjamin Harrison
Which mountain range in Gallatin County, Montana runs mostly in a north–south direction between Bozeman and Maudlow?
Bridger Range
The Toccata in D minor, Op. 11 is a piece for solo piano, written by Sergei Prokofiev in 1912 and debuted by the composer on December 10, 1916, other composers of well-known toccatas include who, which was a Soviet Armenian composer and conductor, and is considered one of the leading Soviet composers?
Aram Khachaturian
Bob Buck's nephew was the recipient of the National Sportscaster of the Year award how many times?
three-time
What is the name of the four-wheel drive system featured in the Jeep Patriot which was one of Jeep's first crossover SUVs in 2007? 
Freedom Drive II
Besides dolphins and killer whales, what other animals can be seen in Hauraki Gulf Marine Park?
Bryde's Whales
Karel Bendl was born in a Central European multinational great power that was created by proclamation out of the realms of who?
the Habsburgs
Are Eric Dover and Soyou both singers?
yes
Ahmad Kola is in a country with how many inhabitants?
79.92 million
Which film was released first, This Film Is Not Yet Rated or Faces of Death?
Faces of Death
Cheburashka is voiced by a Soviet and Russian actress and singer who was active from 1951 until what year?
1999
Where did a recipient of The Technical Grammy Award help develop the video tape recorder at?
Ampex
what does Mike Score and Micky Dolenz have in common?
musician
Franco Alfano,  was an Italian composer and pianist, best known for having completed which of Giacomo Puccini's opera in three acts?
Turandot
Who stars in the British sitcom "Jam & Jerusalem" that aired on BBC One from 2006 to 2009?
Sue Johnston
Who was born first, Reinhold Ewald or Jean-Jacques Favier?
Jean-Jacques Favier
Which canal is longer, the Industrial Canal in Louisana or the James River and Kanawha Canal in Virginia?
The James River and Kanawha Canal
What musician who was half of the duo Le Knight Club also attended Lycee Carnot?
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo
What is the best known work by the composer of La Cetra?
"The Four Seasons"
The Stratton film has one cast member who is which English actor born on Spetember 22, 1987?
Tom Felton
are both Tea Moderna and Moondance online magazines ?
no
Harry Baird played for which football club based at Old Trafford?
Manchester United Football Club
How long is the US highway which has Sterling, North Dakota as its intersection with Interstate 94?
1885 mi
How many days did the longest of two riots (1967 Detroit Riot last than the Detroit Race Riot of 1943) last?
five days
How many stars is the hotel located in front of the Gokul pub in Colaba, Mumbai?
five-star
What alt-right author was originally to be published by Threshold Editions?
Milo Yiannopoulos
Ralph Bunche was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by a president that was born in what year?
1917
Henbury High School was a comprehensive school in a market town with a population of what at the 2011 census?
52,044
 A Girl like Me is the second studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna, who worked with Evan Rogers, Carl Sturken, StarGate, J. R. Rotem and label-mate Ne-Yo, who wrote the album's second single,  "Unfaithful" , written by who?
Shaffer "Ne-Yo" Smith
What party did the man who has served as a US representative , and had  a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives consider running against him in 2016?
Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party
Who designed and built the ship that was used by the team leader that first crossed the Greenland interior to explore the Arctic and Antarctic?
Colin Archer
Which American heir, hotelier, and philanthropist was a founder of Eighteenth Street Lounge Music (ESL Music)?
Eric Hilton
One of New Zealand's top 50 singles in 2014 was which song by Eminem featuring Rihanna?
The Monster
Charles Jennings, was a Canadian journalist for the CBC and the father of which TV station news anchor, Peter Jennings?
ABC
Which award did the performer whose debut comedy album was called Outsourced, win in 2008 ?
a Gemini Award
Who is older, Amy Mizzi or Isabel Lucas?
Amy Mizzi
When was the Opera that Annie Krull is most remembered today for having created the title role preformed?
25 January 1909
What came first, Honda Today or Honda City?
Honda City
Kulte has collaborated with the group formed in 2002 at what college?
Wesleyan University
How much did Geelong's Norm Smith Medal winner weigh?
86 kg
What countries do the genus Calamusu and Asperula both grow in?
Asia, Africa, and Australia
The Macau Peninsula has a gate built on the northern isthmus, for how long did it serve as a border?
155 years
 Tobin Bo Gunnar Gerhart held the Stanford record for most rushing yards in a season until the record was broke by an American football running back holds the NCAA record for what?
most all-purpose yards in a season
What prison was an Australian prison established in 1851 in Coburg, Victoria, that executed the School-girl Strangler?
Her Majesty's Prison Pentridge
What is the name of the American chain of fast casual resturants in which The Saxton Group is it's largest franchisee?
McAlister's Deli
De Wolfe Music has tracks used in what 2007 Ridley Scott Film?
American Gangster
On which date was this battle of the English Wars of the Roses fought after which William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville was executed?
17 February 1461
Wong Kar-wai, BBS (born 17 July 1958) is a Hong Kong Second Wave filmmaker, internationally renowned as an auteur for his visually unique, highly stylized work, including Chungking Express, a Hong Kong drama film, written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, in which year?
1994
Were The Black Cauldron and D2: The Mighty Ducks released in the same year?
no
Where is the tourist train Richard Fontaine Maury is known for located?
Salta Province, Argentina
Warehouse management system are what type of platforms?
technology platforms
What spectrum helps us distinguish far left politics?
The left–right political spectrum
When was the player who made his debut for the Los Angeles Rams against the New York Giants on November 11, 1990 born ?
May 22, 1964
In what show does Frederick G. Nolan seek the treasure of historical artifacts on an island of the coast of Nova Scotia, Canada?
The Curse of Oak Island
Which game is older, Twilight Imperium or Amun-Re?
Twilight Imperium
 Vítor Vianna is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who has competed in mixed martial arts events in Brazil, Holland, and in the United States, this ranking is due to certain fights, of which type, that he has participated in which term used in combat sports such as boxing and mixed martial arts to describe a weight limit for odd class fights?
Catchweight
What is the name of the landmark museum and restaurant in New York city owned bySamuel Fraunces? 
Fraunces Tavern
What is the HBO play adaptation  about A Gay Fantasia on National Themes, stars Meryl Streep?
Angels in America
No Fixed Address is the eighth studio album by which Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada, and released on November 14, 2014 via Republic Records?
Nickelback
The 2010 Pentagon shooting was an attack upon the headquarters of which U.S. department?
the U.S. Department of Defense
Which pizza chain, Grotto Pizza or Pizzeria Venti, has restaurants in more states?
Pizzeria Venti
The circuit that held the Rothmans 50,000 hosted how many stagings of the British Grand Prix?
12
What was the nickname of grandfather of the man that married the former Carol Shepp in 1965?
Slew
What Spanish football team has a midfielder named Hernan and is based in the Canary Islands?
UD Las Palmas
What did this English writer and journalist write many books about, for whom Lucy Saunders wrote essays about in the collection "Beer Hunter, Whisky Chaser"?
beer and whisky
Both Aspatria and Skiddaw are located in which country?
England
What year was the American musical comedy released which was being promoted by the version of the Beatles' song "Come Together" performed by the American band which also performed "Kings and Queens"?
1978
Mind Funk included which American guitarist who later served in the US Army?
Jason Mark Everman
Monaco national basketball team has always represented in this multi-sport event launched by who
Republic of San Marino
who was a film director, Charles Burnett or Herbert Achternbusch?
Charles Burnett
Which pianist born in 1954 composed Wenji?
Lam Bun-Ching
How many square feet is the mall that is located near Harrelson Boulevard?
1047732 sqft
Which part of Ireland is Macosquin and Coleraine located?
Northern Ireland
Who played as a forward for Premier League club Arsenal and began his career at Southampton F.C. Under-23s and Academy?
Theo Walcott
Which season was the 121st season of the elite Australian rules football competition where Josh Dasicos made his debut in an eleven point loss? 
2017 Australian Football League season
which american singer's second album was released as a CD by Wounded Birds Records in 2005?
David Bromberg
Which Opera house has the creator of Popeye worked at from the age of twelve?
Chester Opera House
Drum is a brand of tobacco distributed by a corporation under what parent company?
Mondelez International
The origin of the genre of music that Jaime Enrique Amara primarily signs was in which country?
Dominican Republic
The Mercurial Vapor is a football boot endorsed by which Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team?
Cristiano Ronaldo
Which institute is this Indian theoretical physicist who contributed to studies of S-branes a visiting professor at?
MIT
Are The Dead Milkmen and Thousand Foot Krutch from the same country?
no
What actor from Namkeen made their film debut in 1974?
Shabana Azmi
Billy on the Street with Billy Eichner is an American comedy game show hosted by Billy Eichner, is an American comedian, actor, writer, and television personality, he's known for playing Craig Middlebrooks, on which comedy sitcom?
Parks and Recreation
Hollywood Vice Squad is a 1986 film directed by Penelope Spheeris with an early screen appearance by Robin Wright, who stars as what character in the Netflix political drama "House of Cards"?
Claire Underwood
Which dog, the Swedish Lapphund or the Scotch Collie, was used by the Sami people for herding and guarding their reindeer?
Swedish Lapphund
The Make America Number 1 super PAC's largest donor is better known as whom?
Bob Mercer
Cyclone Qendresa was one of the most intense meteorological phenomena that typically occurs within two separate what?
regions of the sea
Which film, starring Ann Wedgeworth, was originally titled Dragonfly?
One Summer Love
Julien Nitzberg, is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary "The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia", released in which year?
2009
Guy's Hill High School is a secondary school in the village of Guy's Hill, Saint Catherine Parish, in which island country situated in the Caribbean Sea, consisting of the third-largest island of the Greater Antilles?
Jamaica
Which episode of Glee is named after a power ballad from the 1973 Aerosmith debut album?
Dream On
What member of the Quietly Confident Quartet had his career ended by suspended for drinking 46 cans of beer on the return flight to Australia after the 1986 Commonwealth Games?
Neil Brooks
Bryan Konietzko was the co-creator of the Nickelodeon animated series that ran between what years?
2012 to 2014
Who starred in the short film shown in line for the first versions of Disney's Hollywood Studios' original attraction featuring a walking and tram tour of the backlot area of the park?
Bette Midler
Which 1985 novel was set in medieval England and featured four distinct royal houses?
Here Be Dragons
What American animated series is composed by James L. Venable, garnering an Emmy nomination for Main Title Theme Music?
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
Who is the Irish Republican Army member who was a driver for the president of the Sinn Féin political party?
Martin Lynch
What is the release year of this Franco-Italian comedy film whose costume designer Ambra Danon was nominated for the Academy Award for Costume Design?
1978
K XIII was a ship built by "Fijenoord" in a city whose history goes back to what year?
1270
What character has had 200 films made about him and according to the novel has werewolf origins?
Count Dracula
What public garden contains a public exhibition about wine making in South Australia which opened in 2001?
The Adelaide Botanic Garden
What are both Naval History and Blender?
magazine
What are the most notable academic programs in the college whose head football coach from 1949 to 1952 was John Gagliardi?
Pre-Med and Nursing Majors
When was the American television sportscaster whose work was featured in "Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco" born
November 12, 1944
What Generation is the car that the Roewe is based on in?
third generation
In what year was the writer of "Empress of Mars" born?
1966
Thomas Seller Wallace was shot in the chest by one of the fugitives in the incident on the outskirts of this town located how far west of Calgary?
126 km
Which of the two rock bands My Bloody Valentine or Sick Puppies was established first?
My Bloody Valentine
Did Daron Malakian, an Armenian-American singer-songwriter that performed with System of a Down  or London LeGrand an American musician, that performed with Mötley Crüe get placed 0th in Guitar World's List of The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time?
Daron Vartan Malakian
Both Outfoxed and The Life of Birds are considered what kind of film/series?
documentary
What child actress appeared in a film based on the character Sir John Falstaff?
Beatrice Giuditta Welles
George Ho Ho-chi's father was known as what?
the grand old man of Hong Kong
What book was the basis for the film which includes "Dancing in the Dark" by Barbadian singer Rihanna on its soundtrack?
"The True Meaning of Smekday"
Raman Research Institute began as an instituteowned by which Indian physicist form the Madras province?
Sir Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman
At which role the did the director of the 2007 South Korean crime thriller film starring Yunjin Kim and Park Hee-soon played before directing films?
stuntman
In which country was the attack where Ali Awni al-Harzi was a suspect in 2012?
Libya
What was the nationality of the director of "S.O.B"?
American
Who was part of doubles winning pairs in the US Open, Australian Open and Wimbledon tournaments during the 1970s, Roberta Vinci or Geoff Masters ?
Geoff Masters
What American animated science fiction comedy was aired of fox on September,26 1999?
Futurama
In what tenth season episode of the Simpsons does Homer discover he can make money by stealing and reselling grease?
Lard of the Dance
What is the name of the theater company co-founded by the actor starring in 2014 crime drama The Drop?
LAByrinth Theater Company
Oberto Airaudi founded a spiritual community and commune that is situated in this region of northern Italy?
Piedmont
When was the law that considers the Schwerin branch itself extict compiled?
around AD 500
What Welsh actor starred in The Edge of Love with Keira Knightley?
Matthew Rhys
Robert Mackenzie is an Australian supervising sound editor, he is known for which critically acclaimed biographical war-drama film, directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan?
Hacksaw Ridge
What actor has starred in both Harry Potter and Regression?
David Thewlis
What was the name of the tag team that the American professional wrestler who worked with 1-2-3 Kid in the internet pay-per-view event Under the Hood?
The Rockers
What nationality are the bands "The National" and "OK Go?"
American
Die Hard special effects were done by Boss Game Studios, who else was involved with the movie?
John McTiernan
When was the sex symbol Pamela Anderson born?
July 1, 1967
Which South Korean Actress starred in both Miracle of a Giving Fool (2008) and Damo (2003)?
Ha Ji-won
Rod Strickland and Kyrie Irving, are Americans that have which organization in common?
National Basketball Association
Are Rennae Stubbs and Jack Sock both tennis players?
yes
What year was the  Goebbels children's mother born ?
1901
Zhongshan Road is notable as the commuting route of a former Chinese statesmen whose name is also romanized as what?
Chiang Chieh-shih
Frederick A. Young,was one of Britain's most distinguished and influential cinematographers, he's probably best known for his work on Lawrence of Arabia, an epic historical drama film based on the life of T. E. Lawrence, released in what year?
1962
Where was the man who converted Grady Wilson to evangelism ordained at? 
Burton Memorial Baptist Church
Do Kyle Schickner and Gene Saks share the same nationality?
yes
Which water body is east of LaGuardia airport and close to the World's Fair Marina?
Flushing Bay
The 2011 epic historical drama film set in Roman Britain was adapted by a man who wrote two plays for who?
Hampstead downstairs theatre
Is Elizabeth Jane Howard and Michael Moorcock both English writers or novelist?
yes
What was the song that Lady Gaga wrote and produced, as well as the one that Jesse Kaikuranta sang during his blind audition?
The Edge of Glory
What is larger, the number of employees that work for TD Securities or the number of ATMs owned by PNC Financial Services?
ATMs
Which American songwriter who has written songs for and with multiple music artists, as well as for several films, and contributed to Kathy Troccoli's album Pure Attraction?
Diane Warren
Which documentary used hand-held cameras, 4 Little Girls or Burma VJ?
Burma VJ
Did both the Airedale Terrier and Cão Fila de São Miguel originate from England?
no
Nardole is a fictional character created by Steven Moffat and portrayed by Matt Lucas in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", a companion of the Twelfth Doctor, the current incarnation of the alien time traveller known as The Doctor, portrayed by who, which Scottish actor, writer and director, best known for playing the twelfth incarnation of the Doctor in "Doctor Who"?
Peter Capaldi
What role with their bands do both Brandon Flowers and Petri Lindroos hold ?
lead singer
Which was founded first Pizza Hut or Regina Pizzeria ?
Regina Pizzeria
Evan L. Schwab  served as law clerk to a US Supreme Court Justice that was nominated by which president?
Franklin D. Roosevelt
What South Korean television show did both Ahn Hee-yeon and rapper Defconn host?
Weekly Idol
Are Bahman Ghobadi and William Castle both American film directors?
no
Abhayam had a musical score directed by the composer affectionately called what?
Salilda
Who was known for interpolation, Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov or Leonty Magnitsky?
Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov
Who is older Mike Patton or Eric Bazilian?
Eric M. Bazilian
Which is located outside the mainland US, Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport or Appleton International Airport?
Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport
Which clothing company that focuses on work clothes founded in 1889 has association with college bass fishing?
Carhartt
Which book inspired the film that contains Rob Thomas's 2007 single "Little Wonders?"
A Day with Wilbur Robinson
Which film was produced earlier, The Fighting Prince of Donegal or The Moon-Spinners?
The Moon-Spinners
What is the name of the stage show that was directed by a creator of a ensemble that Máiréad Carlin was a member of?
Riverdance
Which goalie played for Manchester CIty against Birmingham City in 1955-1956 FA Cup with a broken neck?
goalkeeper Bert Trautmann playing the last 25 minutes
What television series based on a DC Comics fictional superhero team did Tara Strong do voice roles for?
Teen Titans Go!
Mary Sharon Vaughn has written for artists such as a Belgian singer who was the winner of what award?
World Music Award
What position does the current holder of the Ligue 1 Young player of the year play?
forward
Lochend Park is a public park located next to a castle that is protected under which category ?
category B
Gummo is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name, and contains songs that were recorded specifically for the film, or were featured in the film, the soundtrack is most notably an abridged version of Burzum, a music project that began in what year, by the Norwegian musician and writer Varg Vikernes?
1991
Lucy Maunder was in the premiere of Doctor Zhivago alongside the actor hailing from what New South Wales city?
Wollongong
José Agdamag was a Filipino sports shooter who served in the 41st Infantry Division for the Philippines and survived the Bataan Death March, which was the forcible transfer of 60,000–80,000 Filipino and American prisoners of war by what army?
the Imperial Japanese Army
Beacon Global Strategies LLC was cofounded by a Senior Advisor to which Secretary of State?
Hillary Clinton
Lee Hae-in is a part of the girl group formed by the company that was formerly known as what?
Seoul Records
The Kangaroo Hoppet is a long distance cross-country skiing race that occurs in what region of Australia?
the Hume region
Kevin Hood contributed scripts to a 2007 British-Irish biographical romantic drama film that was directed by who?
Julian Jarrold
What concepts of dance does the Horton technique of dance utilize?
total body articulation
What was the population in the 2010 census of the city where John Barry Nusum was born?
18,799
Are Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti and Valentino's both resturants? 
yes
Jinnah of Pakistan was written about the founder of the country that gained independence on what date?
14 August 1947
What is special about Wachovia Spectrum by Bruce Springsteen?
live album
Which American television host and sports reporter co-hosted the seventh season of "American Ninja Warrior" and currently a host for "The Herd with Colin Cowherd?"
Kristine Leahy
Franklin Steele (1813 – September 9, 1880) was an early and significant settler of Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States, Steele worked in the Lancaster post-office as a young man, where he once met James Buchanan, James Buchanan Jr. ( April 23, 1791 ; June 1, 1868) was the 15th President of the United States (1857–61), serving immediately prior to the ?
American Civil War
Which semi-professional rugby league club in west Cumbria that play in Kingstone Press League 1 for whom Mel Mason played at club level?
Whitehaven R.L.F.C.
What country of origin does Nicholas Jensen and Denmark men's national ice hockey team have in common?
Danish
What is a high speed giant slot car attraction at Epcot at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, inspired by the Disney·Pixar franchise, "Cars"?
Test Track
Which director is from a country closer to Canada, Alessandro Blasetti or Frank Tashlin?
Frank Tashlin
Yiannis Zisimides, is a retired Cypriot athlete who competed in the sprinting events, and last represented his country at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, held during which time span?
15 September and 1 October 2000
The Big Green, is a 1995 family sports comedy film, by Walt Disney Pictures starring which English-American actress, singer and songwriter?
Olivia Jane d'Abo
Which cast member of the play The Ferryman was born on 20 August 1982 ?
Laura Donnelly
What blizzard was often compared to a storm referred to as the Great White Hurricane?
The Great Snow of 1717
Which airport is 10 miles southwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico, Santa Fe Municipal Airport or Waterloo Regional Airport?
Santa Fe Municipal Airport
The progressive metal band Eldrtich, performed a cover of the debut single by the Knack, which was written by who?
Berton Averre and Doug Fieger
Bambi and One Magic Christmas are films?
yes
Who were the mascots of the IIHF World Championship in the year that Andrei Stas was the captain of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team?
Asterix and Obelix
On what CBS sitcom did the By the Book producer appear? 
Big Bang Theory
Which of these was known as the Bear Stearns building at one point, Central Park Place or 245 Park Avenue?
245 Park Avenue
Which American actor made a cameo voiceover role as a flight attendant on the 1942 American animated movie "Saludos Amigos"?
Stuart Buchanan
Datong and Jianyang, Sichuan, are located in which country?
People's Republic of China
Quit was a pop punk band that played shows with which American alternative metal band from New York City?
Helmet
Who was formed first, Bastille or APB
APB
Featuring Juaquin James Malphurs, better known as Waka Flocka Flame, Another Day in Paradise is a mixtape by which hip hop recording artist?
Belly
Leander Boat Club is a located in a city that was conceived by who ?
George Hamilton
What occupation do both Jean Negulesco and Frank Borzage perform?
film director
News correspondent Bob Pisani presents for which international satellite and cable business channel?
CNBC
Who co starred in a 1941 American musical film with a Kennedy Center Honeree?
Bing Crosby
What title that is currently only given in conjunction with that of Prince of Wales is also the namesake of one of the neo-classical terraces in Regent's Park, London?
The Earldom of Chester
Where is the university with which Newcaste Business School is affiliated located?
Newcastle upon Tyne in the North East of England
In what race was a Clay County, Kansas native world leader in 1970?
800 meters
 Emerson Etem was originally selected in the first round of the 1010 NHL Entry Draft by a team based in which US state ?
California
FC Barcelona C plays its home games at the stadium across from what other stadium, the home of FC Barcelona?
Camp Nou
By what margin did the Supreme Court explicitly overrule Baker v. Nelson in 2016?
5–4
what does Jonna Fitzgerald and Susan Akin have in common?
beauty pageant
An amusement ride that is also known as the Starship, is a modicfication of a ride that was  first demonstrated at Oktoberfest 1949 and was desgned by who?,
Ernst Hoffmeister
The Joe Bill Dryden Semper Viper Award is an award granted by a company headquartered in what state?
Maryland
Which two companies produced the 2006 film directed by Guillermo del Toro?
Esperanto Filmoj and Warner Bros.
Alan Alda won one of his seven Emmy Awards in 2006 for playing Arnold Vinick in which political TV drama?
The West Wing
Featured on the album, "We Global," what record company is Plies the founder of?
Big Gates Records
Hans Behrendt and Roland Joffé both had careers as?
film director
What year was Gadarwara Super Thermal Power Station's critical equipment supplier established?
1964
The 2010–11 Missouri State Bears played their games in what second-oldest collegiate conference?
Missouri Valley Conference
What supernatural drama broadcast by Syfy stars Dichen Lachman?
Being Human
Are Bearded Collie and Treeing Walker Coonhound both breeds of dog ?
yes
Which Russian writer was born in 1818 and died in 1883?
Ivan Turgenev
When did the pool that housed the Civil Rights Heritage Center first open?
1922
In what location did the events that inspired Night Skies, a 2007 horror film, take place?
Phoenix, Arizona, and Sonora, Mexico
The Birdcage featured what American actor and screenwriter who was born in 1967 in a supporting role?
Daniel Paul "Dan" Futterman
In what state is the retailer of which the lingerie line Pink is a subsidiary based?
Ohio
What did Joe McCarthy's famous raid in 1943 attack?
German dams
What is the name of this 56th draft, which will be held June 22-23, 2018, in which Rasmus Dahlin is expected to be a top eligible draft pick?
2018 NHL Entry Draft
While J. D. Salinger was a writer, what profession did Vachel Lindsay hold?
poet
Which his higher Haramosh Peak or Jengish Chokusu
Jengish Chokusu
When was the music label that was responsible for releasing "The South" launched?
September 2005
Which former professional footballer was the coach of Real Madrid and Jiangsu Sunung?
Fabio Capello
are Tamra Davis and Max Linder both directors ?
yes
The official music video of Rake It Up premiered on a streaming service maintained by which company ?
Aspiro AB
Clay Matthews was a paratrooper for what division, that is the U.S. Army's most strategically mobile division?
82nd Airborne Division
Feeling Myself,  is a song by American rapper Nicki Minaj featuring American singer Beyoncé from Minaj's third studio album, called?
The Pinkprint
What play provided the source material for a film starring an American actress from Brookhaven, Mississippi?
"The Green Goddess"
Between Norman Lindsay and Rohinton Mistry, who was born earlier?
Norman Alfred William Lindsay
In what year was the Lorman, Mississippi university where Joseph T. Owens played college football founded?
1871
Which American rock band popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s had its members featured in the band Tribe of Judah releasing an EP in 2001?
Extreme
Sedin Torlak is a football defender that was born in the largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with a population of what?
275,524
Are Johnette Napolitano and Andi Deris both singers?
yes
Which breed is larger, Rough Collie or Boston Terrier?
Rough Collie
The Carlsberg Group brews which type of beer that was originally made by Norbertine monks?
Grimbergen
Were Jolt Cola and Diet Mountain Dew both sugar-free drinks, as advertised?
no
Vikram Seth and Nancy Mitford, have which mutual occupation?
novelist
How did the founder of the start up Catapult describe the show Against the Odds?
a series of little tragedies
Burr Churchill Miller is known for his sculpture in Portland, Maine that is of a man that is a Republican or Democrat?
Republican
Where did United Ulster Unionist Council Sign the Sunningdale Agreement?
Sunningdale Park
What Sharia-Compliant airline is the national flag carrier of Brunei Darussalam?
Royal Brunei Airlines
The solo artist of what made an album containing her own rendition of popular European classical songs, such as a Brazilian bossa nova jazz song that wasa worldwide hit in the mid-1960s and won a Grammy for Record of the Year in 1965?
Hello!
What nationality is the actor who starred in a sitcom created by Graham Linehan?
Irish
Sirens is the debut studio album by English electronic music production duo Gorgon City, the album features vocals from Katy B and Jennifer Kate Hudson, an American singer, actress and spokesperson, that rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on which season of "American Idol"?
third
In which film did the actress who played Chanel in "Seven Minutes in Hell" make her film debut?
"Blow"
Which was the American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Ted Demme in which Lauren Hollyan American-Canadian actress starred?
Beautiful Girls
Howard Kendall and Bob Paisley both won the English top-flight championship as both a player and manager at the same club: what was their profession?
was an English footballer and manager
What immigration rights activist was part of the team that won the Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Reporting in 2008 of the Virginia Tech massacre?
Jose Antonio Vargas
NHL 16 is an ice hockey simulation video game developed by EA Canada, Jonathan Toews,captain of the Chicago Blackhawks of which organization, is the official cover athlete?
National Hockey League (NHL)
The 1981 NFL season was the 62nd regular season of the National Football League, that ended with a game between the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football Conference and what winner of the American Football Conference? 
Cincinnati Bengals
Where is Jemaine Clement's band based?
New Zealand
What is the name of the sister act of this American funk band that recorded The Electric Spanking of War Babies that pioneered the funk music culture of the 1970s?
Parliament
Maiden's Tower and Aşiyan Museum, are in which location?
Istanbul
Are Chippewa Valley Regional Airport and Yeager Airport both in Wisconsin?
no
Who is the oldest Selmon brother?
Lucious
Which celebrated general led his troops in battle at Milazzo, Sicily in July 1860?
Giuseppe Garibaldi
Hollywood Babble-On is a weekly podcast featuring filmmaker Kevin Smith and which American radio personality/actor/voice over artist, and radio host best known as the host of "The Joe Schmo Show", for his voice work on the Fox animated series "Family Guy"? 
Ralph Garman
James M. Long, was an American baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1891 to 1893, and was born in which city in Kentucky?
Louisville
What purpose does the former country house, north east of Mottram St. Andrew now serve?
hotel and golfing centre
when does the production company of "Crunch Time" founded?
2003
Which of the producer of March of the Meanies died on  8 March 2016?
George Martin
What political party stopped the construction of the Thames Gateway Bridge
the Conservative Party
What did Sisomphone Vongpharkdy do at the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony as mandated by the Olympic Charter?
flag bearer of Laos
What are the closest living relatives of the family of lizards that includes the species Varanus komodoensis?
the anguid and helodermatid lizards.
When was the actor better known as Chilam in a movie by Ringo Lam?
1998
Who is best known as the singer and front woman for the band T'Pau, Carol Decker or John Corabi?
Carol Ann Decker
Cyril Chamberlain appeared in which early low-budget British comedy films?
Carry On
What was the 2010 population of the CDP where The Maui News is based?
15,313
What do "Little Dieter Needs to Fly" and "Born Rich" have in common? 
documentary film
Who started their career in 1979 and played their first season for the New York Rangers in 1996-1997?
Wayne Gretzky
Are Kamal Haasan and James Kerwin of the same nationality?
no
What band is Mahalia Barnes's father a part of?
Cold Chisel
"Work from Home" is a song by a group based in which city ?
Miami
Manduessedum was a Roman fort in a province inhabited by Celtic Britons, Belgae, and what other people group?
Picts
Petticoat Government was written by the author of "The Scarlet Pimpernel," which was set during the Reign of Terror following the start of  what?
French Revolution
Eagle Test Systems is a supplier of automatic test equipment (ATE) and operates as a business unit within the Teradyne Semiconductor Test Division, Teradyne is based in North Reading, Massachusetts, in which country?
United States
Who wrote the 2016 movie featuring the actor who also played Ronon Dex? 
Ana Lily Amirpour
Alles außer Sex was a German "dramedy" television series that was thematically similar to an American romantic comedy television series created by who?
Darren Star
What is the name of Ghanaian-born British actor, who has appears in the film "Highlander", and also appears in the 38th episode of 'Holby City' as consultant Ric Griffin?
Hugh Anthony Quarshie
When would be the album release in which "Too Much to Ask" is the third single song?
October 20, 2017
Which US yogurt maker is run by the leader of the Climate Counts movement?
Stonyfield Farm
We the People Amendment was introduced by the member of what Minnesota political party?
Democratic–Farmer–Labor
Which lake in Northern Ireland is near the Ballyscullion House and supplies 40% of Northern Ireland's water?
Lough Neagh
Mario Gomez received what award that began in 1960?
Footballer of the Year
Between Thalia and Calibanus, which genus has more species?
Thalia
On what date was the man who designed the New Tamayo Museum born?
2 October 1974
Are the following plants members of the different families: Nerium and Mitchella?
yes
Where was Jessie Woodrow Wilson Sayre's mother born?
Savannah, Georgia
What was the middle name of the man who headed the Rhodesian Front?
Douglas
Lucas Vorsterman was a Baroque engraver, he worked with which artist, a prominent English courtier during the reigns of King James I and King Charles I, but he made his name as a Grand Tourist and art collector, rather than as a politician?
Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel
What is the current stage name of the professional wrestler, in which Kiyoshi Tamura beat and who is the former DREAM Openweight Grand Prix Champion?
Minowaman
 GoodWill & MGI produced with what Australian Singer born in 1968 and starred in he Australian soap opera "Neighbours"
Kylie Minogue
In what borough did Stefan Persson’s NHL team play their home games?
Brooklyn
Which cocktail has more ingredients, a French 75 or a Snakebite?
French 75
What state of origin does Louis DeSalvio and Staten Island have in common?
New York
In what year was the singer-songwriter who did the duet "I Wanna Know You" with Hannah Montana born?
1990
Lanny Joon starred opposite Jamie Foxx in which 2017 action crime comedy?
Baby Driver
Optimist In Black is the first studio album of a British and Irish fashion designer who is an heir by direct descent of what 18th century Irish brewer?
Arthur Guinness
What is the lowest note of Albert Lim's standard range?
second A below middle C
The song "Breaking Free" is sung by  Drew Seeley, Zac Efron, and an actress that made her film debut in what movie?
"Thirteen"
How many award did Audra McDonald win like the award she won for Master Class?
six Tony Awards
Are both The War at Home and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon concerning the same world event?
no
In what year was the actress who was starred in "The Last Best Year" with Bernadette Peters born?
1936
Which film based on the Algiers Motel incident in 1967 stars Jacob Latimore?
Detroit
When was American actress and producer who featured inThe Titan on the Tracks born 
October 11, 1976
What is the name of the drawing inspired by the Roman author who detailed descriptions of the laconcium?
Vitruvian Man
In what year was the football team for which Josua Mejias plays founded?
1995
New York is the second season finale of Glee, and guest stars and American actor and singer who was born on March 26th of what year?
1985
The 1999–2000 season was Burnley's 5th season in the third tier of English football, they were managed by Stan Ternent, in his second full season, since he replaced which English former professional football player and manager, and current commentator and pundit?
Christopher Roland Waddle
The United States Senate election in Oklahoma in 2002 was won by someone who was first elected to the Senate in 1994, and was the chairman of what committee from 2003 to 2007 and from January 2015 to January 2017?
United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works
Overload is an upcoming video game being developed by Revival Productions, the game has been described as a 'spiritual successor' to the video games "Descent" and which 1996 first-person shooter video game developed by Parallax Software and published by Interplay Productions?
Descent II
Jameel McCline lost four attempts at the world heavyweight title to a boxer of what nationality?
Ukrainian
Which director directed more films, Sydney Pollack or Millard Webb?
Sydney Irwin Pollack
Game Face and March of the Penguins, are which type of film?
documentary
Which city did the writer of Enion spend most of his life?
London
Damien Derek Trotter is a fictional character in the BBC series "Only Fools and Horses", a British television sitcom created and written by who?
John Sullivan
What is the name of this American actress, musician, and director, borh in October 1989, who starred in Sleepover?
Brie Larson
Between the two colleges, Illinois Institute of Technology and University of Salento, which offers more academic faculties?
Illinois Institute of Technology
What is the name of this independent, Anglican, co-educational, private day school that is located on South Terrace in South Australia?
Pulteney Grammar School
Which mountain is highest, Saltoro Kangri or Gasherbrum IV?
Gasherbrum IV
Which virtual channel is a multi-channel video retailer and American cable, satellite and broadcast television network affiliated with?
46
Casu modde, casu cundídu and casu fràzigu , translated to English means "rotten/putrid cheese", is what  primary indigenous Romance language spoken on most of the island of Sardinia ?
Sardinian
Did both Philip Larkin and Hans Fallada have pseudonyms?
no
Allumette: A Fable is a reimagining of The Little Match Girl written by who
Hans Christian Andersen
Which genus has more species, Mucuna or Platycarya
Mucuna
Hayley Williams and Fastball both perform what type of music?
American rock
Bousillage was historically used in a region of the US with the exploration done by who?
Jacques Cartier
Phillip Henry Bridenbaugh was a graduate of what private co-ed liberal arts college in Lancaster, Pennsylvania?
Franklin & Marshall College
Who was drafted first, Avery Bradley or Eric Bledsoe?
Eric Bledsoe
1200 Micrograms (also known as 1200 Mics, or 1300 Mics) is a psychedelic trance act from Ibiza, one of the members is which Australian-born musician, and the owner of the United Kingdom record label Tip World?
Raja Ram
Does Huaying or Fushun have a larger population?
Fushun
Joe Embiid, who was drafted as the third overall pick in the 2014 NBA by the 76ers, went to which college?
University of Kansas
What is the county that the 2014 Baylor Bears football team played in?
McLennan County, Texas
Günter "Bobby" Klass was a factory driver for a company that has been successful in many branches of motorsport of which most have been in what?
long distance races
On what date did the Lady Gaga album, featuring Starsmith's remix of "Bad Romance", release in Japan?
March 3, 2010
How many times was the subject of Sal Paolantonio's best known work for ESPN selected for the Pro Bowl
six-time
Where is the team that Ibou Touray plays for located?
the Kersal area of Salford
Battle of Kosovo was the culmination of a Hungarian offensive to avenge the defeat in a battle that took place on which day ?
10 November 1444
the A595 road was a single carriageway which went through what English county?
Cumbria
In what year was Frieboeshvile's most notable former resident born?
1904
Which of these two documentary films was featured at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival, Sicko or Looking for Richard?
Looking for Richard
Which game show hosted by Mike O'Malley had celebrity guest episodes starring the cast of Welcome Freshmen?
Get the Picture
What UK water company is listed among the big-name customers of the Polyhedra database management system?
United Utilities Group PLC
Which chain was founded first, Blaze Pizza or Marion's Piazza?
Marion's Piazza
James Shomate was particularly known for his work for which American operatic mezzo-soprano born June 11, 1913?
Risë Stevens
When was the solo single released from the artist who was best known as the lead singer of the indie rock band the Smiths?
2 June 2008
What sport does Angelique Kerber career statistics and 2016 Australian Open have in common?
tennis
What are both Westair de Mexico and FedEx Express?
cargo airline
What nationality by birth is Prince Faisal bin Hussein's mother?
She is British by birth
Between The House of Love and 1990s, which band was considered to be an alternative rock band?
The House of Love
The Shadow Home Secretary post is currently held by which former MP from Hackney North?
Diane Julie Abbott
Horst Fascher was an associate of the Beatles during the time they played in Germany during what years?
August 1960 to December 1962
Zeitgeist: The Spirit of the age, is focused on what claimed emerging clandestine totalitarian world government?
New World Order
María Victoria Losada Gómez's team made it to what semifinals in 1997?
European Championship
Adventures on the Wheels of Steel is a 3CD compilation album by Grandmaster Melle Mel, and Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, were an American hip hop group formed in the South Bronx of New York City in which year?
1976
Which woman, known as "The Queen of Porn" was among those featured at VH1's Big in '06 award show?
Jenna Jameson
What 1959 American thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock was used as the model for "The Bugs Bunny Mystery Special"?
North by Northwest
Which band was formed first, "Deerhunter" or "Parabelle"?
Deerhunter
For which screenplay did Bill Walsh contribute he shared Academy Award nominations for Best Picture with Walt Disney?
Mary Poppins
The 24K discography regards the band formed by Choeun Entertainment in what year?
2012
According to the 2010 census, what is the population of the census-designated place where  Heckscher State Parkway crosses New York State Route 27?
5,389
Ross Clifford had a radio program on the radio station that is on what AM frequency?
1170 kHz
Ben Miles starred in a Netflix drama as  Equerry to what king?
King George VI
The prince who works with David Manning and The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is in what succession to the British throne?
fifth
Cupsogue Beach County Park is a 296 acre park at the east end of Fire Island and the west end of Westhampton Island by  Moriches Inlet, an inlet connecting Moriches Bay and what ocean?
Atlantic Ocean
 Polly Fashion, was a popular fashion doll competitor that competed with various fashion dolls, though the 1960s and 2000s originally made by Valentine Doll Co in 1962 to what year, it was sold through the American variety store chain, Family Dollar department stores, as a cheaper alternative to other fashion dolls?
1964
Q1:What is another name for THE Three Caesars' Alliance. Q2:Austria-Hungary and Russia and Germany were called what when they became a Alliance?
League of the Three Emperors
Which movie was made first, Aladdin or Zootopia?
Aladdin
In what time period was the prequel to "Fate/stay night" named a best anime series?
Autumn 2011 to Summer 2012
The vocal co-leader of the band Fitz and the Tantrums is from what city?
Los Angeles
The world's largest publisher in museum studies, which acquired Sheed and Ward in 2002, was founded in what year?
1949
When was Griffen Lowe on Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon from 2000 to 2002
Which group of Mediterranean countries is  Mompha miscella found from 
North Africa
Bess Armstrong appeared in a 1983 thriller film that was directed by Joe Alves and also stars Dennis Quaid, Lea Thompson, and who?
Louis Gossett, Jr.
What did the illustrator of more than 35 books, and wrote I Know an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly, win in 2000?
Caldecott Medal
What Danish engineer and politician represented his party in the negotiations leading up to the amendment of an act that forms a part of the supreme law of Kingdom of Denmark?
Holger Aagaard Hammerich
Daniel Hubert Federkeil (born November 9, 1983) is a professional Canadian football offensive tackle for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL), he would later assist the Colts in winning over the Chicago Bears, in Super Bowl XLI, an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Indianapolis Colts and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Chicago Bears to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for which season?
2006
Are Oakland University and Cape Peninsula University of Technology located in the same country ?
no
In the film based on the short story "All You Zombies" what character was played by Rob Jenkins?
"Mr Jones"
Which holding company owns the manufacturer of the FN P90?
Herstal Group
The company that proposed the Reeves Plains Power Station is owned by what Hong Kong-based enterprise?
Chow Tai Fook Enterprises
How many BAFTA awards did the actress who played the role of Carol in the British miniseries "Run" win?
three
Where is Sherri Mitchell's tribe organized as a First Nations band government?
the Atlantic provinces
When was the Indian professional badminton player defeated by Carolina Marín in Olympics gold medal in women's singles at the 2016 Rio Olympics born? 
5 July 1995
Were Belinda Carlisle and Dez Fafara in the same band?
no
Who prepared for an invasion by a king who had Earl Skule Bårdsson as a rival?
King Alexander III of Scotland
Terry Gray played how many games in the National Hockey League including for the team that has won six Stanley Cup championships?
147
A sucessful auditionee for The Saturdays, whom also was in another girl band, appeared on what reality tv show?
"The X Factor"
Dana Kirk was an assistant to the coach who, at Louisville, reached how many Final Fours?
six
What is the name of the American animated television series produced by Disney, and which includes the voice acting of Dee Bradley Baker?
Gravity Falls
The Blink-182 song "Ghost on the Dance Floor" was speculated to be inspired by the death of a DJ that died in what year?
2009
The African ostrich is the world's tallest living bird; where does the second tallest, the emu, come from?
Australia
John Farleigh illustrated for an english novelist who was born when?
11 September 1885
What country does the professional footballer play for who has a older brother that plays as a winger for Bolton Wanderers?
Nigerian
Which Footsteps singer had a wife that won numerous awards, including a Grammy and am Emmy?
Steve Lawrence
What is the name of the partner of the american engineer and inventor born January 30,1925?
Sutherland
 The 2011 WPA World Nine-ball Championship was organized by a sport event promotions company based in which city ?
Brentwood, Essex
What infamous terrorist was terminated by Seal Team Six in Pakistan on May, 2 2011. 
Osama Bin Laden
Between William Blake Herron and Neill Blomkamp, who has had a more diverse career?
Neill Blomkamp
In what year was the hymnbook that Elisha J. King compiled first published?
1844
El Chavo is a game based on which Mexican animated series created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños?
El Chavo Animado
After what battle was the Missouri Executive Order 44 issued that took place during the 1838 Mormon War?
Battle of Crooked River
What is the seat of the county that includes Belle Plaine, Kansas?
Wellington
Who helped found one of the top 50 largest craft breweries in the US in 1983?
Brian McMenamin
Who founded the tire company who was used by Saab in the 1993 Barber Saab Pro Series?
Frank Seiberling
Who is a former member of a Afghan party established in 1965?
Nur ul-Haq Ulumi
A carotid Doppler machine uses what change in frequency or wavelength of a wave for an observer who is moving relative to the wave source?
Doppler effect
In what year was the winner of the 57th Macau Grand Prix born?
1987
What cricket series did Ashton Agar play in for Australia?
The 2013 Ashes series
Seneca white deer live in the confines of the Army Depot that was officially shut down in what year?
2000
What is the name of the 60.3 acre parcel park and has the oldest oldest surviving building in the summit area of Mount Washington?
Mount Washington State Park
Was South Park episode "The Poor Kid," the season premier or season finale?
season finale
Who directed a film that used "Zenzenzense" as a theme song?
Makoto Shinkai
The bridge spanning the River Truyere near Ruynes-en-Margeride was built by a graduate of which university?
École Centrale Paris
Neil Canton worked on a film, in which year, with Christopher Lloyd?
1985
What is the nationality of the driver who was awarded the victory in the 2016 Mexico City ePrix ?
Belgian
Who is the male star of the film that closed The 27th Toronto International Film Festival ?
Antonio Banderas.
What six season television series first aired in October 2005?
Lost
The Seychelles parakeet, occurred in the Indian Ocean islands of the Seychelles group, it resembled the Alexandrine parakeet, a member of the psittaciformes order and of the family Psittaculidae, the species is named after who?
Alexander the Great
Noel Sheppard had contributed to which conservative U.S. monthly magazine covering news and politics, edited by R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr.?
The American Spectator
Sheldon Adelson is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of a corporation that is based in which US state ?
Nevada
Who has served as Acting United States Attorney for the District of Arizona and as United States Secretary of Homeland Security in their lifetime, Daniel G. Knauss or Janet Napolitano?
Janet Napolitano
What states does the wilderness containing the Bad Luck Creek span?
Idaho and Montana
Young Earth creationism, believed by Andrew A. Snelling, holds that the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created by who?
God
The 1923 college football team coached by Bill Roper was from which state?
New Jersey
What is the name of the Vietnamese beer that the Vietnam's leading beer producer make and whose name was changed by the communist government?
33 Beer
Karamdaata was a Hindi-language Indian film starring which actor who also won a Filmfare award in 1968 for best performance in “Brahmachari”?
Shammi Kapoor
What political party does the National Football League Players Association engage with through their membership with the AFL-CIO?
Democrats
What is the name and type of instrument popularized by the composer of Rag Shankara, Rag Mala in Jogia?
bowed instrument sarangi
Mark Wahlberg starred in a thriller about what event in American history?
2013 Boston Marathon bombing
Are both the Sasa and Pachysandra a genus of running bamboo?
no
Strut-Harald was a king who ruled over what North Germanic tribe of southern Scandinavia?
Danes
Catherine Walker, is an Irish actress, notable for British and Irish television appearances including which 2016 Irish independent horror film, written and directed by Liam Gavin and starring Steve Oram and Catherine Walker?
A Dark Song
Dhyan Sreenivasan made his debut in a film directed by his brother who is best know for his work in what?
Malayalam cinema
In what work are the essays of the author of The Amen Corner collected?
Notes of a Native Son
What fictional character from a British book was made into a video game in 1998
James Bond
Which album by the Beatles contains "With a Little Help from My Friends" and introduces a fictional band in the title song?
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Who was the director of the British-American fantasy film for which Tom Felton won one of two consecutive MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain? 
David Yates
Who is the film director best known for writing  "The Perks of Being a Wallflower", that wrote the screenplay for Beauty and the Beast?
Stephen Chbosky
How many conflicts were the wars of which Thomas James Maling was a captain categorized?
five
Franprix is a grocery store chain belonging to which retailer whose majority shareholder is Rallye SA?
Groupe Casino
What town on the Castletown River was the home of a famous radiologist who lived from 1900-1979
Dundalk
Which American politician, soldier, and diplomat born in 1819 commanded the Second Military District of the U.S. Army?
Daniel Sickles
What role did Mehrdad Raissi Ardali voice in the 2013 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures?
Kristoff
In what month was the current head coach of the Oklahoma Sooners born?
September
What other weapons besides the QF 2-pounder naval gun, so named because of the sound it made when fired, were there on the HMS Foylebank?
0.5 inch (12.7 mm) machine guns
What was the last year that Julia Haworth played as the nanny of Joshua?
2011
Get Bruce starred the actress and writer who started her career in what capacity?
stand-up comedian
Was it Bearno's Pizza or Aurelio's Pizza that has locations in 6 different states?
Aurelio's Pizza
The Mars One organization's proposal to establish a human colony on Mars is advocated by what famous Astronaut?
Buzz Aldrin
INSPIRE-HEP, an open access digital library for the field of high energy physics developed by Stanford University, has been the main literature database for universities, colleges, and research institutions since when?
1970s
Which of the following directors, Sun Yu and Charles Hutchison, was born first?
Charles Hutchison
The writer of the music for the tv series "The Eddy" is the founder of what production company?
Augury
During the early-to-mid 1980s, in which club in New Jersey, was this dance music style, that Robbie Rivera used in his music with Latin elements, developed?
Zanzibar
Women from Yongduuni are known for production of a fat that is extracted from which tree ?
the African shea tree ("Vitellaria paradoxa")
When was the film director of the film "Saw III" born?
January 11, 1979
Shenzhou 9 included which first Chinese woman in space?
Liu Yang
What film series did Hillary Wolf and Macaulay Culkin both feature in?
"Home Alone" series
Who played in the role of the movie Neighbours and in the role in The last song?
Liam Hemsworth
Where are Cenxi and Rizhao located?
China
What Manhattan neighborhood is home to both Judson Memorial Church and Washington Square Park?
Greenwich Village
The Amargosa tryonia is located in an intermittent waterway how many miles long?
185 miles
H. L. Mencken shares what profession with Joe R. Lansdale?
writer,
What rivers provide boundaries for Manhattan, the most densely populated borough in New York City and the 111 Murray Street residential skyscraper located in Manhattan?
Hudson, East, and Harlem rivers
Michael Pitt played which character that was also played by Gary Oldman?
Mason Verger
The 5th Wheel was initially hosted by the now-host of what comedy show?
Whose Line is it Anyway
Hunt Brothers Pizza and Dion's, sell which type food?
pizza
What type of sport does and have in common?
football
Paul Bocuse prepared food for which British-French turbojet-powered supersonic passenger jet airliner?
Concorde
What was the ethnicity of the DJ specializing in techno and house genres signed with Different Recordings in 2015?
German
The romantic Tamil song Pookkalae Sattru Oyivedungal is sung by Shreya Ghoshal and this Carnatic vocalist, playback singer, and musician born in which year?
1987
Anerican shorthair cats are from what decent?
descended from European
Instituto Militar de Engenharia and Tennessee Technological University both have degrees in what? 
engineering
In the 10th Century A.D. Ealhswith had a son called Æthelweard by which English king?
King Alfred the Great
The 1980 Soviet film made by Mosfilm  starred what actor named a People's Artist of what country in 1976?
USSR
Stuart Smalley is a fictional character invented and performed by which comedian, writer, and satirist, and later United States Senator from Minnesota? 
Al Franken
Which band is from a country closer to France, Superdrag or Shed Seven ?
Shed Seven
Are Diane Wilkins and Leos Carax both filmmakers?
yes
What is the highest charting song on the album released by Future on February 17, 2017
Mask Off
1992 Pittsburgh Pirates season was at what stadium located in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania?
Three Rivers Stadium
José Menéndez Menéndez (1846–1918) was a Spanish businessman based in Argentina and which sparsely populated region located at the southern end of South America, shared by Argentina and Chile?
Patagonia
Which state of Canada is connected to the most populous city in the US state of Michigan and the seat of Wayne County, by means of the Michigan Central Railway Tunnel, a railroad tunnel under the Detroit River?
Ontario
The Republican canidate in the Oklahoma gubernatorial election of 2002 formerly played for what NFL team?
Seattle Seahawks
Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo was overthrown by a Marxist revolutionary referred to as what ?
Africa's Che Guevara
The older brother of what female vocalist co-wrote the the third single in the bands third studio album?
Gwen Stefani
The Back Stage Garland Awards — also referred to simply as the Garland Awards, and known as the Back Stage West Garland Awards from 1998 to 2008 — were bestowed by which entertainment-industry newspaper brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts, with a special focus on casting, job opportunities, and career advice?
Backstage
When was the 2012 Louisville Cardinals football team's head coach born?
August 2, 1960
Which soft drink is primarily associated with Christmas, Sunkist or Julmust?
Julmust
Were both Grand Bleu de Gascogne and Norwegian Elkhound found in Viking burial grounds?
no
What was the first full-length studio album by the Filipino singer known as Charice until his gender transition?
My Inspiration
Which french composer inspired Moonchild: Songs Without Words?
Edgard Varèse
Consider the team for which Mads Justesen plays. What are they currently competing in?
Danish Superliga
Which director was nominated for more Academy Awards, Lee Tit or Sidney Lumet?
14 of his films were nominated
Who was born first Giacomo Gentilomo or Samira Makhmalbaf?
Giacomo Gentilomo
When was the American actor born who has roles in "Smallville" (2006–2011) and "This Is Us"?
January 29, 1977
Who contributed "One More Time" from his drama "Playful Kiss"a 2010 South Korean romantic-comedy television series?
Kim Hyun-joong
What band from San Francisco, California employs Amos as a multi-instrumentalist?
Om
Francis Manners, 6th Earl of Rutland, (1578–1632) was an English nobleman, in what year, did three women, the "Witches of Belvoir", were accused of witchcraft, for having allegedly caused the deaths of his two young sons?
1618
Scott Wilkinson acted in which production that was created by Constance M. Burge?
Charmed
What is the movie that Édith Scob acted in that was censored by Europeans yet caused controversy?
Eyes Without a Face
Which tennis player won more Olympic gold medals: Johan Kriek or Gigi Fernández?
Beatriz "Gigi" Fernández
Which biographical drama directed by Anton Corbijn stars Dane DeHaan?
Life
What 2006 movie directed by Michael Keusch stars an English stage and screen actress born in 1956?
Shadow Man
Are 45 Broad Street and Trump World Tower both located in Manhattan?
yes
Which of the movies for which Sherman Brothers wrote a music was produced by Walt Disney?
The Jungle Book
Monk Turner won the Free Music Archive's competition to create a copyright-free replacement for a based on what melody?
"Good Morning to All"
What singer nominated for Best Latin Pop Performance was born in February 1948?
José José
Marion Zimmer Bradley and Robin McKinley, are of which nationality?
American
How many member universities are there in the collegiate athletic conference that the Boston College Eagles men's soccer team is a member in?
fifteen
What year does the song Gloria and the band Them have in common?
1964
Cryme Tyme is a professional wrestling tag team consisting of Shad Gaspard and a wrestler born in what year?
1984
What larger ethnic group is Malika Mokeddem part of?
Berber
What alkane of six carbon atoms, also has the chemical formula CH and is part of the hydrocarbon based solvent mixture, Petroleum benzine?
Hexane
Which singer-songwriter from Northern Ireland released the album Beautiful Vision which has songs based on the spiritual teachings of Alice Bailey?
Van Morrison
What American supernatural psychological horror film did Daniel Zovatto star in?
It Follows
What actor was in "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" and also in the TV series "the Riches"?
Eddie Izzard
DeSoto County is located in a metropolitan area that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
1,324,108
The star of "From Paris with Love" was in an advertisement campaign for which fragrance brand?
Hugo Boss
Deniz Gamze Ergüven's debut film depicts the lives of how many sisters?
five
Fritz André played for Haiti in what tournament, held in West Germany in 1974?
The 1974 FIFA World Cup
What Indian playback singer stars in "Iru Mugan" directed by Anand Shankar?
Nithya Menen
Who wrote the song "By the Time I Get to Phoenix"  for which Glen Campbell rose to international fame?
Jimmy Webb
What year was the American actor who starred on Boogles Diner born?
1955
The company that markets Polysilicone-15 as Parsol SLX is headquartered where?
Heerlen
When was the release date of the American fantasy comedy family film that was directed and wrote by Sven Davison and David Dobkin
The film was released on November 9, 2007 in the US
The album Powerage was the first time to feature a bassist born in which year ?
1949
Who was part of the ninth British expedition to Mount Everest and on May 29th,1953 became one of the first climbers to have reached the summit of Mount Everest with Namgyal Wamgdi?
Edmund Hillary
In what year did the American public-benefit company based in New York help crowd fund a Hidden Path Entertainment tower defense game?
2014
What Malaysian-Australian film director produced "Annabelle"?
James Wan
Christian Broda served as Minister of Justice under which Chancellor of Austria who previously served as Foreign Minister? 
Bruno Kreisky
Which pizza chain is older, Hideaway Pizza, or Marion's Piazza?
Hideaway Pizza
What do the names Manaslu and Skil Brum have in common?
mountain
Empress Bianca is the first novel by an author born on which day ?
17 August 1949
What trophy did the Blackhawks first overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft win in the 2012-2013 season?
Conn Smythe Trophy
In between The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Popeye which one is a live-action film adaptation of E. C. Segar?
Popeye
Where did the current coach play football, who was previously the head coach at Northern Illinois University, and the first year coach when The Huskies competed in the West Division of the Mid-American Conference?
Drake University
The Holt suburb in the Australian Capital Territory, was named for an australian politician who was just how old when he was elected to parliament for Fawkner?
27
Which uninhabited coral atoll was Ramón Arnaud the governor of?
Clipperton Island
What female boxer from the U.S. Virgin Islands was also in the Hall of Fame and fought Joey Archer?
Emile Griffith
What type of music did Domenico Salvatori sing that was an equivalent to that of a soprano?
A castrato (Italian, plural: "castrati") is a type of classical male singing voice
Miriam Margolyes and Hogwarts staff are both characters found in which film series?
Harry Potter
When did Donal Francis Logue star in Comic Book Villains ?
2002
Where is the film production company located that produced the movie based off the book "A Long Way Home"?
Sydney, Australia
Which album released in 1996 is featured in Streets is Watching ?
Reasonable Doubt
Both Niek te Veluwe and Luuk de Jong are of what nationality?
Dutch
The star of the film "Marshall's Miracle" became known as a sex symbol due to her 1999 role in what film?
American Pie
Jahlil Beats is a hip hop producer who has produced the song "Jackpot" by the recording artist from which East Coast group?
G-Unit
What year is the show Young Sheldon, narrated by Jim Parsons, set in?
1989
Death Race 3: Inferno was considered the prequel to the 2008 film directed by whom?
Paul W. S. Anderson
Which writer won the Nobel Prize, Alice Munro or T. F. Powys?
Alice Ann Munro
The artwork of Gustav Klimt's protégé is featured in which city in Austria?
Vienna
When was the Greenup County resident for whom a 36-room lodge is named after born?
August 8, 1906
In which university stadium the Golden Gophers played their home games?
University of Minnesota
What is the birthday of the Argentine defender Associazione Sportiva Roma signed before the 2001 season?
23 March 1978
Who is the cover athlete of the videogame in which The Walker appears in the soundtrack?
Kyrie Irving
Which director also worked as a make-up artist, Josh Trank or D.W. Kann?
D.W. Kann
Toy Story and Unidentified Flying Oddball, are Walt Disney ?
Walt Disney
Which genus has more known species, Eucommia or Rhoicissus?
Rhoicissus
Who started Penn Radio?
Penn Fraser Jillette
Were was the company based to which David Vogel Uihlein, Sr was the heir ?
Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
What Vietnamese-born actor starred in Dragon Eyes with Jean-Claude Van Damme?
Cung Le
Which came out first, Jungle Cat or The Lion King?
Jungle Cat
Which bishop founded Louth Park Abbey and served as a royal justice in Lincolnshire?
Alexander of Lincoln
What is the name of the professional racing driver forn in January 1987, who won the 2013 Monaco GP2 Series Round?
Sam Bird
Which state did both Joe Sestak and Pat Toomey serve in politics?
Pennsylvania
What was the capital of the union of provinces in the Río de la Plata comprised by most of the former dependencies from the last to be organized and also the shortest-lived of the Viceroyalties of the Spanish Empire in the Americas?
Buenos Aires
The English footballer Alex Barbour played for this club that is a founder member of The Football League and based in which region?
Lancashire
What NFL team drafted the Oregon defensive tackle voted Pat Tillman Pac-10 Co-Defensive Player of the Year in the 2005 season?
Baltimore Ravens
Thursday Night Baseball includes a play-by-play announcer who has been on NBC Sports since what time period?
early 1980s
The English band Florence and the Machine wrote a song that was turned into what painting by Frida Kahlo?
What the Water Gave Me
Do Jason Wade And Luisa Hanae Matsushita, Also Known as Lovefoxxx, Share the same Nationality?
no
Cesar Chavez Jacobo attended high school in which Suffolk County, New York hamlet?
Centereach
Thomas Henty is the son of which British prop comedian?
Thomas Frederick "Tommy" Cooper
What was the population in 2011 of Casino, a town that lies on the banks of the Richmond River in Australia and was the location where Thomas George was educated at St. Mary's Primary and Marist Brothers College?
9,629
Which state did this English Separatist of the journal regarded as the most authoritative account of the Pilgrims and the early years of the colony they founded and originally from the West Riding of Yorkshire represent?
Massachusetts
Konnichiwa was broadcast globally by a live streaming platform founded where in 2010?
London, England
Siddhartha Bhattacharya is a member of a political party with close links to what Hindu nationalist?
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
The former owner of Fulham F.C. started a film production company in what decade?
in the late 1970s.
Who was born first, Mordecai Richler or Judy Blume?
Mordecai Richler
Kochi 5s was led by which retired Spanish footballer?
Miguel Ángel "Míchel" Salgado Fernández
What was the name of the Jacobite pretender to the thrones of England, Scotland, France and Ireland who left a small force of men in Carlisle?
Charles Edward Stuart
The player that scored the winning goal during the 1995 Scottish Cup Final was born in what year?
1969
Shin Eun-kyung is best known for her leading role in a South Korean film about a female gang boss who needs to get married to fulfill what?
her dying sister's wishes
Which largest Spanish-speaking country has the Goya albivenella?
Argentina
What movie did Katy Mixon star in that was directed by Seth Gordon?
Four Christmases
Which man worked more jobs in his lifetime, Charles Reisner or Herbert Ross?
Herbert David Ross
What was the 2010 population of the city where The B'nai Abraham Synagogue was located?
8,712
Which group did former a Boyz II Men member join?
Blayse
What is the name of the album released in 1995 by this Australian band that published the EP "The Beasts of Suburban?"
Machiavelli and the Four Seasons
Who directed Christopher Jacob Abbott in his film debut?
Sean Durkin
Notre Dame High School is an all female second cycle institution in which town in Sunyani West District in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana?
Fiapre
A tintype image of White Hair can be see at a museum in a city that is the county seat of what county?
Osage County
In what year was the person who took on Kenny Omega in The New Beginning in Niigata born?
1976
What 15 km river, located in southern Germany, whose name means "Blue Pot" flows east through Blaustein to the city of Ulm? 
Blautopf
Of which language was the inscription on a recently discovered spindle-whorl found in 1970 in Orkney, Scotland, which is considered an early medieval alphabet for the 6th century?
Irish
What do Maurice Elvey and Peter Watkins have in common?
director
The winner of the 1998 Texaco/Havoline 200 race won the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award in what year?
1992
What was the population of the city that became a prosperous industrial town in the 19th century and that an American politician served as on the school Committee and the mayor?
38,499
Singer Beck's father worked on what album what was the 2nd studio album by Linkin Park?
Meteora
Are Sutherlandia and Pratia in the same family?
no
In what year did the star of the 1978 National Lampoon comedy film about a college die?
1982
Which band sings Walk of Life from the Brothers In Arms album?
Dire Straits
Who was born first, Richard Z. Kruspe or Tom Smith?
Richard Zven Kruspe
Were the films Amy and The Last Flight of Noah's Ark both produced by Walt Disney?
yes
How many tours in the Iraq War did the author of the autobiography American Sniper do ?
four
The bayou is home to animals such as herons, turtles, spoonbills, snakes, leeches, and American crocodiles, who also reside in which countries?
Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola and Grand Cayman
Kiss It Better is a single by the American singer-songwriter who led what band?
Blondie
What traditional Japanese gate is located in front of one of the castle gates?
Torii
Which has more species, Dichroa or Orostachys?
Orostachys
How many Deftones albums were released before their album released in 2000?
20
Which is the closest county near the New Forest where Ocknell Plain can be found?
Hampshire
Klay Alexander Thompson set a then 484 combined three-pointer season record with his teammate who many have called the greatest what?
shooter in NBA history
Who is the State Chairman of the party  to which Frosty Boss Ribs belongs ?
Jim Elliott
Forrest Edwin Behm (July 31, 1919 – June 29, 2015) was an American football player, he played college football for the Nebraska Cornhuskers (often abbreviated to Huskers) is the name given to the intercollegiate athletic teams of which organization?
University of Nebraska–Lincoln
What New York State county are soul/funk band Mandril based in?
Kings County
What type of film was Luc Besson's film (2017) in which Dane William DeHaan had title character?
3D science fiction adventure film
Woman's Home Companion and I Confess were both what? 
magazine
Are Astragalus and Parrotia part of the same family?
no
Jacob Rees-Mogg is a British Politician born in 1969, who was his grandfather? 
Thomas Richard Morris
Annenkov Island was discovered by a British explorer who made how many voyages to the Pacific Ocean?
three
Rich Sommer had a role in the 2006 comedy-drama based on a book by whom?
Lauren Weisberger
What are disabled children called in Ghana
spirit child
The Bathurst 1000 motor race is held annually in which month?
each October
What job titles has the producer for the reality television programme Holiday Showdown held?
TV presenter, producer and writer
Deepak Tiwari is a Sspecial correspondent of an Indian newsmagazine that is printed in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, and Kottayam, and is published by who?
The Malayala Manorama Co. Ltd
Which film director is known for "Spring in a Small Town", Fei Mu or Joss Whedon?
Fei Mu
What was Miriam Auhea Kekāuluohi Crowningburg relation to the man known as "The People's King"?
cousin
Which county met by Nungessers was named for a sea captain?
Hudson County
Are William S. Hart and Valie Export both video artists?
yes
Are Comptonella and Quaqua in the same plant family?
no
What civil parish in Cheshire, England contains Scholar Green, which is located next to the isolated village of Mow Cop, 24 miles south of Manchester and 6 miles north of Stoke-on-Trent?
Odd Rode
Shim Hyung-rae, is a South Korean former comedian and filmmaker, best known for directing D-War, a South Korean action-adventure fantasy film, released in what year, written and directed by Shim Hyung-rae?
2007
Jim Sheridan is a director who created the sports-drama film released in what year?
1997
Which magazine, The Caribbean Pioneer or Cook's Illustrated, is an American cooking magazine published every two months by the America's Test Kitchen company in Brookline, Massachusetts?
Cook's Illustrated
Elmer Tiling Cunningham an American entrepreneur was in direct violation by infringing on patents of a British electrical engineer known for inventing the first what?
thermionic valve
Which Los Angeles formed American rock and pop band stared in the 1968 musical Head?
The Monkees
A Christmas Carol has a supporting actress who also stars as whom in the drama House of Cards?
Claire Underwood
The 1998 British Grand Prix was a 3rd-place finish for the driver who hails from what country?
Northern Ireland
Who wrote the 1942 children's novel which was a Christian allegory loosely modelled on the work been cited as the first novel written in English?
Enid Blyton
The Jersey journal relocated in January 2014 to a city that has a population of how many inhabitants ?
16,264
What is the population of the city at which Belltable Arts Centre is located?
94,192 (2016 census)
Tara Ochs starred alongside who in a 2010 American romantic-comedy drama?
Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel
Which mine opened first, Ptarmigan and Tom Mine or Lupin Mine? 
Ptarmigan and Tom Mine
What hockey team does the younger brother of Sean James Pronger currently work for?
the Florida Panthers
What was the architectural art style that can be found at the Beardsley Historic District and is taught at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris?
Beaux-Arts architecture
It's My Life and Andy Burnham share a home base of what shared town?
Manchester
The organization that Carlos Guillermo Suarez Mason was in charge of was disbanded in what year?
2000
What British games manufacturer publishes "White Dwarf," a magazine which gave Dragons of Mystery a middling review?
Games Workshop
What is the name of the 2007 South Korean action-adventure fantasy film, written and directed by Shim Hyung-rae, former comedian who is also well known for his other work Yonggary?
D-War
Wuhai and Yulin, Shaanxi, are located in which country?
China
Who wrote the play, Panic, that featured Orson Wells, American actor, director, writer, and producer?
Archibald MacLeish
Which periodical is published more frequently, Science News or Arizona Highways?
Science News
Are both Charles Palliser and Tom Stoppard internationally known?
yes
Malice is a 1993 American-Canadian psychological thriller film, one writer of the screenplay, is by which American screenwriter, director, producer and playwright?
Aaron Benjamin Sorkin
J. William Lloyd based his anarchism upon natural law, unlike which proponent of American individualist anarchism?
Benjamin Ricketson Tucker
George Small's keyboard and piano work is featured on an album assembled in association with what label?
Geffen
Ibn al-Sal'us was the chief financial adviser for the sultanate that spanned which realm?
Egypt, the Levant, and Hejaz
Which filmmaker focused on a more eastern global region, Tomás Gutiérrez Alea or Fruit Chan?
Fruit Chan
Are The Makropulos Affair and From the House of the Dead both written by Leoš Janáček?
yes
Adrienne Maloof, an American business woman, and part of the Maloof family lives in which state?
Nevada
What open source platform game was modeled after a Nintendo game released in 1985 that required players to rescue Princess Toadstool?
Secret Maryo Chronicles
Who was born first, Alex Segal or François Ozon?
Alex Segal
During the 2000 European Super Touring Cup which track took place in Italy?
Mugello Circuit
Were Rémi Lange and Lothar Mendes both film directors?
yes
Between Mikhail Kravchuk and Efim Zelmanov who wrote more articles on mathematics? 
Mykhailo Pylypovych Kravchuk
Jenifer Benítez Benítez was born in a city that is the capital of which island ?
Gran Canaria island
What stadium does the team that Bob Mrosko played on that won the Super Bowl XXV play in?
MetLife Stadium
What is a 1975 American-Australian family adventure film produced by Walt Disney Production, directed by Don Chaffey , Alice in Wonderland or Ride a Wild Pony ?
Ride a Wild Pony
Who is the current governor of the state whose 10th territorial governor was one of its first senators?
David Ige
The composer of A Survivor from Warsaw emigrated to the United States in what year?
1934
Who wrote the folk song recorded by an English rock band that released it's debut album in the United States on January 12, 1969?
Anne Bredon
Airplane! features an appearance by the basketball player who played 20 seasons for which two teams?
Milwaukee Bucks and the Los Angeles Lakers
Ashley Zukerman stars in what political drama television series created by David Guggenheim?
Designated Survivor
Though most famous for playing Jamie in EuroTrip, Travis Wester got his start in what famous TV show?
Beverly Hills, 90210
Which former president of the of the Indiana Pacers organization helped to turn around the Boston Celtics 1979-80 season?
Larry Bird
Wagnney Silva Fabiano-Santos practiced martial arts with the company that was founded in what location?
Las Vegas, Nevada
In 2010 Adelaide City beat what soccer club, who has also been known in the past as both "Azzurri" and "Napoli"?
Adelaide Blue Eagles
What type of media does Tar Creek and Before Stonewall have in common?
documentary
The Hamilton Mixtape is a 2016 mixtape album featuring assorted songs from the 2015 Broadway musical "Hamilton" performed by various artists, "Wrote My Way Out" is on which basketball simulation video game, developed by Visual Concepts, and published by 2K Sports?
NBA 2K18
Russo's New York Pizzeria and Marion's Piazza, both are a restaurant chain, what type?
pizzeria
Five Golden Hours starred an American dancer and actress who had what birth name?
Tula Ellice Finklea
SYZ conjecture was proposed partly by which Fields Medal recipient?
Shing-Tung Yau
Between two documentary films Best Friend Forgotten and Mad Hot Ballroom, which film was released earlier?
Best Friend Forgotten
Old Rectory is in a small town and civil parish where?
North Lincolnshire, England
Amii Grove appeared in which British lads' magazine?
Zoo Weekly
An inner satellite of which planet is named for a Shakespearean character notable for "the quality of mercy" speech?
Uranus
Austin S. Miller participated in which part of Operation Gothic Serpent?
The Battle of Mogadishu
Who wrote more styles of writing, Stefan Zweig or Nâzım Hikmet?
Nâzım Hikmet
In what year was the person vote back in to the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007 with Harpreet Deol born?
1979
Which Visions star was born March 15, 1975?
Eva Longoria
What 1980 American western film directed by Walter Hill was inspired by a 1971 American TV movie about the Wright brothers to star real life brother?
The Long Riders
Robert Lowther was an English Member of Parliament, and younger brother of ?
James Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale
In which magazine has the actress, who played Samantha Wynden in the 2010 British science fiction monster film, "Monsters", been featured?
Maxim
On what date did the episode of "The Simpsons" that made allusions to one of the most famous hoaxes in United States history air?
November 23, 1997
What is the other German name of a safety feature appearing in Elio Motors three wheeled car, the Elio P4?
ASR
Who does the 2015 Hockey East Men's Ice Hockey Tournament MVP currently play for?
the Buffalo Sabres
In what year was the man married to Jaclyn Smith when Victoria Winters was written of the show "Dark Shadows" born?
1939
Dodge Durango and Dodge Dakota both featured a ?
body-on-frame construction
Twilight Imperium and Battle Sheep, are which specific type of entertainment?
board game
María Eugenia Bielsa is the sister of the football manager in charge of what team?
Lille
In what year was the actor who was starred in the 1973 film "Voices" with Gayle Hunnicutt and Lynn Farleigh born?
1941
Who was born first, Brent Hodge or Keisuke Kinoshita?
Keisuke Kinoshita
The 1985 European Grand Prix was held in which town?
West Kingsdown in Kent, England
A third campusof Sekolah HighScope Indonesia used to be how far from a large shopping complex located in the wealthy Pondok Indah suburb of South Jakarta?
only a walk away
What school district oversees the schools of the village where Stephen Harding House is located?
North Shore School District
Placide Cappeau was the author of "O Holy Night" which was set to music by what French composer and music critic
Adolphe Adam
Which American luxury department store, owned by one of the oldest commercial corporations in North America, did the Waterside Shops have in 1992 as an anchor tenant?
Saks Fifth Avenue
LDC Watch, the alliance of organization based in Leas Developed Countried is based where?
Belgium
when was the gangstar which  Albert Krieger was his defense lawyer born ?
October 27, 1940
The Fairly OddParents included  crossover episodes that premiered between which years?
2004 and 2006
The Mistress co-starred which English actress and entrepreneur?
Jane Asher
In which county of Montana is the Historic St. Mary's Mission located? 
Ravalli County, Montana
Eclipse is the third novel in the "Twilight" Saga by who, it continues the story of Bella Swan, a character and the protagonist of the "Twilight" series?
Stephenie Meyer
Which band is from the United States, American Standards or Loudspeakers?
American Standards
What are four stores that can be found in the mall near the 1-485/South Boulevard station?
Sears, Belk, JCPenney, and Dillard's
Which retired English footballer and current sports broadcaster once praised Irish footballer Christopher Forrester?
Gary Lineker
What record label produced the debut album of the band formed by Evan Dando, Ben Deily, Jesse Peretz
Taang Records
Under Matinee Entertainments a film was produced with cinematography by who?
Ravi Yadav
how is Harry S. Truman and Franklin D. Roosevelt connected?
President
What was the name of the 1929 novel written by the author whose scenario inspired the one-act ballet "Le Train Bleu"?
Les Enfants Terribles
What incident at South Hadley High School led to the enactment of stricter anti-bullying legislation by the Massachusetts state legislature?
The suicide of Phoebe Prince
Which was released earlier, "Phobia" by Breaking Benjaming or "Diary" by Sunny Day Real Estate?
Diary
The Sea Hornet starred the American actor who played Jock Ewing on which soap opera?
Dallas
Was InStyle or Spin founded first?
Spin is an American music magazine founded in 1985
David Bain Oliver was a teacher of flute at a conservatoire formed in what year?
2005
After his time coaching for the St. Louis Rams, where did the team that Rich Brooks coached play their home games?
Commonwealth Stadium in Lexington, Kentucky
Wu experiment was conducted by thi s Chinese American physicist who made significant contributions in the field of what
nuclear physics
What is the name of billionaire whose daughter was featured in the first two episodes of British comedy game Wall of Fame?
Bernie Ecclestone
What channel broadcasted the competition that Van Den Dungen competed in at 16?
Fox8
Mary Osborne, Duchess of Leeds, born Lady Mary Godolphin, was a daughter of Henrietta Godolphin, "née" Churchill, 2nd Duchess of Marlborough, and Francis Godolphin, 2nd Earl of Godolphin, making her granddaughter to the powerful government trio during the reign of which person that became Queen of England, Scotland and Ireland on 8 March 1702?
Queen Anne of Great Britain
Laurence Naismith starred in a 1970 musical film adaption in Panavision of which Charles Dickens' story?
"A Christmas Carol"
Guilderland High School is part of which area that serves approximately 5,700 students and encompasses most of the Town of Guilderland and part of the town of Bethlehem in Albany County?
Guilderland Central School District
What position does the American football player Troy Aikman play; the owner of the club being Jerry Jones?
quarterback
What is the year of the event that happened first, Nate Spears was born, or the American League was established?
1901
Drafted by what team in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft, did the American football safety  who played college football at the college founded in 1882, the program is one of the oldest in college football?
Houston Texans
Are Craig Melville and Miguel Contreras Torres both directors?
Australian television comedy director
Which author was from Russia, Michael Crichton or Marina Tsvetaeva?
Marina Ivanovna Tsvetaeva
What was the calibre of the controversial rifle invented by Sir Charles Henry Augustus Frederick Lockhart Ross?
.303
The 2011–12 Los Angeles Lakers season is which ordinal number season of the franchise, its 63rd season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 52nd season in Los Angeles, at midseason they traded longtime forward, Luke Theodore Walton (born March 28, 1980) is an American former professional basketball player, and the current head coach of the  Los Angeles Lakers?
64th
Robert Evans photographed the wedding of what American actress, producer, and businesswoman born in 1969?
Jennifer Aniston
Are Phacelia and Podraneaboth flowering vines?
no
When was the film, in which Zhang Yuqi had her first major role, released in the US ?
14 March 2008
Mitchella and Edraianthus are both a genus of what?
flowering plants
What State did the Congressman who introduced the Federal Reserve Transparency Act represent?
Kentucky
A soccer kick, also known as a soccer ball kick in puroresu and shoot fighting, is a reference to a kick that is similar to kicks used in association football, Gerard Gordeau, a Dutch former savateur, karateka, and mixed martial artist, defeated who with a soccer kick, which also knocked out one of his teeth?
Teila Tuli
Who was the director of a French adventure film featuring French actress Margaux Chatelier?
Nicolas Vanier
Phoonk 2 is a Bollywood horror film, written and directed by Milind Gadagkar, it is a sequel to Ram Gopal Varma's 2008 film "Phoonk" and stars which Indian actor, filmmaker and television presenter, known primarily for his work in Kannada cinema?
Sudeep Sanjeev
Church of St. Anthony of Padua, Istanbul and Khedive Palace, are located in which country?
Turkey
What century were the Leiper Canal and Duluth Ship Canal built?
19th century
Who was born earlier, Philippe Perrin or Sigmund Jähn?
Sigmund Werner Paul Jähn
What type of British TV series is narrated by a three times BAFTA, three times BIFA and one time Golden Globe Award winner?
documentary
How many seasons did a former professional baseball first baseman and third baseman play from 1972 to 1986, who was involved in he catalyst for a Major League Baseball-related cocaine scandal?
fifteen seasons
What city is the team, which Ruth Hamblin currently plays, based out of?
Adelaide
Which single produced by Sylvia Robinson was by a band what Keith Cowboy was a member of?
"The Message"
State Route 160 runs on top of a mountain peak with an elevation how far above mean sea level?
4145 ft
Which Russian mathmatician contributed to number theory, Grigori Perelman or Ivan Fesenko?
Ivan Fesenko
Are both Kasetsart University and University of Memphis public Universities ?
yes
Douglas A. Mendini writes non-fiction that has appeared in magazines by what publisher?
Hearst Corporation
This small for its time, entry level popular car was the vehicle used to ultimately kill Ken Tillery, what make and model was the vehicle?
Oldsmobile Cutlass
Aaron Keith Heal  is an Australian cricketer who played domestically for Western Australia and later the Melbourne Renegades established himself in Western Australia's first-class (Sheffield Shield) and limited-overs (Ford Ranger Cup) sides during the 2006–07 season, taking over from  a left-arm wrist spin bowler, and a lower-order left-handed batsman whose name is what?
George Bradley "Brad" Hogg
The original home of the ECCO shoe manufacturing company is locate in what country?
Denmark
Situated on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Luxor, the famous tomb TT34 is located in which ancient city?
Thebes
Lymecycline is marketed by the company that became a subsidiary of what multinational in 2014?
Nestlé
Which retired Spanish professional footballer is currently the co-assistant coach of Manchester City, alongside an English football coach and former player?
Mikel Arteta Amatriain
On which stock exchange is listed the global business process management, services and IT corporation Genpact, with 77,000 employees in 20 countries and have a campus close to the Singapore Township in India?
New York Stock Exchange
American hip hop record producer, Seven, worked with hip hop recording artist, of Irish descent, from where?
Kansas City, Missouri
Which Australian rock band formed in 1978 where a Scottish-born, Australian-American musician and actor performed as lead vocalist?
Men at Work
Barry Hinson coached for a period of time at an interdenominational Christian college located where?
Tulsa, Oklahoma
Canadian singer and songwriter Justin Bierber was featured in the remix of "Gas Pedal" originally by what American rapper? 
Sage the Gemini
Controlla was recorded for what studio album that was the fourth by Drake, and was released on April 29, 2016 by Young Money Entertainment?
Views
Star Wars: The Clone Wars – Lightsaber Duels is a Wii fighting video game, the game was released on November 11, 2008, it features actual voice actors to reprise their roles from the show, such as which American actress and fashion designer, known to audiences of "Blue Collar TV" and "Star Wars Rebels"?
Maria Ashley Eckstein
Are both Garafian Shepherd and Brazilian Terrier breeds of dog?
yes
What show did AfterMASH come from and Jamie far was well known for?
"M*A*S*H"
Which did Adrian Lyne direct that starred Louisanna Knop and used stylized light?
9½ Weeks
Who founded the company that created the game engine used to make Far Cry?
Cevat, Avni and Faruk Yerli
Leskinen won a bronze medal in the Women's Superpipe at what event that  broadcasted on ESPN and ABC, primarily hosted by Sal Masekela and Todd Harris?
Winter X Games IX
When did the Australian-born British independent filmmaker and video journalist  born who along with CGP Grey created Hello Internet?
18 June 1976
The Manor of Scrivelsby, in the East Lindsey district, lies in which eastern English county?
Lincolnshire
the lyrics of Yellow Flicker Beat refer to the rise of the heroine in a trilogy of novels of what genre?
young adult dystopian
Are both "The BFG" and "Oliver Twist" fictional characters that involve orphan children?
yes
Donald Corren created a role of a character best known as what? 
accompanist
 Reminiscences of a Stock Operator is a thinly disguised biography of an american investor who passed away in which year ?
1940
Which American journalist, author, and entrepreneur wrote Becoming Wise
Krista Tippett
When was the former Australian international cricketer born who was the Wisden Leading Cricketer in the World in 1997 and who were declared Men of the Series in Australian cricket team in Pakistan in 1994–95?
13 September 1969
Claudia Lindsey is a graduate of what American private research university in Waltham, Massachusetts?
Brandeis University
Who successfully "crossed over" to pop music and was one of the most influential, successful and acclaimed vocalists of the 20th century, who released an EP on April 20, 1962 ?
Patsy Cline
From what 1981 philosophical treatise did Houellebecq get the name of The Map and the Territory?
Simulacra and Simulation
Which journal that Philip Ball contributes to was launched in 2002?
Nature Materials
Which genre of Italian film was the first to use CGI?
horror movies
The Night Is Young is based on a story written by the author of what nationality?
Austrian
The Nexus 10 is a tablet computer co-developed by Samsung Electronics, a, the world's second largest information technology company by revenue after which company?
Apple
Where is the headquarters of the company that produces the soft drink that the ICP traditionally sprays the audience with ?
Detroit, Michigan.
Kiko, Princess Akishino, born 11 September 1966 as Kiko Kawashima is the wife of which member of the Japanese imperial family, born 30 November 1965, and is the second son of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko of Japan?
Fumihito, Prince Akishino
Which game was released first, Santorini or Ghettopoly?
Ghettopoly
What profession does The Hot Desk and Laura Whitmore have in common?
presenter
Who was with the cosmonaut who commanded the historic Voskhod 2 mission which saw the first man walk in space in 1965 ?
Alexey Leonov
What American character actress played the wife of Archie Bunker?
Jean Stapleton
The musician in the Isle of Wight album was born in what year?
1942
Which European composer was regarded as a great contemporary of Beethoven, Luigi Cherubini or Charles Gounod?
Beethoven regarded Cherubini as the greatest of his contemporaries.
what is the surface area of the lagoon southwest of Dreverna
1,619 km2
What actress began her career as a child actress in the early 1940s and also starred in the British drama film Boom!?
Elizabeth Taylor
The first college basketball team that David Padgett played for are part of what NCAA conference?
Big 12 Conference
What is the middle name of the leader of Quantrill's Raiders?
Clarke
Taurus was a female Crunk&B trio–consisting of Doma, Notation & Jazz–that became slightly known for their heavily Salt-N-Pepa-influenced debut single "Taurus Here" in 2005, Salt-N-Pepa, is an American hip-hop/rap trio from New York City, in which US state?
New York
The Königsberg fortifications were erected due to the vulnerability during which war of 1563-1721?
The Polish–Swedish Wars
Which architect was responsible for designing the building standing on the original site of a Spanish explorer, conquistador, and first Governor of Puerto Rico?
Henry C. Trost
Jean Chastel, a farmer and inn-keeper from Gevauden was best know for eating what man-eating gray wolf in the Margeride Mountains?
The Beast of Gévaudan
The Bozz Chronicles was set in an era that was named after the reign of which queen ?
Queen Victoria
What record label released the album that featured Miranda Lambert's song "Somethin' Bad"?
RCA Nashville
Fine Young Cannibals and Shed Seven, are British?
no
Which American multinational oil field service company has been testified against in Congress by Bunny Greenhouse in 2005?
Halliburton
DRL (formerly DoomRL), short for Doom, the roguelike video game developed by ChaosForge, following a cease and desist notice from "Doom" trademark owner, ZeniMax Media, the game's names was changed to "DRL" in which year?
2016
Where was the manufacturer of Troller Pantanal founded? 
Horizonte, Ceará
Melissa Suzanne George (born 6 August 1976) is an Australian-American actress, who portrays Sadie Harris on what American television medical drama?
"Grey's Anatomy"
Both American Foxhound and Greyhound resembles which animal?
a breed of dog
The Korean Buddhist temple Kwanŭm-sa is named after which East Asian buddhist bodhisattva venerated by Mahayana Buddhists?
Guanyin
How long is the interstate that Mountain Empire Airport is situated next to?
855 mi
What nationality is the author of A Conspiracy of Faith?
Danish
Are "Shore Things" and "Licensed to Kill" both documentaries?
yes
Jolo, West Virginia is the home to what renowned snake handling church?
Church of God with Signs Following
Which went to trial first: Aptheker v. Secretary of State or Martin v. Hunter's Lessee?
Martin v. Hunter's Lessee
What is the nationality of the person who researched "Underground"?
Australian
Who directed the 2003 South Korean melodrama film that Lee Ki-woo acted in?
Kwak Jae-yong
The coach of the team that played its games in Beaver Stadium in 1994 lost his job over what issue?
child sex abuse scandal
What role did a star in the 1982 movie Fighting Back play in "The Cosby Show?"
Cliff's father, Russell Huxtable
What state of Australia is North Melbourne located in?
Victoria
What president pro tempore of the US state senate once spoke as a guest host for the Institute of Education?
Orrin Hatch
Which band was formed first,  Let's Active or The Jesus and Mary Chain?
Let's Active
Who was born first, Philip Glass or Arnold Schoenberg?
Arnold Franz Walter Schoenberg
What state is the US Army installation once commanded by Capt. W. E. Prince in?
Kansas
What actress, born on December 3, 1980, guest starred in the episode "The Fighting Irish" of NBC's television series "30 Rock"?
Anna Chlumsky
 William Preston played a blacksmith in an American epic romantic adventure drama film directed by who? 
Ron Howard
Of which two forms of literature could the work Raghuvansham be classified under?
plays and poetry
how is A.C.O.D. and Adam Scott connected?
film
What district of Montreal was the 1982 Major League Baseball All-Star Game played in?
Hochelaga-Maisonneuve
Who was the partner of Alex Joseph "AJ" Pritchard on the seventh series of "Britain's Got Talent"?
Chloe Hewitt
Who played for more National Football League teams, Billy Truax or Lance Rentzel?
Lance Rentzel
Who has a wider scope of profession, Tori Amos or Shagrath?
Tori Amos
Who is a Scottish singer-songwriter, known both for her work with Fairground Attraction and for an enduring solo career, Eugene Hütz or Eddi Reader ?
Sadenia "Eddi" Reader MBE
Which film was created first, Almost Sunrise or Mysterious Castles of Clay?
Mysterious Castles of Clay
Which species from the deer family move solitarily and are susceptible to the Parelaphostrongylus tenuis parasite?
moose
Making Sandwiches is a short film written and directed by American film star Sandra Bullock, the film also stars which American actor, director, producer, and writer, that first gained notice for his breakout role in the coming-of-age comedy "Dazed and Confused" (1993)?
Matthew David McConaughey
Why is the ethnomusicologist, Bela Viktor Janos Bartok's Piano Concerto No. 2 in G major considered notorious?
is notorious for being one of the most difficult pieces in the repertoire.
What five member group was the co-host of the 19th Emmy Awards a member of along with Frank Sinatra?
Rat Pack
Which nonfiction narrative book by American author Annie Dillard won the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction?
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Radisson Red (stylized as Radisson RED) is an international chain of full service hotels, marketed at millennials, for Radisson Hotels, an international hotel company and a subsidiary of which organization?
Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group
Who produced the movie in which Benjamin Mouton appeared as Mr. Manus?
Michael Douglas and Rick Bieber
Interstate 75 runs from near Williamsburg to Covington by way of which state which has a town to the east of the interstate and was founded in 1786?
Kentucky
What part of the Assabet River National Wildlife Refuge was formerly used as a dumping ground by the Natick Laboratories until the 1980s?
Fort Devens-Sudbury Training Annex
What sport did Scott Draper and Paul Haarhuis both play?
tennis
Which year was the 49th NHL Entry Draft where Emil Molin selected by the Dallas Stars in the 4th round?
2011 NHL Entry Draft
Are Natalia Ginzburg and Andrei Bitov authors from the same country ?
no
When was the English heavy metal band formed in Newcastle which Tony Dolan was bassist and vocalist?
1979
What author of Isaac Asimov's Robot City : Cyborg was inspired by Hugo award winner Isaac Asimov's Robot nad Foundation novels?
William F. Wu.
What state was the rapper, who guest appeared on the Far East Movement's "The Illest," born?
Texas
What is the name of the single released in 1990 by a former member of the indie rock band the Smiths?
Piccadilly Palare
What German-American Contract killer that was a member of Chicago's North Side Gange was a vitvim of the Saint Valentine's Day massacre?
Frank Gusenberg
What member of the South Korean boy band is also in the Television series Black?
Kim Dong-jun
The ship, in which Carey Cash currently serves as Command Chaplain, was commissioned in what year?
1995
Sir David Cunningham of Robertland, in Ayrshire, was Master of Work to the Crown of Scotland from 1602 to 1607, and Surveyor of the King's Works in England from 1604 to 1606, what's the title, and the location near Stewarton, off the B769 road, in the old district of Cunninghame, Parish of Stewarton, and now part of East Ayrshire, Scotland, is called?
Castle and Barony of Robertland
 P.S. I Love You is the 15th episode of the eighth season of what television comedy that premiered in 2012?
How I Met Your Mother
Ullensaker Church is southeast of what international airport?
Oslo Airport
Who was India's No. 1 player in both singles and doubles before their retirement, Frederik Nielsen or Sania Mirza?
Sania Mirza
On what date was Remon van de Hare drafted in the NBA?
June 26, 2003
Which of Maya Forbes written movie was directed by  Peter Cattaneo?
The Rocker
What country of origin does Brita Horn and Charles XIII of Sweden have in common?
Swedish
When was the  Indian businessman who was the managing director of Escorts Group born
18 March 1974
What is Miramax also known as?
Miramax Films
Hulu adaptation based on the Marvel Comics superhero team is called?
Runaways
Sex Tape co-star Ellie Kemper starred in what NBC series?
"The Office"
What film did Kathryn Grayson star in with Frank Sinatra the 4 years before "The Kissing Bandit?"
Anchors Aweigh
What is one of the two main characters from a novel by an Irish avant-garde novelist who wrote in both English and French?
Vladimir
Akihito Kondo is a former pitcher for the highest level of baseball in Japan and is locally often called what?
Puro Yakyū
How many residents are there in the State in which Brush Creek is located ?
over six million
Which Percy Jackson film character was played by actress who starred with Kate Upton in the film "The Layover"?
Annabeth Chase
Q: Relying on État second, writers such as Julio Cortázar are known for founding which literary movement? 
Latin American Boom
James O'Dea is a past president of what American non-profit parapsychological research institute that was founded in 1973?
The Institute of Noetic Sciences
What American actress known for her roles as Lindsay Weir on "Freaks and Geeks" starred in a 2002 American family comedy adventure film directed by Raja Gosnell ?
Linda Edna Cardellini
Which star of The Man Who Knew Too Much was an American actor and military officer?
James Maitland
Which of the following is a genus of flowering plant, Sinofranchetia or Melaleuca?
Sinofranchetia
Who is the professional who is paid to write lyrics and melodies for songs who write the first full-length studio recording from American post-punk band The Soft Moon?
Luis Vasquez
In what country are Tirich Mir and Rakaposhi  mountains located?
Pakistan
Are Lewisia and Zamioculcas both types of plants?
yes
James Tallmadge Jr. served for a district represented by who since 2015?
Kathleen Rice
What channel was Cashin' In with Eric Bolling broadcasted on?
Fox News Channel
What was the Dominator's save percentage during the 1994-95 season?
.930
What is the nationality of the writer of the song "I Knew the Bride"?
English
Which college did Dominique Davis pay at which had satellite buildings in other cities?
Fort Scott Community College
Richard E. Kraus was a United States Marine who was killed during what battle that was codenamed Operation Stalemate II?
The Battle of Peleliu
UFC 195: Lawler vs. Condit was a mixed martial arts event held on January 2, 2016, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, a multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip, in which state?
Nevada
Which form of intercourse that involves the insertion and thrusting of the erect penis into a person's anus is included in the Measure B law?
anal
Which English songwriter was on the judging panel of a 2013 competitive dancing talent show?
Melanie B,
What show is Gorgi Coghlan a co-host of that is produced by a company other than Roving Enterprises?
"The Circle"
Which two forces have come to the aid of South Korea during The Korean War and, especially, The Battle of Pyongyang?
The United Nations, with the United States as the principal force
Which has more restaurants, Grimaldi's Pizzeria or Zpizza?
Grimaldi's Pizzeria
Grenfell Street, is a major street in the north-east quarter of the centre of the city of Adelaide, the street runs west-east starting from King William Street, part of a major arterial road that traverses the CBD and centre of Adelaide, and the capital of which location?
South Australia
To whom did this Egyptian business magnate whose life was described in Tom Bower's work sell his ownership of Fulham F.C. in 2013?
Shahid Khan
What manufacturing company in Kokomo Indiana prospered during the first world war?
Delco Electronics
Who was first seen in "Making the Band 2" and continued on to host a reality show focused on taking 14 young men and teaching them how to be gentlemen?
Fonzworth Bentley
Is Ohio State University or Baylor University a private college?
Baylor University
What do Timex Sinclair 2048 and IBM PCjr have in common?
computer
Uptown Rulers: The Meters live on the Queen Mary was recorded on a ship that was built by whom?
John Brown & Company
The Sukhoi Superjet 130 will compete with the jets made by the company from what country?
Canadian
When was the record label founded that released Ashanti's debut album 'Ashanti'?
1997
Where is the company that originally manufactured 100% Bran headquartered?
East Hanover, New Jersey
What product does QST and Entrepreneur supply?
magazine
Which game, Sentinels of the Multiverse or Mutant Meeples, was inspired by Richochet Robots?
Mutant Meeples
What is the real name of the actress in American Satan who is a pornographic actress?
Michelle Chapman
Battle of the Sexes is a 2017 American biographical sports film, directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, the film includes which English stage and film actress, born on 20 November 1981?
Andrea Louise Riseborough
What was the name of the manager of both Billy J. Kramer and an English rock  band formed in Liverpool in 1960?
Brian Epstein
American Ultra starred which Ruthless People actor?
William James "Bill" Pullman
Are Samuel Beckett and Will Durant both writers?
yes
Which state does the "World of the Lupi" author live in?
Texas
The "Kung Fu Panda" franchise from DreamWorks Animation consists of three films, three shorts, one of them being, Secrets of the Furious Five, an American animated short produced by DreamWorks Animation, which serves as a semi-sequel or spin-off to the animated feature film, now available as a separate DVD as of which date?
March 24, 2009
Park Sung-woong, is a South Korean actor, Park has starred in several movies and television series, notably as a serial killer in The Deal , a South Korean crime thriller film, directed by Son Yong-ho, released in what year?
2015
What type of category does Plantago and Matteuccia have in common?
genus
Did Roberto Rossellini or Edward Dmytryk receive more Oscar nominations?
Edward Dmytryk
Are Meizhou and Tacheng located in the same country?
yes
What Iranian professional basketball player for Niroo Zamini Army of the Iranian Basketball Super League was picked 54th during last draft for the Charlotte Bobcats under their old name?
Arsalan Kazemi
Who is the publisher of the American comic books for which Aaron Schoenke is best known as a cinematographer?
DC Comics
Was Missio or Cute Is What We Aim For formed first?
Cute Is What We Aim For
What brewing company was founded first, Shipyard Brewing Company or Sea Dog Brewing Company?
Sea Dog Brewing Company
Jane Henschel, born on which date, is an American operatic mezzo soprano, a mezzo-soprano or mezzo, a type of classical female singing voice whose vocal range lies between the soprano and the contralto voice types?
2 March 1952
WikiLeaks-related Twitter court orders resulted in a subpoena for the computer programmer who is of what nationality?
Australian
Fort Crailo is located in a city with a population of what? 
9,392
Redd Rockett's Pizza Port is a restaurant located at Tomorrowland of Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, it replaced the former Mission to Mars attraction, the attraction was adapted into a film by a Disney Studio production company, Touchstone Pictures, in which year?
2000
Williamsport, Arizona is on the bank of one of the  principal rivers of the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico that is how long
1450 mi
In which city was NHL Entry Draft held when Stefan Noesen was a first round selection ?  
St. Paul, Minnesota.
The actress who is featured in "Heartland" has won three medals at the Paralympic Games competing on what team?
Canadian Equestrian Team
Which female artist collaborated Pharrell Williams on G I R L and won multiple Grammy awards in 2005?
Alicia Keys
The director of You've Got Mail won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for what film?
"When Harry Met Sally..."
What is the birthday of the writer of the game series whose first game was "Onikakushi-hen"?
February 14
The album, Fearless, released on November 11, 2008, by an independent American record label specializing in country and pop artists was written by what artist?
Taylor Swift
Who was a Hungarian-American mathematician, physicist, and computer scientist that helped introduce a technique for using unbounded operators to study modules generated by a single vector?
John von Neumann
Which university provides centralized administration for four universities, University of Missouri System or University of Pittsburgh?
University of Missouri System
Carl Akeley contributed photos to the museum located in the Upper West Side of which city?
Manhattan
What type of bands are Saosin and One Ok Rock?
rock
Just Tell Me What You Want is a 1980 American comedy film, directed by Sidney Lumet, stars include in it, is which American actor and comedian known for his biting wit and often angry humorous rants, and became well known as a Jewish comedian and satirist?
Alan King
 "The First" is the first Japanese studio album by South Korean boy group Shinee, a South Korean boy group formed by S.M. Entertainment what year?
in 2008
Who has a longer name, Louise Erdrich or Mario Benedetti
Mario Orlando Hardy Hamlet Brenno Benedetti Farrugia
Which dog breed, Cirneco dell'Etna or Flat-Coated Retriever, is primarily built for endurance over harsh terrain?
Cirneco dell'Etna
EverTrust Bank is headquartered in which major regional shopping center in the City of Industry, California?
Puente Hills Mall
The Parliament of South Australia is located in the building on the corner of what roads?
North Terrace and King William Road
How many floors does the tower have that houses The Shops at Prudential Center?
52
Which American composer provided music for the musical ‘Something More!’?
Sammy Fain
What nationality is the founder of the group Reindeer Section?
Northern Irish
Which star of the film Tamango was nominated for a Gold Globe Award in 1959 ?
Dorothy Jean Dandridge
How tall is the building that houses the Hilton Manchester Deansgate hotel?
554 ft
Of the two films, Coraline or Summer Wars, which was written by Henry Selick?
Coraline
The Ewing family is the core family of a soap opera that aired on which channel ?
CBS
The movie "The Lady in White" is based off of the legend of a White Lady which is most famous where?
Rochester, New York
In what town located 406km north of Sydney, did Catherine Driscoll grow up?
Wauchope, New South Wales
Which film director won an oscar Dziga Vertov or Robert Benton?
Robert Douglas Benton
What is the playing grown of the team Fredrick Peter Hinds is on loan from?
Ashton Gate
Are both Gongzhuling and Qingzhen located in the same province ?
no
where did the  modernist movement, which  Bernard Lorjou was its franch painter originated 
Germany
Which band was formed first, White Zombie or Frightened Rabbit?
White Zombie
Which genus contains more species, Asarina or Wigandia?
Wigandia
The Canton Creek Shelter was built by a government program that had whom as its first director?
Robert Fechner
What fashion designer provided designs worn by an actor who also played Sam Seaborn on "The West Wing?"
Monica Moss
In what country did Vida Nsiah finish fifth in the 100 metres and sixth in the 200 metres?
Malaysia
What school was attended by a teammate of someone drafted by the Chicago Bears?
St. Louis School in Honolulu
Who has released more albums and EPs, Fall Out Boy or Mayday Parade?
Mayday Parade
Which actress played both in the films Encino Man and See Girl Run? Robin Tunney
Robin Tunney
Campbell Live included an interview with an American singer who sold how many albums since 2009?
over 3 million
Kim Young-kwang starred in which 2014 teen romantic comedy film?
Hot Young Bloods
Kerry S. Walters is a professor at the private liberal arts college in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in what field?
Philosophy
who was born on August 26 1968 and has won the British National Hii Climb Championship, along with many other races?
Christopher Miles Boardman
When was the book published that made into a play where Marguerite MacIntyre starred in regional versions?
1953
Are Callistephus and Epacris native to the same area of the world ?
no
What Academy Award did Walter Thomas Huston won in a 1948 American dramatic adventurous neo-western?
Best Supporting Actor
The Yup'ik or Yupiaq, etc, are are the indigenous peoples who have traditionally inhabited the northern circumpolar region from eastern Siberia (Russia), across Alaska (United States), Canada, and Greenland, people of western and southwestern Alaska, the people are traditionally called?
Eskimo
What was the nickname of the winner of the Men's Singles title during the 1998 Wimbledon Championships?
"Pistol Pete"
Who owns the radio station in Boston which has a transmitter on top of a building designed by Charles Luckman and Associates for Prudential Insurance?
the Beasley Broadcast Group
Where was the movie filmed that Simon Curtis played Royce Du Lac in?
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Gloria Material Technology Corp. includes what steel grade that has a cubic austenitic structure?
Superalloy
Which member of the Legion of Boom was drafted by the Seahawks in 2010 and later assisted with their first Super Bowl victory?
Earl Thomas
The New Creek, encompasses 2220 acres on the East Shore of Staten Island, New York, and is fed by natural spirngs that were once used by which indigenous people of the Northeastern Woodlands?
Lenape
Did Chernobyl Heart or The Story of Stuff win an Academy Award?
Chernobyl Heart
Who is Adnan Akmal's brother that was born 26 May 1990?
Umar Akmal
Are Tampa International Airport and King Salmon Airport both located in the U?
yes
The Rotor is an amusement park ride that first demonstrated during a festival held in what city?
Munich
When was the album, which contained the song "Look What You Made Me Do," released?
November 10, 2017
The Genesis G80 is an executive sedan manufactured by a company that was founded in what year?
1967
Did Brown v. Board of Education or Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins deal with racism?
Brown v. Board of Education
God Bless Tiny Tim is the first album by a singer that died in what year?
1996
Which band is from Berkeley, California, White Zombie or Counting Crows?
Counting Crows
Who is both the author of "A Treatise on the Fundamental Principles of Violin Playing" as well as the father of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
Leopold Mozart
When was Hotline Bling released as part of an album?
April 29, 2016,
Speak now is Taylor Swifts third studio album and follow up to to an album in which she mader her debut as a what?
record producer
When was American modern dancer and choreographer who danced Danza born 
May 11, 1894
What radio program did the author of The Coming Global Superstorm host?
"Coast to Coast AM"
are Northwestern University and University of Florida in the same country
yes
In which Maine county is Fort Pownall located?
Waldo County, Maine
Richard Cumberland wrote plays that involved a process called what?
Colonialism
What was the author of Blow-Up and Other Stories known as the founder of?
Latin American Boom
Fumio Demura was a stunt double for which actor who portrayed the 'Emperor of China" in the animated film "Mulan"?
Pat Morita
Lynn McGruder attended college in what town?
Norman
André Téchiné and Ryuhei Kitamura, share which industry?
filmmaker
The Hera Borghese is a type of sculpture of Hera named after the owners of its archetype, the Borghese, one example is at the Castello Aragonese Museum at Baiae, was an ancient Roman town situated on the northwest shore of the Gulf of Naples, and now in the "comune", of which location?
Bacoli
Sinan Bytyqi plays for a club represented at what level?
Reserve level
Do both Dregea and Hepatica belong to the taxonomic category of genus?
yes
Slaves consists of a lead vocalist formerly of what post hardcore band?
Emarosa
Which 1956 American drama film was Albert Akst nominated for an Academy Award on?
Somebody Up There Likes Me
Which monument in Oberndorf bei Salzburg is dedicated to a Christmas carol that Franz Xaver Gruber is best known for composing? 
The Silent Night Chapel
What American country music singer and songwriter from Rossville, Georgia, worked with Julian King, a Grammy Award-winning recording engineer, mix engineer, record producer and musician based in Nashville, Tennessee?
Lauren Alaina
Where was the rock band the star of "Her Name is Nicole" played alongside from?
Charlestown, Indiana
Who was an Australian actress who starred in "A Little Thing Called Murder"?
Judy Davis
Which  private university located in Laie, Hawaii, did The BYU–Hawaii Seasiders men's basketball team represent 
Brigham Young University–Hawaii
Epsilon Piscium lies in a constellation whose name is the Latin plural of what word?
fish
Which player featured in the film "Blue Chips" is now the assistant general manager for the New York Nicks?
Allan Houston
Who signed the Enforcement Act of 1871 and served as Commaning General of the US Army at the end of the American Civil War?
Ulysses S. Grant
Who is the voice actor for the Beast in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast"?
Robby Benson
Encounter Books draws it names from a magazine founded in what year?
1953
What type of music do Freddie Hart and Earl Poole Ball both write?
Country
What is the full title of the governing body for Formula One and lower level of national motorsports including Italian Formula 4?
Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile
Are both the Aglaonema and Alstonia genus of plants evergreen?
yes
 Harold Stuart was born in a city in what region?
North Yorkshire, England
On the first Friday in September, The Adelaide suburb of Wayville hosts the state's biggest event. What is the event?
Royal Adelaide Show
Tina Charles and Maya Moore were teammates on the UConn women's team that won championships in what years?
2009 and 2010
The Mauricio Báez Bridge is 40km east of the capital of what country?
Dominican Republic
Who was born first, Trey Parker or Richard Fleischer?
Richard O. Fleischer
which sport is played by both Tracy Austin and Sébastien Lareau?
Tennis
The star of the series "Gloria" also did voice acting for which Disney animated series?
TaleSpin
Mount Root is named for what American lawyer and statesman who served as the Secretary of State under President Theodore Roosevelt and as Secretary of War under Roosevelt and President William McKinley?
Elihu Root
In which movie in 1983 did this American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter who appeared in "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992) and "Paris Trout" (1991) star?
The Right Stuff
What American historian, playwrite, and social activist followed Paul Metcalf's prose?
Howard Zinn
When was the  South Korean singer-songwriter  who is a member of , 2PM born 
January 25, 1990
Jo Nesbø primary known for writing about a particular detective, who is it critic liken his personality to? 
Critics liken the personality of Harry Hole to those of the famous literary detectives: Sherlock Holmes, Hercule Poirot, Jules Maigret, and Nero Wolfe.
What city in  Suffolk County in Nw York that houses a subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev?
Patchogue
Fran Brill is best known for her roles in Sesame Street and as Lily Marvin in which Frank Oz film?
What About Bob?
Where does the river on which the United States' largest reservoir is located originate?
the central Rocky Mountains
Vertic A/S is a Danish digital marketing and advertising agency, clients include which Danish multinational pharmaceutical company?
Novo Nordisk
Which person born on March 23, 1902 did George Roby Dempster have political battles with?
Cas Walker
What is the name of this provincial capital and the largest city of Liaoning Province, People's Republic of China, that developed SIASUN UAV?
Shenyang
La vendedora de rosas is a film loosely based on a short story about a dying child's what?
dreams and hope
The Xar file format is from a company founded in what year?
1981
Are Glenn Cooper and Roger Zelazny both writers?
yes
What actress has roles in both The King of Blaze, The Warring States, and The Great Wall?
Jing Tian
Joy Wants Eternity is a five piece post-rock band from which city, it can be surmised that the name of the band is a reference to the philosophical poem Zarathustra's roundelay of Friedrich Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra?
Seattle
Both Netto Marken-Discount and the supermarket corporation holding a market share of 26 percent are in what country?
German
In which year did Aimé Césaire publish her work, which was a response to Shakespeare's play "The Tempest?"
1969
What is the name of this semi-mature tide-dominated drowned valley estuary from where Bungaree, an Aboriginal Australian, originated?
Broken Bay
What is the name of the simulated slot car type dark ride attraction in Cars Land at Disney California Adventure?
Radiator Springs Racers
In what year was the competition held that inspired the design of the only acknowledged aircraft that can carry large air-to-surface standoff weapons in stealth configuration?
1979
What provinces comprise the area where the 1944 San Juan earthquake took place?
San Juan, San Luis and Mendoza
Who is the Director of the National Museum located at the air force base located east of Dayton, Ohio?
John L. "Jack" Hudson
FC Porto followed up its UEFA Champions League victory with a chaotic season, following the departure of which coach, new signings include a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş and Képler Laveran Lima Ferreira, commonly known as Pepe, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş and the Portugal national team as a central defender?
José Mourinho
Abraham Lincoln Neiman's first wife was born on what date?
May 3, 1883
 Second String had a character named Chuck Dichter portrayed by which American actor born on December 29,1938? 
Jon Voight
Are Monte Hellman and John G. Blystone both american writers?
no
Which band has more members, Wax on Radio, or Hollywood Undead?
Hollywood Undead
Who was the American business executive and the eighth Secretary of Defense, who surrounded himself with the group of experts called Whiz Kids?
Robert McNamara
You're the Greatest, Charlie Brown is a tv special based on the comic strip "Peanuts" by which American cartoonist?
Charles Monroe Schulz
The Lafayette Artillery Company is headquartered at which town in Hillsborough County in the United States?
Lyndeborough, New Hampshire
What show is the quarterback on the 1976 Steelers a co-host on?
Fox NFL Sunday
who was one of the essayist influenced by Tatler and who co-authored several pieces with his sister Mary Lamb?
Charles Lamb
Jenny Eck was the Montana state director for the presidential campaign of a woman born in what year?
1947
Thornton Freeland and Mary Ayubi, both work in which mutual industry?
film
For which TV network C. H. Greenblatt created the American animated television series for which he is best known for?
Cartoon Network
In which industry did female composers Shirley Walker and Suzanne Ciani earn a solo score credit, the latter having found success with innovative electronic music?
film industry
Swiss actor Vincent Pérez starred in what 1994 French cinema film directed by Patrice Chéreau?
La Reine Margot
Which national milk marketing cooperative owned by nearly 15,000 dairy farmer-members makes a brand of butter whos anem is derived from the French phrase "plus gras"?
Dairy Farmers of America
Carloman of Bavaria was the eldest grandson of what descendant of Charlemagne?
Louis II
how is Bart to the Future and Ralph Wiggum related?
animated
The actress who played Caramel McQueen in the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks" also has what other careers?
model and yoga teacher
David Della Rocco had a supporting role in this 1999 American vigilante action film written and directed by who
Troy Duffy
Who has written more books, Adrienne Barbeau or John Dolmayan?
Adrienne Jo Barbeau
Are Anaïs Lameche and Alex Turner both in the same line of work?
yes
Who was a British film director who worked for Hammer Films, Terence Fisher or Bruce Dellis ?
Terence Fisher
What country does Vancouver Animation School and Granville Islandhave in common?
Canada
Who owns the sister publication of the publication for which Leander Kahney was managing editor and senior reporter?
Condé Nast
Which masonry structures are are located along the Nile?
Egyptian pyramids
Who directed the 2007 comedy film starring the actress who played Marion Crane in Psycho, as well as Sean Astin?
Mars Callahan
Which two-door, two-seater sports car manufactured by Nissan Motors from 2002 to 2009 won the 2009 Formula D season with Chris Forsberg driving?
The Nissan 350Z
What is the real name of the rapper who featured 50 Cent on her song "Magic Stick?
Kimberly Denise Jones
The Mullin Automotive Museum holds a large collection of vintage models of which car make that includes the Type 41 "Royale" model?
Bugatti
The 71st annual Venice International Film Festival took place in Venice, Italy between which dates, "The Look of Silence" won the Silver Lion Grand Jury Prize?
27 August to 6 September 2014
The composer of Wedding in Malinovka was the second head of what organization?
Alexandrov Ensemble
Which Canadian professional ice hockey forward was traded by Calgary for Kenneth Tyler "Ken" Agostino?
Jarome Iginla
What was the first album of the one of the singers which has worked with Ryan Freeland?
Slow the Rain
Were both the New England Offering and Smith's Magazine published in the 19th century?
no
Jerry Scoggins sang what that was written and composed by Paul Henning, and sung by Jerry Scoggins, who was accompanied by bluegrass musicians Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs?
The Ballad of Jed Clampett
What was the 2010 population of the town attacked by John W. Reid in August 1856?
4,447
Strong Arms of the Ma is the 300th episode to be broadcast though this episode was indicated on-screen to be the 300th episode and aired on what day?
February 16, 2003
This work that precedes Igor Stravinsky's Cantana is composed of how many acts?
three
What ocean is home of the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain and Kure Atoll?
the Pacific Ocean
What British show is the author is Instruments of Darkness most known for as an actor?
The Famous Five
Whose assassination did the son of Yusupov Palace participate in?
Grigori Rasputin
What type of periodical is Boys' Life and Mothering?
magazine
Who was the founder of the colony of Georgia that commanded the Oglethorpe's Regiment?
James Oglethorpe
Upwords and Codenames are both types of what?
board game
Vladimir Filatov is credited with restoring the sight of which Soviet sniper?
Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev
What former call girl and madam had her memoir adapted to a film directed by Nicholas Sgarro?
Xaviera Hollander
Esurance Insurance Services, Inc. is an American insurance company, its primary competitors are other direct personal insurance writers, mainly GEICO and the Progressive Corporation is one of the largest providers of car insurance, in which country?
United States
What role did Kurt McKinney play in the 1986 American martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen?
Jason Stillwell
What nationality was the player who along with Mario Melchior scored in the 2000 FA Charity Shield ? 
Dutch
Who was the father of the author that wrote Little Women?
Amos Bronson Alcott
What British romantic comedy written and directed by Kenneth Branagh included Ann Cuerton Davies as an actor?
In the Bleak Midwinter
Who was the Master of Ceremonies, Bert Newton or Michael Joseph Farrell, Jr?
Bert Newton
What date in 2004 did a Scuba Duba star die on?
December 28
Anaconda heavily samples the song from what Sir Mix-a-Lot album?
Mack Daddy
What actor in the movie Chocolat is the grandson of Charlie Chaplin?
Charlie Chaplin
What profession did Greg Mottola and Paul Czinner have in common?
film director
are Jeff Buckley and Seaweed from the same country
yes
Which countries has the host of the BBC Two comedy panel show, Dara Ó Briain, had pieces published in national papers?
Britain and Ireland
What is the name of this third studio alblum by an American singer, released in November 2008, that contains the song "If I Were a Boy"?
I Am... Sasha Fierce
 Christoph Hegendorff, of Leipzig, was a Protestant theological scholar and expert of law, an educator and a great, public admirer of which Dutch Renaissance humanist?
Erasmus
Decima best known for its use in  an action role-playing video game released in early 2017, is a what?
a proprietary game engine
Are Alan Mak and Charles Maigne of the same nationality?
no
What was the name of the Infantry that was commanded by a Senator who was know as Jim Lane?
the 3rd Indiana Volunteer Infantry
What role did this Australian actor, who appeared in Empire State, play in the the soap opera "Neighbours?"
Josh Taylor
What is the name of a recent executive order that would be opposed by Blair Amani?
Executive Order 13769
Under which record company did "Badmotorfinger" re-release their hit song "Room a Thousand Years Wide? 
A&M Records
The Corrective Movement, also referred to as the Corrective Revolution, was a political movement in Syria, initiated by a coup d'état, led by General Hafez al-Assad, on which date, he was a Syrian statesman, politician, and general who was President of Syria from 1971 to 2000?
13 November 1970
Jesus or a Gun is a song by the rock band formed in what year?
1994
What is the area of this region of Central Europe located mostly in Poland, in which Złotniki Lubańskie was formerly part of the historic Upper Lusatia region at its border?
40,000 km2
What Walker, Michigan based company also anchors a mall located in Southfield Michigan?
Meijer
Who is the father of an American writer who denied paternity and who's mother s an American painter and writer who wrote the autobiography "The Bite in the Apple" ?
Steve Jobs
Who did the 1982 Academy Award winner that played Gandhi costar with in the 1999 film Confession?
Alec Baldwin
What river is nearby Gorky Park?
Moskva River
Trisha Silvers' husband played for what football club?
Melbourne Football Club
When was the American astronomer who made a research work on Holmdel Horn Antenna born? 
January 10, 1936
Who directed the 2009 film Whip It starring Ari Graynor?
Drew Barrymore
 Michael Brandon's theater credits include playing a British-American who hosted a tabloid talk show that debuted in what year?
1991
What date did the American actress and singer-songwriter, known for her role as Peggy Bundy, release her first album?
April 19, 1994
Which author Toni Lopopolo helped publicize continues to be referenced in the "Guinness World Records" for the most novels published in a single year in 1976?
Barbara Cartland
Is the Shikoku breed of dog or the German Longhaired Pointer breed of dog used as a multipurpose gundog?
The German longhaired pointer
Which coach represented the University of Tulsa and served as quarterbacks coach?
Steve Kragthorpe
What is the full name of one of the double agents who met Russian handlers at St Ermin's Hotel in London?
Kim Philby
Which grunge and punk singer appeared in "Sid and Nancy", the 1986 film about Sid Vicious?
Courtney Love
What was the working title to the 1965 MGM British comedy adventure film which featured the actor who played Colonel Kurt Von Strohm in "Allo 'Allo!"?
"Passport to Oblivion"
When did the bombing event that was marked in a special program of The Late Late Tribute Shows six months later occur?
15 August 1998
Marina Petrella  is a former member of the Red Brigades that operated during which an era known as what ?
Years of Lead
What Australian footballer born in August 1983 scored 2 goals in the final game of the 2004-05 Scottish Premier League?
Scott McDonald
The Old Bushmills Distillery, which is now owned by Jose Cuervo, is located where?
Bushmills, County Antrim, Northern Ireland
What is an American retired professional basketball player toured with LaVar Walker?
Shaquille O'Neal
The messaging app that is an acronym for "Searchable Log of All Conversation and Knowledge" was founded by a business of what descent?
Polish
What collegiate football conference started in July 1999, and was home to the winners of the 2011 Rose Bowl?
Mountain West Conference
What is the birthdate of this American actor, model, and director, who played on "Lost" and was honored with a Genesis Award?
December 8, 1978
Which magazine, Marie Claire or The Lady's Realm, is an international monthly magazine?
Marie Claire
What city did the key suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks work in?
Frederick, Maryland
When did a Danish and American comedian, conductor, and pianist died who hadgreat popularity in radio and television in the United States and Europe in 1950s?
23 December 2000
What was the original name of the opera diva dame that the Melba Memorial Conservatorium was named after?
Helen Porter Mitchell
Which golden globe winning actor played in Til There Was You?
Jennifer Aniston
In what body of water is the small island where Ahdeya Ahmed lives?
Persian Gulf
What nationwide personal injury law firm was founded by the man who created and built Alcatraz East?
Morgan & Morgan
Senegalese professional footballer, Abdoulaye Fall, plays for what Spanish football team founded in 2007?
Extremadura UD
What is the birthdate of this English television, radio, and stage actress, who starred in Barrymore Plus Four?
19 April 1950
Which American attorney changed the official control of the Alamo from the Daughters of the Republic of Texas to the Texas General Land Office?
George P. Bush
What county was William MacKendree from?
Fulton County
EqualityMaine was founded after the death that took place in what Maine city?
Bangor
What film director lived longer, Bernhard Wicki or Vladimir Danilevich?
Bernhard Wicki
Bright Lights Bigger City is a single that was covered by the Treblemakers in the 2012 comedy film written by whom?
Kay Cannon
Was Sándor Márai or Joan Didion best known for their literary journalism?
Joan Didion
When was the author of the novel "Fires of Winter", born?
March 10, 1952
Love stars which Taiwanese actress and model?
Shu Qi
What do Bruno Mattei and Andrés Wood have in common?
film director
Where did the captain of the winning FA Cup team from 1982-83 start his career?
West Bromwich Albion
Regeneration: Volume I & II is a compilation album that includes two covers from an American rock supergroup formed in what year?
1989
A version of "Over the Hills and Far Away" appears in an opera with music arranged by who?
Johann Christoph Pepusch
Which band whose co-founder was later a keyboardist for the Beach Boys, had a song which reached #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100?
King Harvest
 Who is Spanish Federico García Lorca or Alexander Blok?
Federico García Lorca
Q: What town is the one of the ten districts in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana and the capital of Ga East district? A: Abokobi
Abokobi
What event in 1170 may have caused the creation of 5,000 km2 large shallow bay of the North Sea in the northwest of the Netherlands?
All Saints' Flood
What was the middle name of the General who commanded the US forces at the Battle of Fort Driant ? 
Smith
What company later acquired one of the magazines Tully Jensen was featured in?
Condé Nast Publications
Hotel Mumbai stars which Iranian born British-American?
Nazanin Boniadi
Who starred in the last film by Jed Johnson's lover?
Carroll Baker, Perry King and Susan Tyrrell
Ursa Minor is one of the constellations based upon what?
asterisms
Of the founding members of the country rock group, Great Speckled Bird, who was primarily known for his work as a pedal steel guitarist?
Ben Keith
What 2012 American musical drama television series, produced by R. J. Cutler, has a discography where all of the actors who portray singing characters perform their own vocals?
Nashville
The Four Winds hat is worn by people who live in what three countries?
Norway, Sweden and Finland
Numerous interpretations of Noah's Ark have been built and proposed, some based on a chest like structure with rectangular sides and other reconstructions which give it a rounded bow and stern; a prime example of the latter is located in the Christian evangelical and fundamentalist theme park known as 'Ark Encounter' situated in which state?
Kentucky
 The Göttingen Seven included what professor born on October 24 1804?
Wilhelm Eduard Weber
Who is older, Sandy Mayer or Stefan Edberg?
Alexander "Sandy" Mayer
what agency do both Léopold Eyharts and Dirk Frimout work for?
European Space Agency
Who wrote and performed as a duo with her sister Anna McGarrigle, and wrote "Proserpina", the album's first single?
Kate McGarrigle
What Derby born actor portrays James Cook in the series "Skins"?
Jack O'Connell
Miami International Mall is only a half mile from a larger outlet mall in what city?
Sweetwater
Whom has performed in more bands, Randy Blythe or Sharleen Spiteri? 
David Randall "Randy" Blythe
Why I Am an Atheist was written by the revolutionary who was executed at what age?
23
What date did the show premier on that Jacob Bertrand is known for playing the titular character?
October 20, 2014
Johanna Maria Lind inspired what fairy tale? 
The Nightingale
What was the genre of the film "The People Under the Stairs" that American actor Everett McGill, born in 1945, played in?
horror
Who was born first, Kenneth Wolstenholme or Geoff Hurst?
Kenneth Wolstenholme
In which state is this team in the National Basketball League, for which Ife Holmes played in the 1930s, located?
Indiana
The 2011 Pittsburgh Panthers football team played eight games at the home field of which NFL team?
Pittsburgh Steelers
Which American film was released in 2015, Maleficent or Monkey Kingdom?
Monkey Kingdom
Which Australian home of Sacred Heart College is also the childhood home of Craig Lahiff? 
Somerton Park
What town does Speonk and Speonk, New York have in common?
Southampton
What city is the Tour of the Universe ride located in?
Toronto
The 15:17 to Paris was based on an autobiography about a man who stopped a gunman on a Paris-bound train on what date?
August 2015
The Australian Soap in which Jansen Spencer played Paul McClain was first broadcast in what year?
1985
Who wrote the 1998 French action-comedy film starring Samy Naceri, Frédéric Diefenthal and Marion Cotillard that is the base for the show that is a French-American action-comedy police procedural television series,?
Luc Besson
Which comedy duo included a singer who contributed to "Vera Lynn 100"?
Armstrong and Miller
What is the fourth studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar
Damn
Which prison-drama series is the actor who once played Luke Handley in  the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" appearing in now?
Wentworth
Love My Way was a song by which London-based rock band?
The Psychedelic Furs
Gary Anthony Williams voices the character Uncle Ruckus on an animated sitcom that appears on what network?
Adult Swim
Hermine Kittel (December 2, 1879 – April 7, 1948) was an Austrian contralto from Vienna, she later premiered in a revision of "Ariadne auf Naxos", an opera by Richard Strauss, with a German libretto by who?
Hugo von Hofmannsthal
Ha Jung-woo made a directorial appearance in what 2015 South Korean film adaptation of a novel by Yu Hua?
Chronicle of a Blood Merchant
What cornerback was re-acquired by the 2015 New York Jets along with a cornerback who had also played for the Arizona Cardinals, New York Jets and Indianapolis Colts?
Darrelle Revis
Bob Saget had a role on this Netflix sequel that starred the entire original cast with the exception of who
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen
It's a Jungle is an EP by a band that had how many "Billboard" Top 40 hits between 1969 and 1975?
21
Who did the U.S. Representative for New York 's 19 congressional district since January 3, 2017 run against in the 2002 New York Comptroller election?
Alan G. Hevesi
Who is best known as the lead singer of the 1980s new wave music group Altered Images, Clare Grogan or Chris Daughtry?
Claire Patricia Grogan
Johan Björnsson Printz was the governor of a colony that was establoshed during what war?
Thirty Years' War
Are Crazy English and The Tree That Remembers both animated features?
no
What brand of caffeinated root beer took over popularity and ended Ramblin' Root Beer's popularity?
Barq's
Eric McCormack from the TV series Perception and Will & Grace also appears in which sci-fi series?
Travelers
What is the name of the former Hong Kong professional football player and current assistant coach at Eastern?
Wong Chin Hung
Which of the band artist Sleeping with Sirens or Augie March released more albums during their careers?
Sleeping with Sirens
La La Land is a 2016 American musical romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle, it stars Ryan Gosling as a jazz pianist and which American actress, played an aspiring actress, who meet and fall in love in Los Angeles while pursuing their dreams?
Emily Jean Stone
What was the official communication including over 100 emails which contained classified information which was investigated by the 7th director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation?
Hillary Clinton email controversy
Which is found in Japan, Emmenopterys or Nipponanthemum?
Nipponanthemum
The host of "Next Great Baker: Latin America" is the owner of what bakery?
Carlo's Bakery
which American musician, best known as a member of the Nashville-based duo Florida Georgia Line was part of those who started Tree Vibez Music
Tyler Reed Hubbard
Which 2001 French romantic comedy film starred Mathieu Kassovitz as Nino Quincampoix?
Amélie
What was the only Spanish colony in the african region that includes Somalia, Djibouti, and Comoros?
Equatorial Guinea
Which Danish musician, songwriter, actor, and record producer whose father and grandfather are tennis players wrote the song "Fuel?"
Lars Ulrich
Groups like the Kanatsiohareke call North America what other name?
Turtle Island
What item of acievement does Sweden men's national inline hockey team and Henrik Lundqvist have in common?
medal
What is the miles of road which Kirkby la Thorpe village is near the start of 
62 miles
The Crackpot index was proposed by what mathematical physicist from the University of California, Riverside?
John Carlos Baez
Hermoine Isla Conyngham appeared in what British-American crime drama mystery film, that was directed by Bill Condon?
Mr. Holmes
Seventh Void's debut album was released on the record label of a former member, and co-founder, of what heavy metal band?
Pantera
Sam Pinkelton has worked on choreographing several musicals including which 2017 musical based on a 2001 romantic comedy film?
Amélie
Are K6 and Trivor on different continents?
no
What was the release date for the hockey video game that featured the Swedish former NHL defenceman who played for the Detroit Red Wing for 20 years on its cover?
October 2, 2007
Which company has employed both Jeff Bonforte and Marissa Mayer?
Yahoo!
Mary Queen of Shops was presented by a lady that was born in what year?
1960
The Cyrtanthus and Maackia belong to which taxanomic category?
genus
Who wrote the song first recorded in 1996 that appeared on the Dixie Chicks sixth album?
Bruce Robison
Which place lies 100 miles north-east of London and the home of a band active in 2001?
Norwich
Which country entered an armistice in 1943 with the Balkan country which Hermann Neubacher served as a foreign ministry official of?
Italy
Who is the Mother of Tshekedi Khama II?
Ruth Williams Khama
Were the Pecom 32 and the Apple I both produced before 1990?
yes
What is the full name of the drum machine used in songs such as "I'll Kiss It Away" by Sarah Connor?
The Roland TR-808 Rhythm Composer
Billy The Rabbit was release by an author from what country?
an Australian
 The 2008–09 Copa del Rey final was held at a football stadium which as a seating capacity of what?
49,500
Larry Fessenden directed "Beneath" (2013) and starred in what 2011 American slasher film?
You're Next
Horace Grant is what nationality?
American
Who designed the ride which was installed following the removal of Mill Race  ?
Bolliger & Mabillard
Which Emmy Award-nominated actress actress stars in Poor Little Rich Girl?
Farrah Fawcett
What year was the album Hitchin' a Ride is on released?
1997
The Ribes glandulosum can be found in several places the United States, including a mountain range formed approximately how many years ago?
480 million
Did William Studeman or Robert James Woolsey Junior serve in the Central Intelligence Agency under George Bush and Bill Clinton?
William Oliver "Bill" Studeman
Happy Feet Two features an English-Australian film and stage actor who played what role in The Matrix trilogy?
Agent Smith
Has both The Panama Deception and We Come as Friends won any awards?
yes
Which "Lafangey Parindey" actor has received three Filmfare Awards?
Deepika Padukone
What was the population of the islands that Eyðgunn Samuelsen teaches about in April 2017?
50,030
The Voice UK was co-presented by which English disc jockey?
Marvin Richard James Humes
Matt Hannaford is an MLBPA certified sports agent and partner at MVP Sports Group, along with partner Dan Lozano, he represents some of the games biggest names in baseball, including Joshua Adam Donaldson, an American professional baseball third baseman for the Toronto Blue Jays of which organization?
Major League Baseball (MLB)
Gerald Davis was defeated by the independent candidate in 2010 from what Cumberland County town?
Yarmouth
Which building is still under construction, 30 Hudson Yards or the New York World Building?
30 Hudson Yards
Which former tennis player is Australian, Geoff Masters or Eugenia Maniokova?
Geoff Masters
What fast food restaurant chain specalizing in chicken sandwiches has a football Bowl game named after it?
Chick-fil-A
Amazon Prime Air is a cargo airline that contracts through Air Transport International, Atlas Air, and  ABX Air, a cargo airline formerly known as what?
Airborne Express
Tony Schiavone and Jim Ross are both known as play-by-play commentators for what sport?
professional wrestling
Vano "Ivan" Anastasovich's uncle designed what?
MiG military aircraft
Young Frankenstein included the actress and comedian who has won how many Primetime Emmy Awards over her 7-decade career?
eight
In what city is E.J. Singler's team based?
Mississauga, Ontario
Laura Fermi's husband won a Nobel Prize in Physics in what year?
1938
Betty White portrayed Rose Nyland on American television comedy series The Golden Girls on NBC and what spin-off on CBS?
The Golden Palace
On which anniversary of a march that was hold in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday, August 28, 1963, is the second Atlanta tribute of WOW Gospel 2013 is based?
50th
What is the birthplace of the narrator of Sex in a Cold Climate?
Churchtown, Dublin, Ireland
Was Leon Danielian or Arlene Francis one of the first American male dancers to achieve international recognition?
Leon Danielian
] Natural Bridge State Resort Park is surrounded by the only national forest completely within the boundary of Kentucky and was originally named what?
Cumberland National Forest
What is the name of the Thai footballer who has been described as the Thai version of the first team coach at Queens Park Rangers?
Chalermwoot Sa-ngapol
Gafur Rakhimov is a businessman of the nationality that is of which ethnic group?
Turkic
Zierer is the company that has built the "Knightmare" at which Lancashire theme park?
Camelot Theme Park
The album Infectious by Suburban Legends was released at Downtown Disney in this county?
Orange County
In biographical films, Angela Bassett has played Rosa Parks and which singer?
Tina Turner
What secessionist republic resulting from the overthrow of the Argentine Confederation government signed The Pact of San José de Flores?
State of Buenos Aires
Who wrote the book and lyrics the musical about a porter in old Baghdad, with music by the composer who did The New Moon and The Desert Song?
Harold R. Atteridge
Reggie Christian Hearn is a professional basketball player for a team owned by what NBA parent club?
Sacramento Kings
Who is older, Samantha Cristoforetti or Nicholas Patrick?
Nicholas James MacDonald Patrick
Surrender the Pink is a romance novel by an author who was known for plaing Princess Leia in what films?
Star Wars
Who is best known for his voice role of the DC comics character "Cyborg" of the animated television series based on the DC comics series created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani?
Khary Payton
Simon Wilcox has worked with the Youtube personality who moved where in 2014?
Los Angeles
What alliance was this tribe, which Watseka belonged to, a part of?
the Council of Three Fires
The actress that voiced Juliet Starling in the video game Lollipop Chainsaw was born in what year?
1973
A: On which former site was the Alon Las Vegas built on?
New Frontier Hotel and Casino
Who is the head coach, whom was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, that led the 2004–05 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team?
Billy Eugene Self Jr.
In what year did the band that released an album on August 10, 1989 by Atlantic Records disband?
1992
Rod Quinn hosts a show that broadcasts on what channel?
702 kHz
Zantedeschia and Correa, are of which mutual genus entitities?
flowering plants
What is the pulp and paper company based in Atlanta, Georgia, that hosted Big Thunder Ranch at Disneyland
Georgia-Pacific LLC is an American pulp and paper company based in Atlanta, Georgia
What year was the boarding school attended by Frank Rosebrook Millspaugh founded?
1858
Did Dexter Holland, an American musician and songwriter for punk rock band The Offspring or Roger Hodgson, an English musician write and sing "Take the Long Way Home"?
Charles Roger Pomfret Hodgson
The film "Le Grand Chef 2: Kimchi Battle" stars Kim Jung-eun and a actor that won Best Supporting Actor at the Grand Bell Awards and Blue Dragon Film Awards for his role in what movie?
"Mother"
 Ray Troll's most well known design was worn by an English actor who made his cinematic debut in what?
The Tailor of Panama
What American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner has had episodes written by David Iverson?
Mad Men
Which fiction author also writes biographies, Jodi Picoult or Kate Grenville?
Kate Grenville
Who formed in Helsingborg in 1998, Eagle-Eye Cherry or The Sounds ?
The Sounds
Which 2003 television film, based on the book series of the same name by Deborah Gregory, also shares its name with the soundtrack album?
The Cheetah Girls
What "greatest hits" album title by Megadeth is a reference to a song from their fourth studio album?
Greatest Hits: Back to the Start
When did Cassius Marcellus Clay fight against Elmo Henderson?
1972
Olaudah Equiano known as Gustavus Vassa was a slave freed by Sons of Africa
Olaudah Equiano
Who manages the conservation area that is near the planned community in Las Vegas called "The Lakes"?
the Bureau of Land Management
What was the 1971 television film directed by Steven Spielburg in which the winner of an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor (Continuing Character) in a Dramatic Series appeared? 
"Duel"
Who directed the 2003 steampunk-dieselpunk film  Robert Vahey appeared in?
Stephen Norrington
Who worked with Rico Beats and also had a number-one hit for seven non-consecutive weeks in the United States?
Soulja Boy
The Book of Three is the first of five volumes in what series by Ameican author Lloyd Alexander?
The Chronicles of Prydain
When was the Mexican actress and singer born who's third studio album is the DM?
December 6, 1985
In what year was Anne of Bohemia and Hungary's husband born?
1503
What's the fastest time (in seconds) that racers complete the race that Gary Scelzi won three times? 
3.64
Newspapers in Australia: there are 2 national and 10 state/territory daily newspapers, 35 regional dailies and 470 other regional and suburban newspapers, most major metropolitan newspapers are owned either by News Limited, a subsidiary of which American multinational mass media corporation headquartered in ?
New York City
Which plant has more species, Microcachrys or Dichroa?
Dichroa
What movie starring Bill Stewart is based on an animated adaptation of a 1956 novel by Dodie Smith?
101 Dalmatians
Who has won an Academy award, Angelina Jolie Pitt, or Genndy Tartakovsky ?
Angelina Jolie Pitt
Who was the bassist of the Manchester-based band Paul Oakenfield remixed for?
John Squire
The hamlet containing the hospital at which Richard Angelo murdered several patients had what population in the 2010 census?
28,335
Are  Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and Stephen Hopkins both film directors?
yes
What computer was developed first, the Matra or the Orao?
Mécanique Aviation Traction or Matra
Gerard Way and Mickey Thomas both share what musical title?
lead vocalists
The Thirsty Whale, which opened in 1975, was a rock and roll club, in River Grove, Illinois, it brought in which American rock band, headed by frontmen Gary Cherone and Nuno Bettencourt?
Extreme
Who was born in February of 1997 and starred in the 2012 movie "Dark Shadows"?
Chloë Grace Moretz
S-Curve Records was founded in 2000 by former Mercury Records executive Steve Greenberg, among the hits released by S-Curve include  "Stacy's Mom" by which American rock band that formed in New York City in 1995?
Fountains of Wayne
Rebel Without Claws was directed by an animator born in which year ?
1906
From when the British pub chain is owning the Flask public house who also operates nearly 220 pubs?
1904
When was the Argentine politician which  Rodolfo Gabrielli served as a minister of Interior during their presidencies born 
October 5, 1941
What is the alternative title of the official national anthem of Bermuda?
God Save the King
Chef Goes Nanners is the seventh episode of a season of South Park containing how many episodes total?
17
Are Thyme and Cortaderia both aromatic plants?
no
What Moonrunners father co-wrote the theme song to Thunder Road?
James Mitchum
Are Haiyang and Nanchuan District both in China?
yes
Only the Brave is a movie about a unit in what branch of the military?
United States Army Reserve
What record company was the song Oh My My released on? 
Apple Records
When was the American industrialist died who built the Memorial Presbyterian Church?
May 20, 1913
The Zionskirche was damaged during what British/American attack during World War II?
bombing of Dresden
When does the recorder of Got No Reason Now for Goin' Home born?
October 11, 1943
Which song by Francesco Sartori does Jackie Evancho include in her debut album?
Con te partirò
Are both Jerome Robbins and K-Michel Parandi an American filmmaker?
yes
The director of Back to the Future directed another movie in 1994 which was based on a book. Who was the author of the book?
Winston Groom
The wife of three-time Olympic gold medalist and world 100 m and 200 m record holder was also known by which nickname?
Flo-Jo
Who announced his retirement after the former Italian professional footballer born in 1973 became the new manager?
Marcello Lippi
Where did the company that Susan Kilsby serves as chairman for originate?
the United Kingdom
What is an enclosed shopping center located in Richardson, Texas, United States that includes pad sites one being an American drive-in fast-food restaurant chain ranked 10th in "QSR Magazine"'s rankings of the top 50 quick-service and fast-casual restaurant brands in the nation? 
Richardson Square Mall
Treenailed boats were use used by viking in which centuries?
8th to late 11th centuries
Vladislav Bulakhov introduced what pieces by Tchaikovsky at the First International Festival of Classical Guitar?
The Seasons
Who released more solo albums, Brian Connolly or Jim Kerr?
Jim Kerr
The actress that stars in "Seven Minutes in Heaven" made her acting debut in what film?
"Once Upon a Time in America"
The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy saw the international debut of fast bowler Zaheer Khan. What was his final year of playing for India?
2014
English drummer, composer and producer, Stuart Elliott, is known for being a session drummer for what English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and composer born 18 June 1942?
Paul McCartney
What type of band were Supergrass and 7 Year Bitch?
rock band
Which magazine is published by Condé Nast, Design News or Architectural Digest?
Architectural Digest
What two languages used anglo-frisian runes?
Old English and Old Frisian
Who created both the movie and television shows The Naked Brothers Band?
Polly Draper
What judge on Australia's Got Talent is also a reality TV star?
Kelly Osbourne
Steve Cardenas played which character in the move "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie"?
Red Power Ranger
Which united states military analyst was released pentagon papers and was presided over by William matthew Byrne Jr?
Daniel Ellsberg
When was the album which has "Blood on the Leaves" in it released? 
June 18, 2013
Ruth Higham is a former "Page 3" girl,that modelled for which British tabloid newspaper?
"The Sun"
When did the founder of Bang & Olufsen die?
8 November 2011
The American Sportsman was hosted from 1965-67 by which Marine Corps major?
Joseph Jacob "Joe" Foss
Sugarloaf Regional Airport serves what town in Maine?
Carrabassett Valley
When was the painter that had his covers featured on the "Atlantis" graphic novel born?
January 8, 1941
When was the person who sang "Hit 'Em Up Style" born?
March 16, 1976
"The Hunting Party" was produced by Mike Shinoda and Brad Delson. Who was the only other producer for Linkin Park's albums?
Rick Rubin
The Simpson character "Fat Tony" is loosely based on a mobster convicted in what year?
1986
What is the date of birth of the actor starring in Nobody's Baby
21 March 1958
Which of these filmmakers is younger? Géza von Cziffra or John Sayles?
John Thomas Sayles
What British Canterbury scene signer was a guest musician on The Civil Surface?
Barbara Gaskin
Which popular British rock band released a song with the same name as a 1969 song by American jazz musicians Nina Simone and Weldon Irvine?
Beatles
Which luxery Las Vegas resort, located at the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sands Avenue, does Sean Christie act as managing partner of a restaurant?
Wynn Las Vegas
Who was born first Mary Carillo or Sandy Mayer? 
Alexander "Sandy" Mayer
Which starting centre back was teammates with Lazaros Christodoulopoulos?
Sokratis Papastathopoulos
Elia Kazan and Khady Sylla, had which occupation in common?
writer
Richard Linklater and Ralph Bakshi both have done what in the entertainment industry? 
Director
Which red wine variety made in Nistreana is increasingly celebrated as an Argentine varietal wine?
Malbec
Which state is the water coaster Crush 'N' Gusher located in?
Florida
Albert "Dingy" Weiss was an American bridge player from a city incorporated in what year?
1915
The 1979 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team, had their first season under head coach who was born when?
born July 16, 1943
Mira Quien Baila (also known as Mira Quien Baila 2011 and Mira Quien Baila 2) debuted on Univision on September 11, 2011, the TV series is the Spanish version of which British version, television dance contest, featuring contestants, celebrities, and other people, from all walks of life, with professional dance partners competing in a ballroom and Latin dance competition?
Strictly Come Dancing
Sid Wyman was a hotel owner in a city whose strip is approximately how long?
4.2 mi
When was the UEFA Euro 2008 took place in which Fehmi Emre Güngör was part of the Turkey squad that reached the semi-finals?
7 to 29 June 2008
Which space flight carrying the first American to orbit the Earth was launched by T.J. O'Malley? 
Mercury-Atlas 6
Moise Poida and Robert Pires both are associated with what sport?
football
are Dusky v. United States and New York Times Co. v. Sullivan both landmark United States Supreme Court cases?
yes
Who directed the upcoming British action comedy film which has Johnny English as the first part? 
David Kerr
The Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode belongs to which group of institutes initiated by Jawaharlal Nehru,?
Indian Institutes of Management
KIMN (100.3 FM, "Mix 100.3") is a Hot AC radio station in Denver, Colorado, the station has an effective radiated power of 97 kW, and is under ownership of KSE Radio Ventures, which American business entrepreneur, owns KSE?
Enos Stanley Kroenke
Which Microsoft co-founder was involved in the SpaceShipOne space program?
Paul Allen
Liometopum sinense is a species of ant which comes from a country which excercised jursidication over how  many provinces?
22
Where was the magazine for which Slash Coleman was a personal perspectives blogger published? 
United States
What private Roman Catholic four-year research university did Donald J. Butz attend?
Saint Louis University
When was the coach the went 0-8 in the rivalry between the University of Oklahoma Sooners and the Oklahoma State University Cowboys of the Big 12 Conference, fired?
1962
Cruella de Vil is a character who appeared in a novel by an author born in which year ?
1896
What multi-purpose arena in Southaven, Mississippi is the home of the Memphis Hustle and the Mississippi RiverKings?
The Landers Center
What profession do Thomas Merton and Michael Moorcock have in common?
writer
Which is a type of fern, Adiantum or Hylomecon?
Adiantum
Who is the director, co-writer and co-producer of American comedy horror film based on the eponymous character?
Michael Dougherty
24 Hour Psycho is the title of an art installation consisting entirely of an appropriation of a movie written by who ?
Joseph Stefano
What forms the western boundary of the county that WAID is licensed to?
the Mississippi River
Which documentary film has a longer running time, The Bomb or Cancer?
Cancer
The 2008–09 Premier League (known as the Barclays Premier League for sponsorship reasons) season was the 17th season since the establishment of the Premier League in 1992, Manchester United became champions for the 11th time, defending their crown after winning their tenth Premier League title on the final day of which season that was the 16th since its establishment?
2007–08 Premier League
In what year was the motorsport team that manufactured the Ligier JS4 founded?
1968
What  American comic book publisher published Dark Night: A True Batman Story is a graphic novel written by Paul Dini?
DC Comics
Who was the director of the 1950 MGM musical film, choreographed by Eugene Loring, in which the actor who played Palmer Cortlandt on the soap opera "All My Children" starred?
Norman Taurog
Who is older, Marion Bartoli or Philipp Petzschner?
Philipp Petzschner
What did the Russian Empire-born composer who is the husband of Vera de Bosset also do 
pianist, and conductor
Who is Cameron Michelle Diaz-Madden's costar in the Ameican action comedy, Knight and Day?
Tom Cruise
Octave Chanute was an American civil engineer and aviation pioneer, born in France, he provided many budding enthusiasts, including The Wright brothers, were two American brothers, inventors, and aviation pioneers who are generally credited with inventing, building, and flying the world's first successful what?
airplane
Are both Un re in ascolto and Ariadne auf Naxos operas by Richard Strauss?
no
Linda Sue Evans received a prison sentence for harboring a criminal from what 1981 robbery?
Brink's robbery
What English songwriter once featured in the album "Whitney: The Greatest Hits"?
George Michael
Where was one of the founder's of Gruppe Olten's novella first published in English?
The New Yorker
Kansas City Bomber was produced by what American media company?
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
What virtual band on Metalocalype worked with Antonio Canobbio to release The Deathalbum?
Dethklok
Johann Christoph Pepusch and Sergei Prokofiev, were both of which musical occupation?
composer
Which director lived to an older age, Albert Ray or Perry Henzell?
Perry Henzell
America's Party is an offshoot of the party that was founded in what year?
1991
Sara Jordan Powell, is an American gospel musician, she performed in 1979 for President Jimmy Carter, and she was joined by who, which was an American singer, songwriter, musician, and one of the pioneers of rock and roll music?
Chuck Berry
The F.W. Woolworth Building in Fort Worth, Texas now houses a store established in what year?
1905
When was the direct-to-video movie that borrows heavily from a 1988 American action film starring Bruce Willis released?
1996
Who is the producer of the film which released on June 4, 2010 and Jake Johnson has an appearance in that film?
Nicholas Stoller
In what year was the school founded, which the former footballer Robert Bruce Olderman attended ?
1901
Taktisches Luftwaffengeschwader 51 was named after which first German WWI flying ace?
Max Immelmann
What athletic devision do both the Miami Hurricanes and the Oklahoma Sooners belong to?
NCAA
What sitcom features the characters Patty and Selma voiced by the actress who played Brenda in "Rhoda"?
The Simpsons
What American actor has started in films such as, The Third Nail, Rudy, Alien 3 and the hit 90's T.V. show Roc? 
Charles S. Dutton
What network did Skyward air on and Clu Gulager star on?
NBC
The media franchise in which Chris Wedge voiced the character Scrat is set during which age?
Paleolithic ice age
In which process is the term All-in rate used that takes place on location for a known client unlike manufacturing or mass production?
construction
Which team did the bench coach who managed the final three games of the 2014 Arizona Diamondbacks play for?
Detroit Tigers
Catamount Recording Studio has worked with what American heavy metal band formed in Des Moines?
Stone Sour
When was the American actor and producer born who was lead actor in the television series "MacGyver" (1985–1992) and also present in Season four of "Stargate SG-1"?
January 23, 1950
What company did both Chavo Guerrero Sr, and Chavo Guerrero Jr work for?
World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE)
Who Narrated the 2005 documentary about a man with a deformed leg that rode 400 miles across Ghana to bring attention for the disabled? 
Oprah Winfrey
Three for the Money is an American game show hosted by a man born in what year?
1935
Which documentary  was directed in part by James Cameron, Aliens of the Deep or Earth?
Aliens of the Deep
Jeon Do-yeon starred in Lee Chang-dong's South Korean drama film from what year
2007
What is a 2002 novel written by Alice Sebold?
The Lovely Bones
Which country borders to the south the country in which Beidha is found?
Saudi Arabia
John Preston Hings, was an English cricketer, he was born at Leicester, a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands of England, and the county town of Leicestershire, the city lies on which location, and close to the eastern end of the National Forest?
River Soar
Between Nat Mags and Brigitte, whose intended audience lives in a country closer to the equator?
Brigitte
Where is the company who released Uno for Game Boy Color headquartered?
El Segundo, California
Do Cherie Currie and Alex Désert share the same nationality?
yes
Who directed the 2008 comedy film that starred the actress who played Gertie Michaels in "The Final Girls"?
Phil Price
What country of origin does Gas Huffer and Blind Melon have in common?
American
Of the two singers/musicians, Bae Suzy and Peter Tägtgren, one is also known for his/her acting. Which of these two musicians also has the title of "actor" on their resume?
Bae Su-ji (; born October 10, 1994), better known by the mononym Suzy, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Not including Neidpath, who owned the other castle that Sir Simon Fraser had for most of its existence?
the Tweedie family
Robert N. Charrette (born 1953) is an award-winning graphic artist, game designer, sculptor and author, Charrette produced gaming products for FASA Corporation, an American publisher of role-playing games, wargames and board games between 1980 and 2001, after which they closed publishing operations for several years, becoming an IP holding company under the name FASA Inc, in which year,a wholly owned subsidiary called FASA Games Inc. went into operation, using the name and logo with permission of the parent company.?
2012
What was the nickname of a lefthanded player on the Princeton Rays?
The Perfect Storm
are Yuma International Airport and  Minot International Airport in the same state
no
What is the name of the small railroad junction seven miles north of the Savanna Army Depot?
Blanding
L. William Seidman was an economic adviser to the President who was the 33rd governor of what state?
California
Which athletic stadium, built on the same site as the former FA Cup Final venue, also hosted the World Cup?
Crystal Palace National Sports Centre
What was the breakout movie for the actress and singer who sang backup vocals on "Spitfire" by The Prodigy?
"Cape Fear"
What was the population at the 2010 census of the incorporated village all of which is served by the East Williston Union Free School District?
2,556
Who created the web television series that featured the character General Brockhart?
Beau Willimon
Are Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price and Sweet Crude both documentary films?
yes
Boys to Manzo stars the sons of which star of The Real Housewives of New Jersey?
Caroline Laurita-Manzo
Are Andre Dubus III and Boris Pilnyak both known as writers?
yes
The tomb of Ferdowsi example of Achaemenid architecture, a style from which culture?
the Achaemenid Persians
Bayshore station is located in the western transit way section of what Ottawa, Ontario Canada mall which is known to attract about 7 million visitors per year? 
Bayshore Shopping Centre
What is the name of a movie that is a Japanese replica of a 1967 French drama?
Red Scandal: Affair
Ha Jung-woo stared and did what else for the film Chronicle of a Blood Merchant?
co-written and directed
Who wrote the supplement for Dungeons & Dragons that introduced the Golem and was born in September?
Robert J. Kuntz
Günter Reich interpreted the works of Schoenberg with which French composer?
Pierre Louis Joseph Boulez CBE
The Australian and Ne Zealand Army Corps, for which the HMAS Anzac was named, was formed in what country in December 1914?
Egypt
Terry Ray wrote “Hollywood Goes Classical", which was performed at Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, a hall in which large music center?
Los Angeles Music Center
Lyn Breur was speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly for a man who served as Australia's permanent representative to what organization from 2014 through 2016? 
Food and Agriculture Organisation and World Food Programme
Lynn DeCoitte was appointed by which American politician who is the eighth and current Governor of Hawaii, in office since 2014?
David Ige
 St. Mary's Ukrainian Catholic Church is located in a country that covers five-eighths of what?
the island of Great Britain
Incendiary: The Willingham Case explores the conviction and execution of what American man who was convicted and executed for the murder of his three young children by arson, on December 23, 1991?
Cameron Todd Willingham
Who has directed more films, Manish Gupta or Peter Schamoni?
Peter Schamoni
Titans is an upcoming American television series that will air on an unnamed DC Comics digital service, based on the DC Comics team of the same name, Teagan Croft is which fictional superheroine?
Starfire
Larry Clamage and George Sherman, share which common industry?
film
Don Black, is an English lyricist, he has provided lyrics, for which American composer and conductor?
Marvin Frederick Hamlisch
To which political party did the Senator belong who, with Representative David McCurdy, authored the Boren-McCurdy intelligence reform proposals?
Democratic Party
Craigmillar Festival Society has produced plays that involve the ruined castle in what Scottish city?
Edinburgh
Which film director known as Benny Boom is known for directing the 2017 American drama film about Tupac Shakur, All Eyez on Me?
Benny Douglas
Both Stabyhoun and Pyrenean Mastiff dictates to which type of animal?
dog
Which star of Voglia di Donna has a stage name of Cicciolina?
Ilona Staller
What southeast Oahu Marine embayment is located near Sandy beach?
Hanauma Bay
What British racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship drove a Formula One car built for the 1979 season by the Walter Wolf Racing team?
James Simon Wallis Hunt
What year was the character, paired with Clarabelle Cow in the Super Goof comic book series, created?
1932
Are Chris Wedge and Gary Sherman both co-founders of Blue Sky Studios?
no
How many acres is the campus of the college which owns the WCXZ (740 AM) radio station?
1000
The Greysteel massacre was the killing of 8 people in a County Londonderry pub in October of which year?
1993
Are both Edward L. Cahn and Saeed Rizvi film directors ?
yes
WBKI-TV, virtual channel 34, is a CW-affiliated television station serving Louisville, Kentucky, the station is owned by LM Communications, LLC; Block Communications, which owns Louisville-licensed Fox affiliate WDRB, virtual channel 41, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Louisville, Kentucky, in which country?
United States
Which mountain summit is the world's 71st hightes mountain, Shispare or Rimo I?
Rimo I
Who wrote the supernatural investigation novel which derives its title from a line in the "nunnery scene" soliloquy of the play "Hamlet"?
Manly Wade Wellman
Blood Sugar Sex Magik and One Hot Minute, are the fifth and sixth studio album respectively, of what American rock band?
Red Hot Chili Peppers
The song "Are We in Trouble Now" was performed by what baritone country singer?
Randy Travis
Hal Bruno was the moderator for the 1992 vice-presidential debate that included which environmentalist?
Albert Arnold Gore Jr.
Which American music group played in the film "Hysterical"?
The Hudson Brothers
What is the middle name of the inventor of The Chromatron ?
Orlando
Tobias Alistair Patrick "Toby" Kebbell is known for his roles in films such as "Dead Man's Shoes" (2004), "RocknRolla" (2008), "" (2010), "War Horse" (2011), "Wrath of the Titans" (2012), "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014), "Fantastic Four" (2015),"Warcraft" (2016), a 2016 American action fantasy film directed by who?
Duncan Jones
In what year was the star of the 1917 silent film "Redemption" born?
1884
In which year was this city where Sammy Chapman was born granted a city status?
1888
In late December 1980, there were a series of reported sightings of unexplained lights near Rendlesham Forest, Suffolk, England, which have become linked with claims of UFO landings was the inspiration for a 2014 British horror film starting Danny Shayle and is directed by who?
Daniel Simpson
What football position did the manager of Tianjin Quanjian previously hold?
captain
Pacific Aviation Museum Pearl Harbor is a non-profit founded in which year, to develop an aviation museum in Hawaii, it was part of Daniel Inouye's vision for a rebirth of Ford Island?
1999
What country was the American former long distance runner, who was coached by Bill Squires and is now a track coach himself, born in?
Cuba
What was the other occupation of the British Army Air Corps officer who appeared alongside The Adventurer?
astronaut
Which disease did one of the subjects of Charlotte Zeepvat's writing have?
haemophilia
What is the name of a British men's adult magazine published by Paul Raymond Publications?
Escort
Aubrey Plaza's character in the FX series "Legion" is connected to which film series?
"X-Men" film series
Randy Jackson has been inducted into both the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame and Long Island Music Hall of Fame. Where is the Long Island Music Hall of Fame located?
Melville, New York
Who is the Vice President for Intercollegiate Athletics Programs and Director of Athletics for the University that calls themselves the "Sooners?"
Joseph Robert Castiglione
Pan Am Railways has a subsidiary in which former US Class I railroad in Maine?
Maine Central Railroad Company
Where was the show in which Cynthia Addai-Robinson portrayed Naevia produced?
New Zealand
Potamogeton Pond was once a stop on on a bridle trail that connected Cunningham Park to a park that occupies how many acres?
655.294
The vocalist whose guitar work punctuated the music of Chiefs of Relief died from complications of what disease?
diabetes
Where is the company that used  Leavitt Farm as headquarters and museum facility located 
Concord, New Hampshire
Which occupations do Constance Tillotson and Quentin Tarantino have in common?
director, writer, and actor
How many copies did the best selling album by Sepultura sell ?
over 2 million copies worldwide
Who was born later. Saul Bellow or Siegfried Sassoon?
Saul Bellow
Which song credited to Lennon-McCartney was featured in the Beatles' television film "Magic Mystery Tour?"
Hello, Goodbye
What political party is Kellyanne Conway a part of?
Republican Party
Junta, is the first official studio release by which  American rock band, that was founded at the University of Vermont in 1983?
Phish
What the title of the first book written by the author of 'The Stone Gods'?
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit
Which was founded first University of Toronto and University of Salento?
The University of Toronto
Which,"Unfaithful" or A Girl like Me, is the second studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna?
A Girl like Me
What is the population of the city where Sree Kulathoor Kolathukara Shiva Temple is located?
957,730
What movie starring Jane Seymour depicted the response of Danish citizens to Hitler's order regarding Danish Jews?
The Only Way
What prize did the man who used the ideas of Lars Onsager in 1957 to describe the magnetic phase diagram of type-II superconductors in 2003?
Nobel Prize in Physics
Kanchenjunga Express has songs by the playback singer based out of what city?
Kolkata
Which band has six consecutive number one albums, Army of Anyone or Dave Matthews Band?
Dave Matthews Band
10,000 Small Businesses is a philanthropic initiative launched by Goldman Sachs and the Goldman Sachs Foundation in November 2009 that pledges $500 million in various aid to small businesses, Goldman Sachs' CEO Lloyd Blankfein, was born in The Bronx, to a Jewish family, and reared in the Linden Houses, a New York City Housing Authority project, in which US city?
New York City
Which high school did the Denver Nuggets player attend who was suspended for 15 games after a brawl in season 2006-7 ?
Towson Catholic High School
Which of the writings of Josh Klausner did Mike Myers star in?
Shrek Forever After
Patrick Anthony McCarran, was a Democratic United States Senator from Nevada from 1933 until 1954, Nevada became the 36th state, on which date?
October 31, 1864
What is the population of the city where Merle Sande help found an Infectious Diseases Institute  ?
over 2 million.
What nationality does the person with a notable victory over "The Chief" have?
Japanese
What is the name of the railway that is a standard gauge preserved railway in Lancashire, in the United Kingdom, terminates adjacent to the level crossing in Preston, Lancashire, and runs along the Preston Docks? 
Ribble Steam Railway
When was the band formed who's member formed Another Animal with members of Godsmack and Dropbox?
1987
Plain and Fancy had music written by which German-American composer?
Albert Hague
Have both Sean S. Cunningham and Paul Scheuring both written, produced and directed?
yes
 Choi Jae-bong, is a South Korean speed skater who represented his country at the 1998 Winter Olympics, celebrated from 7 to 22 February 1998 in what country?
Japan
What country is the actress who starred in the 1976 biographical film about Bruce Lee's final days from?
Taiwan
Robin Lord Taylor directed a film starring what Glee actress?
Brittany Snow
Which was the first studio album by Garth Brooks' to have a crossover-friendly country-pop sound and feature the song "Wild Horses"?
No Fences
What actor in Star Wars: Episode II is an Olivier and Tony award-winning Scottish actor and has appeared in 47 films since 1976? 
Ian McDiarmid
What 1999 American crime thriller movie features the actress who played Special Agent Alexandra Quinn in "NCIS"?
Summer of Sam
What American actor stars in the sixth installment in the "Saw" franchise?
Tobin Bell
Gianni Versace was a friend of the English model who was recruited at what age?
15
Where was the film War on Everyone featuring actor Alexander Skarsgard filmed at?
Albuquerque, New Mexico
Who is older, Adam Levine or Leigh Nash?
Leigh Bingham Nash
Barton Hollow was recorded on vinyl with which song, first recorded in 1939, as its B-side?
You Are My Sunshine
Which country and rock and roll artist had a cover featured on Clay Walker's eighth studio album, Fall, and was also in the musical group Los Super Seven?
Freddy Fender
Are Corona and Pepsi Max both made by PepsiCo?
no
What is the nationality of "Yen" a Singer-songwriter band?
German
Which magazine was published first, U.S. Lady or The Lady?
The Lady
What legal drama did the star of No Time for Sergeants go on to star in?
Matlock
Where did the the musician who played a combination of fiddle and plucked string instruments retire?
Lynchburg, Tennessee
In what year was the judge who delivered the court opinion on Atlantic Sounding Co. v. Townsend born?
1948
What Italian singer-songwriter released the debut album Sabrina?
Sabrina Salerno
Who was born earlier, Anna Seghers or Morgan Llywelyn?
Anna Seghers
What band's drummer assembled the compilation A New Wave of Brith Heavy Metal '79 Revisited?
Metallica
Don "The Bull" Adams was a bare-knuckle boxer, from Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire, in which UK country, at a planned fight at Holborn Stud Farm on Sunday, 26 October 1975, between himself and Roy “Pretty Boy” Shaw, was an English millionaire, real estate investor, author and businessman from the East End of London who was formerly a criminal and Category A prisoner?
England
What anime adaptation of a video game series includes the voice of Cindy Robinson?
Blue Dragon
What passenger trade route is serviced by Edmonds and runs parallel to the Cascade mountain range?
The Amtrak "Cascades"
Which event began first, the Western Allied invasion of Germany or the Battle of Aachen?
The Western Allied invasion of Germany
Between two documentary films, Let's Get Lost and Meru, which one was released earlier?
Let's Get Lost
Milner Dam impounds a river that is how long?
1078 mi
The Walam Olum document has provoked controversy as to its authenticity since its publication by a  botanist and antiquarian who settled in Ohio in what year?
1815
Who invented the gun where  The Blish Lock was first used?
John T. Thompson
Which National Park is bigger Tablas de Daimiel National Park or Guadarrama National Park ?
Guadarrama National Park
University of Ruhuna and University of Pretoria, share which specific type classification?
public
Are Chris Mandia and Rupert Julian both American producers?
no
Are Rocky Shades and Coko both from the United States?
no
The Arizona Daily Wildcat is a student newspaper founded in 1899 serving which public research university?
University of Arizona
What type of music did the band play that was both founded in 1994, and had an album released in 1994 and reissued in 2000 through InsideOut Music?
progressive metal
Which Walt Disney film was produced first, "So Dear to My Heart" or "The Jungle Book"?
So Dear to My Heart
The designer of the present gate at the entrance of Valletta, Malta won the Pritzker Architecture Prize in what year?
1998
Who is more popular among Martin Flavin and William March ?
Martin Archer Flavin
When was the leader of the Movement of National Antifascist Unity born?
28 April 1889
The company that Patrice Louvet has been the CEO and president of since July 17, 2017 was founded in what year?
1967
What year was the first model of the sports car which Dave McLellan notably engineered?
1953
The song "Run" by Anothony Smith & Tony Lane and the song "Where Were You (When The World Stopped Turning)" were written to commemorate what events?
September 11 attacks
In what country was both Enrique Maximiliano Meza born and Querétaro F.C. based??
Mexico
Dave Audé is a Grammy-winning producer, house DJ, and remixer, he has done production for artists such as which  American singer and songwriter?
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson
What was the television series That's my boy based on starring Jerry Lewis? 
the 1951 Dean Martin
Which chain was founded first Blackjack Pizza or Valentino's ?
Valentino's
Who did Our Lady of Guadalupe appear to prompting the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe to be built on the top of Tepeyac?
Saint Juan Diego Cuauhtlatoatzin
Bambi and Treasure Island, have which subsidiary organization in common?
Walt Disney
Which project is older the Woolworth Building or 80 Flatbush?
Woolworth Building
Martial Law 2: is a 1991 martial arts film that stars Jeff Wincott, Paul Johansson, L. Charles Taylor, Sherrie Rose, , Billy Drago and  Cynthia Rothrock, a woman who holds what color of belt in martial arts?
black belt
George Francis trained world champion Ugandan former professional boxer who competed from 1980 to 1991, and 1996 to 1999 and held the WBC super-welterweight title during what time period?
from 1989 to 1990
How many people died in the event that killed Eve Meyer?
583
Which movie starred Arnold Schwarzenegger as a cop and Pamela Reed as his partner?
Kindergarten Cop
The Blind Side is an American biographical sports drama film, released in which year, the storyline features Michael Oher, an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent?
2009
J. B. Thompson was a cricketer for the club founded in what year?
1838
What Albanian citizen sings in both Italian and Spanish?
Albano Carrisi
Who was the mother of Margaret Tudor and daughter of Edward IV?
Elizabeth of York
Charlotte Perkins Gilman wrote The Yellow Wallpaper after a severe bout of postpartum in this magazine?
The New England Magazine
What was the Dutch name of the settlement that Jeremias van Rensselaer helped found?
Nieuw Nederland
Who played the main characters in Tomas Alfredson's 2008 vampire film?
Kåre Hedebrant and Lina Leandersson
 U mad was added to what crowdsourced online dictionary of slang words and phrases In 2004
Urban Dictionary
Where was the album of the American band Death Grips, that later peaked at number 130 on the "Billboard" 200 chart leaked on April 14, 2012?
YouTube
Did the Pyrenean Mastiff and the Blue Lacy originate in the same place?
no
Which two units of government jointly share a ministerial position formerly held by the conservative MP from Hemel Hempstead?
Home Office and the Ministry of Justice
What Satanic band had a lyrical theme featuring the mass murderer with the birth surname of Maddox?
Burn, Baby, Burn!
What is the pen name of Judith Lewis, author of City of Glass?
Cassandra Clare
What is the earliest published D-I-Y "home movies" of New York punk's birth filmed by Amos Poe and Ivan Kral, Koyaanisqatsi or The Blank Generation?
The Blank Generation
The star of In Secret who also appeared in Inside Llewyn Davis was born in what year?
1979
The Last Debate is a 2000 political television film directed by John Badham, based on the book by which American journalist, and novelist, born on May 19, 1934?
James Charles Lehrer
Which is farther north, Lehigh Canal or New Orleans Outfall Canals?
Lehigh Canal
Yunus-bek Yevkurov was appointed the head of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia by a president that served during what years?
2008 to 2012
Who portrayed the character in "Criminal Minds" that quit in "The Boogeyman"?
Lola Glaudini
What is the name shared between a city in Prestatyn, Wales and a company operating holiday parks in the UK
Pontins
Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a subsidiary of a Japanese commercial vehicle manufacturer headquartered where?
Tokyo
Have both Thorold Dickinson and John Korty won an Academy award for Best Documentary Feature?
no
This English comedian wrote the British sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous"
Jennifer Saunders
What game was first marketed as "Yatzie" by the National Association Service of Toledo, Ohio, in the early 1940s, Yahtzee or Downfall?
Yahtzee
Are Larry McMurtry and Sally Beauman both American writers?
no
What author wrote a novel, published in 1961, featuring a minor fictional character named Schiesskopf?
Joseph Heller
When was the institution from which Steve Ogden received his Bachelor of Science degree established ?
10 October 1845
What was the population at the 2010 census of the hamlet where Ireland-Gardiner Farm is located?
13,742
Dallas, Warrington contains an Addie Stobart distribution center. In what year was the founder of Eddie Stobart born? 
1929
The Hotel Metropole, built in 1908, was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1979, it was demolished after being severely damaged during which named earthquake, that occurred in Northern California on October 17, 1989?
1989 Loma Prieta earthquake
Pro Street cars are built similar to what class of car that is described as "all motor"?
Pro Stock
What was the name of Reverend Martin Luther King Sr's wife that was shot and killed in the Evenezer Baptist Church, six years after the assassination of her son, Martin Luther King Jr.?
Alberta Williams King
What Chuck Berry song created in 1956 was ranked number 97 on Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time"?
Roll Over Beethoven
Which suburb of Adelaide, South Australia is included in the Electoral district of Bragg and is bordered by Rose Park to the north and Adelaide Parklands to the west?
Dulwich
When was the Northern Irish singer who wrote Wild Horses born? 
24 July 1976
Which genus has more known species, Chaenomeles or Daphne?
Daphne
Which of the following is a rock band led by singer and guitarist Bob Mould: Bracket or Sugar?
Sugar
What year did Danny Aiello star in both films Once Around and Hudson Hawk?
1991
Which English Cricketer was born in 1925 in a town recording a population of 10,090 in 2014?
Bryan Lowe
On what day of what month did the episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" first air in which there first appeared the character voiced by an actor who also played Michael "Dauber" Dybinski on the sitcom "Coach"?
May 1
In what film did Rufus Sewell appear in before he appeared in Helen of Troy?
In film, he has appeared in Kenneth Branagh's rendition of "Hamlet" (1996) playing Fortinbras
When was the retired American politician who was succeeded by Markwayne Mullin born? 
August 2, 1973
Gavin MacIntosh is known for his recurring role on which American family drama series?
The Fosters
Marguerite McNulty, who was regularly referred to in press as a “beauty”, was a U.S. stage actress, McNulty’s true name was Katya Minasian, which came to light when it was nationally reported in late 1925 that she had filed suit against the scion William Andrews Clark III, the third grandson of the then very recently late railroad and mining magnate, financier, and U.S. Senator of Montana, and entrepreneur, involved with mining, banking, and railroads?
William A. Clark
Cardi B's first single for Atlantic Records was released in what year?
2017
Between The Shaggy Dog and The Santa Clause, which film spun more sequels?
The Santa Clause
The 1962 Kentucky Wildcats had a player who was killed in a fire in what Kentucky town?
Southgate
Songs for A Very Potter Senior Year were written by American actor, singer, and songwriter known for the founding which musical theater company based in Chicago?
StarKid Productions
] Greatest Hits: 1980–1994 is the RIAA Platinum-certified first greatest hits album released by an artist born in which year ?
1942
Ernie Fazio attended the university that has how many full-time undergrad students?
5,435
What movie was filmed in Canada and starred an English actor and dancer?
Edge of Winter
Meredith Bergmann, is a U.S. sculptor, poet, and essayist whose work is said to "forge enriching links between the past and the concerns of the present.", her memorial to which prominent African-American poet, novelist, children's writer, and playwright during the Harlem Renaissance, is in the collection of the New York Public Library? 
Countee Cullen
Who was born on November 17, 1972 and helped form the American indie folk rap group, The Uncluded?
Kimya Dawson
Between University of Wyoming and Clarkson University, which institution was founded earlier?
University of Wyoming
What was the 2004 novel-turned-film adaptation that Freddie Highmore starred in? 
Five Children and It
What is the name of the developer behind the hill resort located 80 km northeast of Kuala Lumpur?
Genting Group
What is the subtitle of the novel written by the same author as "The Life of Charlotte Bronte"?
"A Tale of Manchester Life"
WRBJ-FM is licensed to a city in what Mississippi county?
Rankin County
What committee did an American politician and veterinarian, that predicted the United States Senate election in Alaska, 2008 would be competitive, serve as chairman for? 
National Republican Senatorial Committee
What Monorail system travels to the Hyperion Bridge replica in California Adventure?
The Disneyland Monorail System
Ora Blanchard House, is located in what village that is part of Eustis, Maine?
Stratton
Who directed the film in which Pablo Rago starred? 
Luis Puenzo
HP Sauce is a brown sauce originally produced by HP Foods, in the United Kingdom, now produced by which American food processing company, in the Netherlands?
H. J. Heinz Company
Where did Gabrielle Union film her scenes for the movie, 10 Things I Hate About You?
Seattle
Cold Prey 2 starred which Norwegian actress?
Ingrid Bolsø Berdal
When was the American sportscaster and former professional football player born who has been the only host of  NBA Access with Ahmad Rashad show?
November 19, 1949
What role in their respective bands links Brent Smith and Mike Score?
lead vocalist
What award earned by athletes at a university and some schools did Charles Hooman earn?
Blue
What type of products did Johannes Torpe help design at a company during 2011-2015? 
consumer electronics
The Mazda F platform was used in a sports car design in 1978 with which Engine?
1146 cc twin-rotor Wankel rotary engine
In what year was the band whose second album was "Origin of Symmetry" formed?
1994
Who was ranked World No. 1 in double first, Robert Seguso or Tom Okker?
Thomas Samuel Okker
What is the name of this King of England, born in June 1239, in which the Prioress swore fealty to him, after his foray in Scotland in 1296?
Edward I of England
What do Lee Tit and Fred Schepisi have in common?
director
Who is the vice chairman of the American film production and distribution company co-founded by Riza Aziz?
Joey McFarland
Which landmark of Istanbul on located higher, the Column of the Goths or the Mihrimah Sultan Mosque?
Mihrimah Sultan Mosque
Who directed the 1969 movie starring the actor born Frederick Austerlitz?
Alf Kjellin
What is the name of this English actress from the E4 teen drama "Skins" and the film series "Maze Runner?"
Kaya Scodelario
Animals Crackers stars an actress who first appeared on "The Cosby Show" as what character?
Olivia Kendall
Which Barbadian singer, songwriter, and actress born in 1988 was guest featured in the album "The Gifted?"
Rihanna
What actor appeared in the "Scream" trilogy films and also in the 2008 Amercian war film Defiance?
Liev Schreiber
What album features the song "Somebody's Me", by the singer known as the King of Latin Pop?
Insomniac
Is Fangchenggang or Shilong, Guangdong a industrial town?
Shilong () is an industrial town in Dongguan prefecture-level city, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China
Architectural Digest and The Advocate, are of which nationality?
American
What role is played in the series "Famous in Love" by the singer of Jersey?  
Paige
When was the English reality television judge who acquired the right to The X Factor born? 
7 October 1959
What role did Joseph Collyer take on as part of the Royal Academy to Queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz?
portrait engraver
Which singer is the vocalist for a band with a longer name, Daniel Gildenlöw or Jun. K?
Daniel Gildenlöw
Chiemsee Cauldron is decorated in a way that is reminiscent of which cauldron thought to date between 200 BC - 300 AD?
Gundestrup cauldron
Who did Anna Timiryova marry after Alexander Kolchak was executed?
Vsevolod Kniper
Acquire and Glasnost The Game, are which specific form of entertainment?
board game
Does Lionel Friedberg and Peter Duffell direct the same kind of films?
no
Not All Who Wander Are Lost is the third solo album by which American virtuoso mandolinist, singer, songwriter, and radio personality, best known for his work in the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek and the acoustic folk/progressive bluegrass quintet Punch Brothers?
Chris Thile
What 1930 film based on a Broadway musical comedy starred a five time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Leathernecking
Former tenants of  Bonnie Doon Shopping Centre include Sears Canada, Target Canada, Zellers, Sport Mart, and Blockbuster LLC, which was was an American-based provider of what?
home movie and video game rental services
What is the population of the Borough to which Millom Without belongs?
70,603
What ethnicity are both Motilal Nehru and Gangadhar Nehru?
Indian
Which airport is located closer to the equator, Greater Rochester International Airport or Flagstaff Pulliam Airport?
Flagstaff Pulliam Airport
In which year did this 235-acre amusement park in Kansas City, Missouri open that features the wooden roller coaster called "Timber Wolf?"
1973
 "The Old Brewery" as it's known locally was once the manufacturing site for a company founded by who?
Leopold Friederich Schmidt
What military award did the solider who the USS Basilone was named after recieve posthumously?
the Navy Cross
Chris Wilson attended University in what state and what Fraternity is he a member of?
He is a member of Iota Phi Theta fraternity.
Michael Radford and Ricardo Costa are both what? 
film director
JT Southern and Verne Gagne were both affiliated with what wrestling organization?
American Wrestling Association
Are both Graham Swift and Terry Pratchett English literary figures?
yes
What university did Rhonda Paisley attend in Greenville, South Carolina? 
Bob Jones University
 Carried Away a 1996 film based on a novel by an American writer best known for what 1979 novella?
Legends of the Fall
How many BAFTA awards has the writer of the sitcom pilot Mirrorball won?
three
What was Argues fathers name in Roman mythology ?
Caelus
Which actor was also a dancer, Wendy Toye or Jerzy Skolimowski?
Wendy Toye
Are both Taj Mahal and Mexica considered German-style board games?
no
When was the player born who plays for S.L. Benfica de Macau of Macau 1st Division Football, and the team that represents the Chinese special administrative region of Macau in international association football?
November 18, 1987
Who was the guitarist for the band for which Michael White & The White is an occasional cover band?
Jimmy Page
Daniel Kaluuya (born 8 May 1989) is an English actor and writer, she played Bing in the "Black Mirror" episode "Fifteen Million Merits", is what number episode, of the first season of British science fiction anthology series "Black Mirror"?
second
Which city that N2 runs through is a capital?
Nkwanta
What is the name of the single produced n 2002 by a Danish indie rock duo whose musical style was inspired by The Everly Brothers?
"Attack of the Ghost Riders"
What is Lewis Young's older brother's middle name?
Simon
The Stadio Libero Liberati is a multi-use stadium in Terni, in which country, and is currently used mostly for football matches and the home of Ternana Unicusano Calcio, an Italian football club based in the city of Terni, Umbria?
Italy
What is the name of the social movement depicted in Jacob Lawrence's paintings that involved millions of African-Americans moving out of the rural Southern United States?
The Great Migration
Which film directory, Patty Jenkins or Vilgot Sjöman is known as the director of the films "491" (1964)?
David Harald Vilgot Sjöman
Are Jonathan Stark and Henri Kontinen from the same country?
no
Gretchen Hoyt Corbett (born August 13, 1945) is an American actress most noted for the role of Beth Davenport on the television series "The Rockford Files" from 1974 to 1978, she has also appeared as a recurring character, beginning in 2013, on which IFC series, a sketch comedy television series set and filmed in and around Portland, Oregon, starring Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein?
Portlandia
Big Bang is known for a type of music that featured what early group formed in 1992?
Seo Taiji and Boys
Ravindra Kumar Ray won the general election as a candidate to the country's largest political party in terms of representation in the national parliament and state assemblies known as?
Bharatiya Janata Party
Which resort area is found in the town that includes a village called Bristol?
Newfound Lake
Better Than Yourself is a single by which Danish pop and soul band?
Lukas Graham
Winston Chao Wen-hsuan is known for his role in, among others, 1911, a 2011 Chinese historical drama film also known as The 1911 Revolution and what?  
Xinhai Revolution
Among Bursera and Berkheya, which can be found in South Africa?
Berkheya
To which country belong the county-level city Yanji, east of Jilin Province and a city in west-central Liaoning province known as Beizhen?
China
Which Danish drummer and former tennis player was part of The Damage, Inc. concert tour? 
Lars Ulrich
Westworld, an American science fiction western thriller television series co-created by an American screenwriter and who?
Jonathan Nolan
Lake Managua and Rush Lake, are an expanse of water entirely surrounded by land and unconnected to the sea?
yes
Harrogate is a city adjacent to a park established in which year ?
1940
Who was born first Neil Hennessy or Selena Gomez?
Neil Kevin Hennessy
This 1997 American superhero film starred an American Actress who mader her film debut in what movie?
The Crush
What division was Thomas Happer Taylor's grandfather the commander of?
101st Airborne Division
The International Year of Astronomy (IYA2009) was a year-long celebration of astronomy that took place in 2009 to coincide with the 400th anniversary of the first recorded astronomical observations with a telescope by Galileo Galilei and the publication of Johannes Kepler's "Astronomia nova", a book, published in 1609, that contains the results of the astronomer Johannes Kepler's ten-year-long investigation of the motion of what?
Mars
Veitchia is a flowering plan from the Arecaceae family, what family is the Lamium plant from?
Lamiaceae
Which band contained more members, Two Door Cinema Club or Cowboy Junkies?
Cowboy Junkies
Who did Rodney Bennett directed, was born 22 October 1938?
Derek Jacobi
Paul Jenkins had a role on the musical sitcom starring whom?
Shirley Jones
Cheryl Mills came into public prominence while serving as deputy to White House Counsel for which President ?
Bill Clinton
What building has an Art Deco style and was appraised by Robert Von Ancken?
Chrysler Building
What is the nationality of the  Spinnerette born Bree Joanna Alice Robinson?
Australian
What metropolitan city in the western extremity of Anatolia features the Hilal railway station?
İzmir
South Channel Fort is located 6 km north-east of a town on the shores of what port?
Port Phillip
Gustav Mahler composed a beautiful piece performed by the Bach-Elgar Choir. What is the name of that piece??
Symphony No. 2
Do Mrinal Sen and Zhang Yimou share the same nationality?
no
What is the name of Rhianna's eighth studio album, released on January 28, 2016, which she promoted on a 75-show tour that began in March, 2016 and ended in November, 2016?
Anti
Kyle Moran was born in the town on what river?
Castletown
This attraction opened with Redd Rockett's Pizza Port only to close down in the year 2000?
Rocket Rods
The Snake River is a  tributary of which river on which Richland stands?
Columbia River
William Coffin was a Gentleman on the Privy Chamber to what King of England from 1509-1547?
Henry VIII
The Killers and Nightmare and the Cat, have which mutual nationality?
American
Dissident Irish Republican campaign includes which paramilitary group that began attacks around 2009?
Óglaigh na hÉireann
Benjamin "Benji" Dunn is a character portrayed by Simon Pegg in what 2016 blockbuster film, which Pegg also co-wrote?
"Star Trek Beyond"
Are Bedknobs and Broomsticks and Freaky Friday both fantasy films?
yes
The Munro Ambulance Corps was started in August 1914 by Hector Munro, who was one of the directors of the Medico-Psychological Clinic in London, some of its noteworthy members were which popular British writer, who wrote about two dozen novels, short stories and poetry, and used the pseudonym of Mary Amelia St. Clair?
May Sinclair
Name the movie in which Cuba Gooding Jr as Doris Miller who has got Navy cross award fro US Navy ?
Pearl Harbor
Which album  released in 1984 by Atlantic Records was produced by the calypso artist best known for his 1956 hit, a traditional Jamaican folk song?
Beat Street
In what ocean did the USS Cyclops disappear?
North Atlantic Ocean
The winner of the first "Comic Relief Does Fame Academy" played what role in the tv series "Hollyoaks"?
Jambo Bolton
Wade-Dahl-Till valve was partially built by the novelist of what nationality?
British
What is the county seat of the county in which Levi, Kentucky is located?
Booneville
What pop rock group was the musician who released 'Songs for the End of the World' originally a member of?
Zoot
The online political cartoon in China called Hexie Farm is loosely based on which allegorical novella written by George Orwell?
Animal Farm
Who is the star of the 2004 movie that Nancy Bishop did European casting for?
Ron Perlman
In which country will you find the following cities, Jiexiu and Luohe?
China
István Javorek is a retired head strength and conditioning coach at college located in what city and state?
Overland Park, Kansas
Tshepo Motsepe is the wife of the trade union leader who has served as Deputy President under which world leader?
Jacob Zuma
What was Louisa Goldman's husbands title?
American investment banker
What country do both Edward Spragge and Charles II of England have in common?
Ireland
Who was the long-term partner of the owner of Watford Football Club (1976 to 1987) who died in 1992?
Vance Matthew Buck
Where is the headquarters of the production company directed by James May ?
Power Road , Chiswick, London
Are both Lucero and Electrasy from the U.S.?
no
Which division of UFC inlcudes both Tim Boetsch and Johny Hendricks?
Middleweight
What is the name of this 2015 South Korean martial arts/ romance period drama, starring Kim Ge-eun?
Memories of the Sword
Which band is this American drummer currently member of, whom Annihilator's album "All for You" featured for the second time?
Dream Theater
Henry Beaufort, 3rd Duke of Somerset was a commander during which wars to control the throne of England between 1455-1487?
Wars of the Roses
 Kenneth "Chi" McBride currently plays in a main role in an American action police procedural television series that premiered in what year?
2010
Was the Elektor TV Games Computer sold before the Sharp Corporation sold it's Ever-Sharp mechanical pencil?
The Elektor TV Games Computer (TVGC) was a programmable computer system sold by Elektor in kit form from 1979
The Garden Island is a daily newspaper, covering the islands of Kauai and Niihau, formerly owned by which organization, based in an unincorporated census-designated place (CDP), and the county seat of Kauai County, in Hawaii?
Scripps League Newspapers
Which documentary features Rick Sebak, Great Old Amusement Parks or Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat?
Great Old Amusement Parks
After whom was the defence installation of which, Ouvrage Le Lavoir is a part named ?
André Maginot,
Whith which record the French electronic musician of Ross Ross Ross was affiliated with?
Ed Banger Records
When was the American explorer which Andrew Ellicott  served as a teacher in survey methods for born 
August 18, 1774
Grindhouse is a horror film double feature consisting of  "Planet Terror" and an American exploitation film about a stuntman who murders young women in what?
staged car accidents
are Norm Green and Adoor Gopalakrishnan both nationals of the same country ?
no
Which architect that designed 8 House was born on 2 October 1974? 
Bjarke Ingels
Which author wrote a memoir called "Hillbilly Elegy", which was on "The New York Times" Best Seller list in 2016 and 2017?
James Donald Bowman
When was David Anders, the star of the 2009 movie " The Revenant", born?
March 11, 1981
Ocean's Kingdom is a ballet choreographed by a Danish Danseur who since 1990 has bore what?
sole responsibility for artistic leadership of City Ballet
What founder of ABKCO Music & Records Incorporated had legal fights with the Rolling Stones?
Allen Klein
Jeffrey "Jeff" Bushell created and wrote a film based on his dog Maggie that was produced by what studio?
Walt Disney Pictures
What annual football cup is known for its sponsorship by the German brewery that ranks number 2 among Germany's best selling beers?
Brandenburg Cup
Which of Donald Trump's reality shows did Elijah Connor star in?
The Ultimate Merger
Devon White was a player for what Canadian professional baseball team?
Toronto Blue Jays
Andrew C. von Eschenbach previously the 12th director of one of eleven agencies that are part of the U.S. Department of what?
Health and Human Services
Are at least some of the plants of both Valeriana and Physocarpus native to North America ?
yes
What is the nickname of Gairy St. Clair's hometown?
Garden City of the Caribbean
What Disney produced show  appeared on ABC and Disney junior with a hip hop rendition of a song originally written by Terry Gilkyson as it's theme?
Jungle Cubs
Österplana 065 was named by the non-profit organization founded in what year?
1933
Do Robb Flynn and G.O. both play in the heavy metal band Machine Head?
no
What year was the arena completed in which the 2015 NHL Entry Draft was held?
1998
A teen idol is a celebrity with a large teenage fan-base, often teen idols are actors or musicians, like Ariana Grande and who?
Niall Horan
What popular American chorus girl stared in silent melodrama A Fallen Idol?
Evelyn Nesbit
Who wrote the film starring Mara the Lioness and directed by James Hill?
Lester Cole
Are Hippeastrum and Desmodium both genus of plants ?
yes
Which artist featured in "Cloud Nine" is from South Gate, California?
Cypress Hill
What demon from Assyrian and Babylonian mythology is battled by Father Damien Karras in "The Exorcist" film series? 
Pazuzu
When was the group that erected the Lake Village Confederated Monument founded?
1894
 The Great State of Maine Air Show was run for a number of years by a military airport that reopened as what?
Brunswick Executive Airport
Dick Crealy and Peng Shuai, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
Which founder and retired chief executive of The Vanguard Group was hired by Walter L. Morgan in 1951 and became his heir at his company?
John Clifton "Jack" Bogle
Varick Park was an athletic complex located in a city named by what merchant?
Samuel Blodget
Kesha, an American recording artist, sings what song by producer Dr. Luke?
Tik Tok
 Jesse Frederick James Conaway is best known for writing and performing the theme to an American sitcom that was a spin-off of what series? 
Perfect Strangers
Are Angophora and Titanopsis both indigenous Genus of the same continent ?
no
Persuasion stars Rupert Penry-Jones and who else
Sally Hawkins
When was the university founded in which Kelly Packard is the head women's basketball coach?
1846
Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park is located in a ghost town that was established in which year ?
1897
which series directed by South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook is Lady Vengeance third installment
The Vengeance Trilogy
"The Boy Next Door" is a popular song in a musical film about what family?
Smith
Sofia Carson's first television appearance was on the Disney sitcom that premiered on what date?
December 2, 2011
Who has more titles, Leopold Lummerstorfer or Randal Kirk II?
Randal Kirk II
What do Noble Roman's and Ledo Pizza both have in common?
pizza company
In which city is this game company that released Famous Game Designers Playing Card Deck in 2011 that featured Don Greenwood as the king of spades?
Scottsdale, Arizona
What years were the saint from a state in Western India, south of Rajasthan, alive?
1667–1730 AD
Jakhal is a village in the Shekhawati region of Rajasthan, in which country, the main crops in the winter months include mustard oil, used for two different oils that are made from mustard seeds?
India
The mixed-use, urban complex where The Harmon was a highrise building at has how many square feet?
16797000
This census-designated place located in the Koolauloa District in a consolidated city–county that includes several minor outlying islands including all of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands except for which one?
Midway Atoll
Name the American musician, songwriter, record producer, graphic designer and lead vocalist in the rock band Linkin Park which he co-founded who was responsible for producing the song 'Final Masquerade'?
Mike Shinoda
Where is the base of a corporation that has a presence in Bomen, New South Wales?
Minnetonka, Minnesota
"Faint" is a song by the American rock band Linkin Park, from their second studio album "Meteora", the song would later be featured on the group's mashup EP, where it was mashed up with lyrics of the song Jigga What from "Vol.  2... Hard Knock Life", is the third studio album, by which American rapper?
Jay-Z
Which American horror film directed by Zack Snyder starred Irving Rameses "Ving" Rhames?
Dawn of the Dead
The Purcell Operatic Society was a company devoted to the works of which composer of Baroque-style music?
Henry Purcell
"Billie Jean" is a song by an American singer, songwriter and dancer who was dubbed what?
King of Pop
Where is the director of the 2014 American drama romantic comedy film, produced by Donna Gigliotti, based?
Greenwich Village, New York City
Where was the host of Man, Moment, Machine born ?
Alexandria, Virginia
What position did both Baker Mayfield and Trevor Knight play?
quarterback
Which fictional cosmic entity that consumes planets is the longtime Fantastic Four foe?
Galactus
"Lobo" and "Jonas Glim" are both characters published by which comic book company?
DC Comics
Which elementary cafeteria worker, also known as Chef, in South Park Colorado rushed Mephesto to Hell's Pass Hospital in "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut?"
Jerome "Chef" McElroy
Are both genera Smyrnium and Jaborosa of the family of similar flower plants?
no
Rick Witter and Harry Styles are both what?
singer, songwriter
What Canadian actress co-starred in The Cross Road? 
Shenae Grimes
Who starred in the lead role of the 2004 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts gangster comedy film for which Raymond Wong wrote the score?
Stephen Chow
Vanessa Kirby is an actress who played in what romantic comedy?
About Time
Which opera, Intermezzo or Destiny, has more acts?
Destiny
Which mountain is higer Lupghar Sar or Shishapangma?
Shishapangma
Cape Farewell is a headland in New Zealand, the most northerly point on the South Island, it was first mapped by Abel Tasman, he was a Dutch seafarer, explorer, and merchant, best known for his voyages of 1642 and which year, in the service of the Dutch East India Company (VOC)?
1644
What is the birthdate of the man that is being succeeded by Stuart Chambers?
8 April 1942
Emma Watson received critical accolades for what character role in a movie based on J.K. Rowling's book of the same name?
Hermione Granger
Craig Frost is known as the keyboardist fo an American rock band whose names is a play on words of what?
Grand Trunk Western Railroad
 Jon Amiel and Kurt Gerron have what in common?
film director
The Commanding Army General during the United States Forces - Iraq was the 12th commander of what unit?
United States Central Command
Edward Keonjian and Edward Avedisian, have what in common?
Edward
Which organization manages the Colne and Blackpool South railway stations?
Northern
Which is a magazine that has a subscription service available for mobile devices, The New York Enterprise Report or Hour Detroit?
Hour Detroit
What French hard rock metal band dedicated a studio disc to an Australian singer and songwriter born 9 July 1946?
Trust
Edward F. Cline and Mike Hodges, are screenwriters?
yes
What actress and singer is overdubbed in German by Gabrielle Pietermann?
Selena Gomez
A band that formed in 1996 and obtained a Grammy Award working with Jack Joseph Puig is fronted by what female singer?
Gwen Stefani
Black existentialism or Africana critical theory is a school of thought that "critiques domination and affirms the empowerment of Black people in the world" and may also be seen as method, which allows one to read works by African-American writers such as W. E. B. Du Bois, James Baldwin, and Ralph Ellison, best known for what novel?
"Invisible Man"
Who is credited with composing the music for the song named in a famous Guatemalan lottery dedicated to help the deafblind?
A. Longo
Prasad's dance choreographer is what Indian choreographer, who was noted as one of the first to bring contemporary jazz and western forms of dance to India?
Shiamak Davar
Blood Link starred which actor and musician, known for his role on Law and Order?
Michael Moriarty
Lee Towndrow worked as a visual effects artist on what 2015 British-American romantic drama film that was directed by Todd Haynes?
Carol
What magazine launched in August 2001, Filament or Elle Girl?
Elle Girl
Which Caldwell County native founded J.C. Penney stores in 1902? 
James Cash Penney
What NCAA Division II conference featured former NFL and CFL star SHadrick McAfee?
Gulf South Conference
What is the king of this ancient nation, in which the people worshiped Imentet as a goddess representing the necropolises west of the Nile, called?
pharaoh
Westport Airport, in the district of Wichita, is in the Class C airspace of which neighbouring airport which is the largest and busiest in the state of Kansas?
Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport
Racism without Racists was published by the house founded in what year?
1949
Vanessa Seward worked for an American fashion designer who directed what 2009 film?
A Single Man
In what year was the executive producer of Mannix born?
1930
When was the Isle of Man transferred from ITV Granada to ITV Border, previously Border Television?
15 July 2009
What animal does Galgo Español and Akita have in common?
dog
The current holder of Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year plays for what Spanish football club?
FC Barcelona
Sofia Black-D'Elia, is an American actress, as of 2017, she stars as Sabrina on comedy "The Mick", an American sitcom television series broadcast, on which organization?
Fox
When did Olav Bjaaland arrive at the South Pole?
14 December 1911
Roland Harper, is a former professional American football player who played running back for eight seasons for the Chicago Bears, he was a starting fullback known in his playing days as a punishing blocker who opened holes in opposing defenses for which star halfback, and an American football running back who played for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL) for thirteen seasons?
Walter Jerry Payton
Which area, known for gambling, was the 2015 Miss Universe Pagent held?
Las Vegas
Which river crossed the city which was at 40 km southwest from Fabro?
Tiber
Deconstructed contained a song that was used in the comedy horror film directed by whom?
Anthony Waller
A bogle, boggle, or bogill is a Northumbrian and Scots term for a ghost or folkloric being, used for a variety of related folkloric creatures including Barghest, n Northern English folklore, the Barghest or Barguest is a mythical monstrous black dog with large teeth and claws, though in other cases the name can refer to a ghost or household elf, especially in Northumberland and Durham, such as which location?
Cauld Lad of Hylton
Who was the composer of the 2011 British-American 3D computer-animated fantasy romantic comedy family film loosely based on William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet?"
Chris Bacon
The passage of the General Survey Act followed the landmark Supreme Court ruling, Gibbons v. Ogden, which was argued by what exiled Irish patriot?
Thomas Addis Emmet
Which magazine is published more frequently, Donna Moderna or Kotiliesi?
Donna Moderna
What helmet typically associated with the Prussian Army was replaced by a steel helmet during World War I?
Pickelhaube
When was the performer of the song "Lil Ghetto Boy"?
February 18, 1965
The German 4th Panzer Army participated in what operation in November 1942?
Operation Winter Storm
What is the name of the capital located at in Cumberland East Bay that Mount Duse is surmounting ?
King Edward Point
When was Ajit Sharma's daughter born?
21 November 1987
Edwin A. Zundel was a West Point graduate in the same class as the first Chairman of what military position?
Joint Chiefs of Staff
What is the height of the Chinese professional basketball player drafted by the Houston Rockets in 2002?
2.29 m
Which music artist is a collaboration between Luke Wood and Jesse Hartman, Sammy or Sunrise Avenue?
Sammy
What place has 17,886 people according to the 2010 census and is home to a high school that had a 4x100 relay team that was ranked 4th in the United States?
North Massapequa
The Ghanaian footballer nicknamed "The Bison" graduated from an academy located in the suburbs of what city?
Bastia
Which contains more species, Stewartia or Veronica?
Veronica
Capitol Wrestling Corporation Ltd. founded by Jess McMahon is now run by who?
Vincent Kennedy McMahon
Hard Choices: Moral Dilemmas in Humanitarian Intervention is a non-fiction compilation book with a noteworthy contributor to the book who was a British racing driver who died during what 1973 race?
Dutch Grand Prix
What star of the film Vanadevatha won the Odakkuzhal Award?
Yusufali Kechery
Loveman's is located in the division of Tennessee that contains how many counties?
33
What was the code name for this Allied operation in WWII, also known as D-Day?
Operation Overlord
What is the name of the band who released an album named after a city known for its large number of psychics?
Bright Eyes
Which movie is based on a book by John Michael Green and was directed by Josh Boone?
The Fault in Our Stars
What company does Bob Peterson who Co wrote Cars 3 work for?
Pixar
Are Minutemen and Muzzle both rock bands?
yes
When did the Democratic senator in the United States vice-presidential debate of 1976 run for presidential election?
1984
Which American director was also a designer, Richard Whorf or Robert Moore?
Richard Whorf
"A More Perfect Union" is the name of a speech delivered by then Senator and future President Barack Obama on which date, Obama was responding to a spike in the attention paid to controversial remarks made by the Reverend Jeremiah Wright, his former pastor and, until shortly before the speech, a participant in his campaign?
March 18, 2008
Bulbinella and Globularia plants can be both found in what continent?
Africa
Who is older, Matthew Vaughn or Luis Valdez?
Luis Valdez
What year did Kelli O'Hara perform on Broadway in Nice Work if You Can Get It?
2012
Which tree that is native to North America, Mexico, and Central America does Phyllocnistis liquidambarisella use as a host plant?
Liquidambar styraciflua
 WGFR (92.7 FM) is a radio station currently owned by Board of Trustees of a public college that adopted its present name on what date?
March 1, 2010
What year was the composer of the song "Prisencolinensinainciusol" born?
1938
Are Leucogenes and Stylophorum from the same country?
no
Tokyo International Airport, commonly known as Haneda Airport , is one of the two primary airports that serve the Greater Tokyo Area, and is the primary base of Japan's two major domestic airlines, which one is the largest airline in Japan?
All Nippon Airways Co., Ltd.
What field of work do both Gerhard Thiele and Léopold Eyharts have in common?
ESA astronaut
The Maine Women's Hall of Fame was created in 1990 to honor the achievements of women associated with the U.S. state of Maine, which organization displays the hall of fame in its Bennett D. Katz Library, and also hosts the hall of fame online at its website?
University of Maine at Augusta (UMA)
The Godfather's Revenge includes a plot that implicates which Robert Duvall-played character in a murder?
Tom Hagen
Are Jang Joon-hwan and Rudolf Schwarzkogler both from the same country ?
no
Ron Fricke and Jacques Becker, have which occupation in common?
film director
Are both Florida Atlantic University and İzmir Institute of Technology in Florida?
no
Who has more education relating to the medical field, John Najarian or Seth Rollins?
John S. Najarian
Known for voicing Captain Hook in the 1953 film "Peter Pan", who was the actor who starred in the 1981 show "American Dream?"
Hans Conried
 Dohonna Malik Scott holds notable wins over a boxer that has been challenged twice by who?
Wladimir Klitschko
What month was the second album performed on the Drowned World Tour released?
September
What is the name of the league that celebrated its 87th season, in which Club Deportivo Leganés participated in?
2017–18 La Liga
In what city was a scheme to increase Culture spawned by the reading of an American classic set in Monroeville, Alabama?
Chicago
How many Teen Choice Awards did the second song of the album that was rereleased with a limited "Black Clouds and Underdogs" edition win??
two
What episode number is this episode of The Simpsons in the seventh season, ariring May 19, 1996, in which Shinin' On was the title song?
24th
The home ground stadium for FC Copenhagen hosted a crowd of how many during the 2010 Danish Cup Final?
18,856
Finnish Spitz and Irish Setter are breeds of what type of animal?
breed of dog
Which actor starred in both the drama series "The Killing" and the Danish movie "April 9th"?
Lars Mikkelsen
The Man stars an actor who has appeared in all eight of what films?
"American Pie"
Are Kathy Jordan and Martin Damm both former tennis players ?
yes
The Sen. John Holmes House, named after U.S. Senator John Holmes, is located in which state?
Maine
St. Charles Borromeo Church is located on which Native American tribe's land?
The Sioux
In between Built to Spill and Zvuki Mu, which one is Russian?
Zvuki Mu
Was Max Joseph and Ed Wood both an American filmmaker and a producer? 
no
Guillermo Vilas and Andrés Gómez, have which mutual occupation?
professional tennis player
The 2015–16 Hofstra Pride men's basketball team represented Hofstra University is a private, non-profit, nonsectarian university in which country, during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season?
United States
What was the occupation of the man from the fifth-largest city in the state of Ohio who was declared dead in 1960 and later found alive?
cookware salesman
What genre is the 2000 film that Todd Phillips is best known for?
comedy
Both MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and Children's National Medical Center are located in which U.S. city?
Washington, D.C.
Criminal is a film that features which Israeli actress and model?
Gal Gadot-Varsano
A Brilliant Genocide was written about a revolution started by which resistance leader?
Joseph Kony
Who were the other two people of the trial that John Port was involved in besides the second wife of King Henry VIII?
Sir Thomas More, John Fisher
Glimpse of the Garden (1957) was created by a filmmaker that was this nationality?
American
Do both Brian Molko and Tony Harnell have connections to the music industry?
yes
which affiliate of Nixon has its headquarters in New york, New York?
Barneys New York
Which mountain range is located in both Georgia and Virginia?
The Blue Ridge Mountains
What is the name of the series of poems written between 1949 and 1955 by an English-American poet best known for "Funeral Blues"?
Horae Canonicae
What is the population as of the 2010 census of the city the 2016 Central Oklahoma Bronchos football team played their home games in?
81,405
Which opera has more acts, Lucrezia Borgia or Nixon in China?
Nixon in China
What is the green that centres the village where Greystoke Castle is located, surrounded by?
stone houses and cottages.
What television series is based on a film starring an actor who appeared in Mickey Blue Eyes and Notting Hill?
About a Boy
Who has more scope of profession, René Clair or Max Linder?
Max Linder
Tim Daggett appeared in the 1984 LA Olympics alongside which owner of a Norman, Oklahoma-based gymnastics academy?
Bart Conner
Falmouth is a census-designated place (CDP) within the town of Falmouth in Cumberland County, a county located in the state of Maine, in which country?
United States.
Are Boy George and Florence Welch both from England?
yes
In what year was Bruno Rezende's sport added to the Pan American Games?
1955
What is the name of the dealer typically employed by casinos who might work the game Blackjack Switch patented in 2009?
croupier
Are Ceropegia and Pilea in the same family?
no
Which of the navel leader was replace by the man who succeeded Adolf Hitler?
Erich Johann Albert Raeder
Peter Gene Hernandez wrote the song "Long Distance" for which studio album?
Human
Which English Romantic poet wrote the sonnet that inspired the character Ozymandias on the children's television show Ace of Wands?
Percy Bysshe Shelley
Ty Dolla Sign appeared on the 2014 album Ohio belonging to which American rapper? 
Stalley
What American playwright, stage director and screenwriter of a screenplay "Rope"?
Arthur Laurents
Which animated Walt Disney Feature had original songs written by Elton John and scores composed by Nick Glennie-Smith?
The Lion King
For what team is the cricket bowler, who is considered to be the fastest, play a role of captain?
Karachi Dolphins
One of the film stars in the Australian comedy film "Now Add Honey", is recognized for playing Elle Woods in the Australian production of which film?
"Legally Blonde: The Musical"
In Brierley Hill what factory was closed down in 1980s to develop a shopping center made in the 1985 and 1990?
Round Oak Steelworks
What is formerly the Cowboys Stadium where the 2015 Cotton Bowl classic was played?
AT&T Stadium
Wendell Phillips Before the Concord Lyceum, is an essay style letter-to-the-editor written by Henry David Thoreau, an essayist, poet, philosopher, abolitionist, naturalist, tax resister, development critic, surveyor, and historian, of which nationality? 
American
Which tennis player is from the United States, Shelby Cannon or Pierre-Hugues Herbert?
Shelby Cannon
Based on their current home, is The Fray or OK Go based further west?
OK Go
What American actor had roles in both films "The Litte Hours" and "Warm Bodies"?
Dave Franco
What is the year of the event which occurred first, Angourie Rice was born, or The Nice Guys was produced?
2001
Are Hassan al-Banna and Abu Yusuf both Egyptian schoolteachers?
no
What role on "Love in the Moonlight" is  a South Korean actress and model recognized for, who also featured in a South Korean television series starring So Ji-sub and Shin Min-a ?
Princess Myung-eun
Ulm Campaign was influential in the development of a plan during which war?
World War I
Who was the writer of a British sitcom in which Andrew Brooke was appeared?
Graham Linehan
What team holds the contract for the former team captain of the Union Dutchmen?
Tampa Bay Lightning
Corbin Bleu starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Jump In" in what year?
2007
Which vocalist does Pleaseeasaur and The Dead Milkmen have in common?
Joe Genaro
One of the guests of VHIs Big in '06 Awards, who has appeared on shows like "Star Search" and "The All-New Mickey Mouse Club", was the youngest member of which band?
NSYNC
Cheryl D. Mills (born 1965) is an American lawyer and corporate executive, she has served as Senior Adviser and Counsel for Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign, and is considered a member of Hillary Clinton's group of core advisers, self-designated as "Hillaryland", the self-designated name of a group of core advisors to Hillary Clinton, when she was First Lady of the United States and again when, as United States Senator, she was one of the Democratic Party candidates for President, in which election event?
2008 U.S. election
Aggregate Industries is a member of the company that has a presence in how many countries?
90
Who is sometimes considered the author of the official national anthem of Bermuda?
John Bull
What movie did Kyle Richards star in, besides The Watcher in the Woods?
Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive"
Hey, Hey, Hey, It's Fat Albert is an animated primetime special which originally aired on November 12, 1969 on NBC, it would later inspire the long-running 1972 animated series "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids", an American animated series created, produced, and hosted (in live action bookends), by which comedian?
Bill Cosby
The second wife of writer-producer Salim Khan co-starred with Tun Tun in what 1963 film?
Captain Sheroo
Who is the current reigning monarch whose dynastic lineage is associated with the historic Republic of Genoa in Italy?
Albert II
The Boca Grande Bike Path is a 6.5 mile multi-use path in a residential community that is part of which Statistical Area ?
the Cape Coral–Fort Myers Metropolitan Statistical Area
Which German term, meaning "total work of art" is used to discribe TRIP – Remix Your Experience by Frank Otto and Bernt Köhler-Adams? 
Gesamtkunstwerk
Anyonya Co-operative Bank Limited (ACBL) located in the city of Vadodara, in Gujarat, is the first of what type of institution in India, that take deposits and lend money in most parts of the world?
Cooperative banking
Scare Campaign starred the actress who also played whom in "The Visit"?
Becca
Thurmond is a town in Fayette County, West Virginia, the town was the filming location for Matewan, a 1987 American drama film, written and directed by who?
John Sayles
What is the best known song of this American musician, singer and songwriter who scored the most songs on the "Billboard" country music charts?
He Stopped Loving Her Today
an American public research university in the Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada which houses the School of Dental Medicine represents which program which began on September 14, 1968 and is coached by former Bishop Gorman High School head coach, Tony Sanchez?
UNLV Rebels football
Among what group of people made guidebooks or poems popular of a list of remarkable constructions of classical antiquity, including a Greek temple dedicated to the goddess Artemis that was completely rebuilt three times before its final destruction in 401 AD ?
Hellenic tourists
The film "Puteri Impian" is dedicated to a woman that died in what year?
1997
Tim Cluess took over as head coach of men's basketball at Iona College for a man that is the current head coach at what university?
Seton Hall University
in the "Search Committee"  episode, Deangelo's new replacement is sought out through a search committee process led by a character whose role is played by an American actor who was born when?
October 20, 1979
What band composed the song Steppin' in a Slide Zone?
The Moody Blues
Are both the Amsonia and the Syagrus genius found in North America?
no
Who is the director of the upcoming American comedy-drama film starring the actress who played the role of Spencer Hastings in Freeform's "Pretty Little Liars"?
Richard Linklater
How did the editor of Nuclear Weapons: The Road to Zero describe himself?
"Pole with a British passport"
What role-playing game, published by Dream Pod 9 in 1992, had it's graphics designed by Ghislain Barbe?
Jovian Chronicles
Which company is one of the largest banks in the United States, Charles Schwab Corporation or Michael Kors?
Charles Schwab Corporation
The Glaciogenic Reservoir Analogue Studies Project is based in what largest and oldest Dutch public technological university, located in Delft, Netherlands?
Delft University of Technology
When was the original writer of "Songs Of Love" born?
7 November 1970
The 2012–13 Coppin State Eagles men's basketball team represented a college located in what US city?
Baltimore
Are Quito and Røros both capitals of countries?
no
Who carried the Olympic torch the year Dieter Bakeloh finished fourth in the individual large hill event in Innsbruck?
Joseph Rieder
Are Willow and Semele both species of tree?
no
Which album by Beyoncé has the song Ave Maria on it?
I Am... Sasha Fierce
What year was service founded which the  The Italian Meteorological Service is part of?
1923
What is the population, according to the 2016 census, of the suburb of Melbourne where Hume City Bulldogs Rugby League Club is based ?
50,347
What was the official title of the murder case involving NFL player Orenthal James Simpson that involved jury sequestration?
People of the State of California v. Orenthal James Simpson
What awards did the creator of a musical based on the 1957 movie of the same name, become only one of two people to win along with Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony awards?
Pulitzer Prize
Wayne State University and University of Wisconsin–Madison share similar status in what way? 
public research university
Q1: Which tennis player has won more ranked matches, Svetlana Kuznetsova or Julien Benneteau? A1: Svetlana Kuznetsova
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova
What English University grew out of scholars who left another university and has a professorship which a canonry of Ely Cathedral increased the stipend of?
University of Cambridge
Which American actress, producer, and entrepreneur does the 1997 American Walt Disney television film "Beverly Hills Family Robinson" star who appeared in "An Invasion of Privacy" (1983)?
Sarah Michelle Gellar
The actor that played "Stiles" Stilinski in the series "Teen Wolf", co-starred with Mark Wahlberg and Kurt Russell in what 2016 film?
Deepwater Horizon
What is a 12.4 mi railway line in Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota on the BNSF Railway's route operated by the BNSF Railway?
The Midway Subdivision
In which category did this American actor, comedian, and singer who appeared in "Borderland" win the Saturn Award in 1997?
Best Supporting Actor
What Barbadian singer supported her third studio album tour at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, United Kingdom held on December 6, 2007?
Rihanna
The film that involves a destructive love triangle and stars Lee Jung-jae, was directed by who?
Im Sang-soo
Midewin National Tallgrass Prairie is located on the site of a former United States Army arsenal that opened during which war?
World War II
The actress who played Margaret in The Wars of the Roses was of what nationality?
English
The Mighty Lemon Drops and Mazzy Star, share which genre?
rock
Which American War film included an Australian actress that played in the film "Careful What You Wish For"?
Red Dawn
What is the name of this animation division of Warner Bros. that produced Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain?
Warner Bros. Animation
Which of the following is a title that is responsible for the daily operations of the company: Chief Visionary Officer or Chief Operating Officer?
Chief Operating Officer
Where is the company who released the United States dub of The Legend of Buddha located?
Burbank, California
Disney's Fluppy Dogs is a one-hour animated television special which aired on November 27 (Thanksgiving), 1986 on ABC, animation was supplied by TMS Entertainment, who had previously been contracted by Disney for Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears, an American animated television series that first aired in the United States from 1985 to what year?
1991
What war lasted from 1618-1648 and included the Battle of La Marfee?
Thirty Years' War
Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson plays an HBO character who first appears in book form in what year?
1996
What company released both Miracle of the White Stallions and The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band?
Walt Disney
Where did Thomas James "Tom" Hamilton coach and is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis, Maryland?
The United States Naval Academy
In which European mountain range will you find the mountains Grassen and Titlis both found between the cantons of Obwalden and Berne?
Alps
Which university was founded first, Case Western Reserve University or Harvard University?
Harvard University
For which film did the actor, who starred in Finders Keepers with Beverly D'Angelo, receive a Golden Globe Award ? 
The Great Santini
Are Ben Okri and Henry Charles Frank Morant both writers?
yes
In what states were eleven people murdered by the American teenaged spree killer whose murder spree the film Badlands is based on?
Nebraska and Wyoming
Which musican is part of the band Memphis May Fire, Matty Mullins or Steve Winwood?
Matty Mullins
Which movie was based on a true story, Zoo or Victory Through Air Power?
Zoo
Which war was ended with the Ottoman's defeat at the Battle of Zenta?
War of the Holy League
What colorless fammable gas does Dedar Bayou manufacture?
Ethylene
Mutualism is an economic theory and anarchist school of thought that advocates a society where each person might possess a means of production, either individually or in purely ? collectives, with trade representing equivalent amounts of labor in the free market, integral to the scheme is the establishment of a mutual-credit bank, is a financial institution chartered by a central or regional government, without capital stock, that is owned by its members who subscribe to a common fund? 
voluntary
What American professional boxer, boxing commentator, boxing trainer, rapper, and actor, was involved in fights refereed by Ron Lipton?
Roy Jones Jr.
When did Rudyard Kipling's character Baloo's second movie produced?
2003
Are Asparagus and Buddleja both types of bush?
no
The song on the band's debut album, Are You Experienced, by the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on which date?
May 12, 1967
Miho Obana, is a shōjo manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan, her best-known work was "Kodoma no Omocha", also known as "Kodocha", which was published in Ribon, a monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by who?
Shueisha
Discovery KIds, a channel that is part of American digital cable and satellite television channel Discovery Family, shows a spin-off  of the home redecorating series, "Trading Spaces", hosted by whom?
Diane Mizota
Egbert van Drielst studied the works of the preeminent landscape painter of which age?
Dutch Golden Age
Latin Trade and The Progressive Populist, are which form of media entertainment?
magazine
Jenna Bush Hager, is an American teacher, author, and journalist, she and her sister who, were the first twin children of a U.S. president, and is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters?
Barbara Pierce Bush Jr.
Who is older, Micky Dolenz or Raul Malo?
George Michael Dolenz, Jr.
What is the investment cost of the center soon to be located in Jackson Park?
$500 Million Investment
The cave that contained the mummified remains of the Si-Te-Cah tribe was placced on the National Register of Historic Places in what year?
1984
What year was the film Clare Foley played Ashley in released?
2012
Jesper Langalle was a politician representing a right-wing party that was founded by whom?
Pia Kjærsgaard
On what birthday of Dr. Seuss was a film Kool Kojak worked on released?
108th
Are Columbia University and Cornell University both private institutions?
yes
Broken Lives was written by Estelle Blackburn between 1992 and 1998, the book is about the false imprisonment of two people, who were both convicted for murders that were later proved to be committed by Eric Cooke the last man hanged in Western Australia in which location?
Fremantle Gaol
What school district is the fourth most populous city in Colorado located in?
Poudre School District
Do the dog breeds Patterdale Terrier and Shikoku both originate in Japan?
no
When was the third box set from the American singer, who was called the Queen of Tejano music, released?
March 9, 2010
The 2009 slasher film, Sorority Row, featuring Carrie Fisher was based off the script of "The House on Sorority Row" written by which two individuals?
Mark Rosman and Bobby Fine
What was the school in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England that Keith Martin Ball was educated originally called?
Berkhamsted Collegiate School
Where was the last team coached by Christian Preußer based?
Erfurt, Thuringia
Which "Days of our Lives" actress once worked on a sitcom with Melissa Joan Hart?
Taylor Spreitler
Which movie came our first Dinosaur or Toy Story 2 ?
Toy Story 2
When was the 2014 event in Aspen held in which Amy Sheehan competed? 
January 23 to January 26, 2014
What is the name of the rock musical with music, lyrics and books by Jonathan Larwson and starred Anthony Rapp as Mark Cohen?
Rent
Are Archie Mayo and Pierre Morel both film director and cinematographers?
no
What type of publication does The Writer and Wired and have in common?
magazine
Which occurred first the Battle of Cold Harbor or the Lorraine Campaign?
The Battle of Cold Harbor
Who was the director of the 2000 mockumentary comedy film starring the actor who played Frank Costanza on the NBC sitcom "Seinfeld"?
Stephen Kessler
What game released in 2003 has similar gameplay to Chicken Little?
Tak and the Power of Juju
Aerangis and Satureja can both be found on which continent?
Africa
The club song of the Adelaide Football Club is to the tune of the oldest official song in what?
the United States Armed Forces
Who designed the interior of the ocean liner that was the flagship of the Cunard Line from May 1936 until October 1946 when she was replaced in that role by "Queen Elizabeth"?
Marion Victoria Dorn
Who is younger, Spike Jonze or Brad Silberling?
Spike Jonze
Who played the role of Professor Sprout in the "Harry Potter" films and also played in Botternikes and Gumble, an animated series that originally aired in Australia and the U.K., but later came re-dubbed to Netflix in the United States?
Miriam Margolyes
Jack McEvoy and Harry Bosch, are characters created by which American author?
Michael Connelly
Wilma Glodean Rudolph, was an American sprinter from Clarksville, Tennessee, who became a world-record-holding Olympic champion and international sports icon in track and field, due to the worldwide television coverage of the 1960 Summer Olympics, Rudolph became an international star along with other Olympic athletes such as which American former National Basketball Association player who played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks?
Oscar Robertson
Are Kyosuke Himuro and Serri both singers and songwriters?
yes
Vicente García, is a Dominican singer, songwriter and composer, Garcia has collaborated in concerts with renowned artists like Ximena Sariñana Rivera, is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actress, in which year, did she receive critical acclaim and a Grammy nomination for her debut album, "Mediocre"?
2009
Name the South Korean action noir film directed by Park Sang-jun which features Lee Tae-im in a supporting role?
For the Emperor
Has David Ignatow written as many books as Astrid Lindgren?
no
Which singer that was born in Colombia in 1977 has Ric Fierabracci toured with?
Shakira
In 2016, what honor was bestowed posthumously to Kenneth Stabler in Canton, Ohio?
Pro Football Hall of Fame
Are Béla Bartók and Hector Berlioz both composers?
yes
Zach McGowan played in what 2009 American post-apocalyptic science fiction war film? 
Terminator Salvation
While Opuntia is from the genus of the cactus family, what genus is the Houttuynia?
two species in the Saururaceae
The Social Network is a 2010 film produced by company which was formed by Kevin Spacey?
Trigger Street Productions
In which year was the village in which Van Cortlandt Manor is located founded?
1898
Where is the town that Claudia Testoni was born in located?
Northern Italy
What began as a result of the size of the domestic market and the use of mass-production, that use's a radio station in metro Detroit as the primary provider of news involving it?
automotive industry in the United States
how is Walking on Thin Ice and The Dakota related?
New York City
Both Curt Doussett and The Walt Disney Company originate from which US state?
California
Which British/Canadian/American animated series timed by Lindsey Pollard and created by Brian Wood features two not-so identical twin brothers who live with their germophobic mother?
The Cramp Twins
Which deity, who is often depicted carrying a sword and sitting on a buffalo, has a temple dedicated to them in Dombivli near Mumbai?
Shani
Ghassan Shakaa was appointed to the mayoral position by which political leader?
Mohammed Yasser Abdel Rahman Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa
What actress starred in "The Office" as receptionist Erin Hannon for the final five seasons and played the title character on the Netflix original series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt"?
Elizabeth Claire Kemper
Ross Matthews and Carson Kressley filled the space on "RuPaul's Drag Race" previously occupied by which fashion designer who appears on "Project Runway"?
Santino Rice
Who directed the film in which Joseph Pilato played Captain Rhodes?
George A. Romero
Which was developed in Asia,  Kanni or French Spaniel?
Kanni
Do the bands The Telescopes and Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker have members of the same nationality?
no
Claus Dierksmeier (born May 17, 1971 in Pforzheim) is a German philosopher, since 2002 he was a professor at the Stonehill College, a private, non-profit, coeducational, Roman Catholic, liberal arts college located in Easton, Massachusetts, United States, founded in which year?
1948
In between Junction Canal and California Aqueduct which one was last used in 1871, and was then abandoned?
Junction Canal
Are Anne Frank and Isabel Colegate both authors?
yes
Ludwig Göransson is a Swedish composer best known for his work on U.S. TV sitcoms, he's best known for composing the music for which 2011 American comedy film?
30 Minutes or Less
Which US Ford car is in its sixth generation, and introduced the Ford AXOD transmission on its debut in 1986?
Ford Taurus
What position does Shakira's boyfriend play?
centre-back
Larry Dorsey played college football at a university located in which city ?
Nashville, Tennessee
What actress starred in Gladiator and a movie with Shia LaBeouf?
Connie Inge-Lise Nielsen
The Water Engine was inspired by a play of an artist born in what year?
1947
Sniper Wolf is a fictional character who appears in the 1998 stealth game "Metal Gear Solid", produced by what video game company?
Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
When was the album that contained the song "Gold Dust Woman" released?
4 February 1977
Who was the director of the movie in which Keira Christina Knightley gained recognition?
Gurinder Chadha
Which star of "Mystery Man" was also in "Mallrats"?
Claire Forlani
In which album was the Lionel Richie-composed hit ballad released by American soul group the Commodores and produced by James Anthony Carmichael?
Natural High
What vocalist born in 1969 helped release the debut album "Dropbox"?
Sully Erna
Which video game did Alexey Pajitnov design that was the inspiration for the game WildSnake?
Tetris
What television network employs Dana Rose DeLorenzo in Ash vs Evil Dead?
Starz
On which day was the studio album of the American hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan released, that came before their album "The W"?
June 3, 1997
What was published in 1984 and contains a short story called "The Red Convertible"?
Love Medicine
Which of the following women was the first woman promoted to Master Chief Petty Officer in the US Navy: Anna Der-Vartanian or Eve Beglarian?
Anna Der-Vartanian
The founder of the The Hammer Museum ran what company from 1957 until his death?
Occidental Petroleum
In between Todd Woodbridge and Ekaterina Makarova who turned professional in 1988?
Todd Andrew Woodbridge
Jack Zwerner won an event at which Las Vegas-based set of tournaments?
World Series of Poker
Who was born first Orhan Pamuk or William Kennedy?
William Joseph Kennedy
Which Soviet drama film did this Soviet and Russian actor acclaimed for his portrayal of noble and positive characters direct in 1959?
The Overcoat
Which is a movie, Cool Runnings or The Graveyard Book?
Cool Runnings
Fishbone and Let's Active are both on the East Coast?
no
80 South Street and One World Trade Center, are located in which city?
New York City
What founding member of the Wu-tang Clan also worked on soundtrack of the television series "Afro Samurai"?
GZA
Michael Grant is the head coach for Coppin State University which is a member-school of what college fund?
Thurgood Marshall College Fund
Angelique Kerber and Hana Mandlíková are both what?
tennis player
A-Hunting We Will Go is a popular folk song and nursery rhyme by who, he was an English composer, best known for the patriotic song "Rule Britannia"?
Thomas Arne
Sesame Street Magazine and The Wittenburg Door, are which form of entertainment?
magazine
Ruben Jaghinyan is a Soviet and Armenian actor in a Russian humour TV show that first aired in what year?
1961
What is the name of the pianist and famed pedagogue who studied at the Julliard School in New York with Bo Staffan Scheja?
Rosina Lhévinne
What is the nationality of the author of Preservative against Popery?
British
The 1989 Kiev International Tournament  was played at the stadium located on the slopes of which hill?
Cherepanov Hill
What is the previous name of British-based information and workflow experts RELX Group?
Reed Elsevier
Who directed the film, for which Thomas Bangalter  supplied compositions as a solo artist ? 
Gaspar Noé
The Leopard, in Italian, The Serval, a 1963 Italian epic period drama film by director Luchino Visconti, the serval ("Leptailurus serval"), also known as the tierboskat, is a wild cat found in which continent?
Africa
Chivas 1-2-3 changed its name to Sorcerer on the Rocks to prevent legal fight with which blended Scotch whisky that is part of Pernod Ricard?
Chivas Regal
who directed the American sports comedy film which Sandler appeared in 
Dennis Dugan
Who is the character drawn by Terrence Dodson and created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm?
Harley Quinn
Both Brad Green and the 2000 AFL Grand Finals are associated with what country?
Australian
What is the birthdate of this Dutch former professional footballer and current manager, who is the younger brother of Carlos Hasselbaink?
27 March 1972
Orchard Estates is located within a county in New Jersey with a population of what in 2016?
625,846
What was the nationality of the person who wrote the original screenplay for "Screamers"?
American
Which philosophical movement that developed in the late 1820s and 1830s is Frederic Henry Hedge part of 
Transcendentalism
The Conference USA Men's Soccer Freshman of the Year has gone to the Bosnian player who plays for which Bundesliga club?
Hertha BSC
Which Supreme Court case dealt with racial covenants on real estate, Medellín v. Texas or Shelley v. Kraemer?
Shelley v. Kraemer
Pumpkin 3D is an animation studio whose past work includes a film based on a novel by who?
Marjane Satrapi
How many baseball seasons did this American former professional baseball catcher of New York Mets and Los Angeles Dodgers play, for whom the American artist Tom Tsuchiya was commissioned to produce the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum plaque bas-reliefs?
16 seasons
What was destroyed in St. Patrick's Parish on July 30, 1916?
stained glass windows
What American dialiect known as Southern Mountain English has been extensively researched by linguist Walt Wolfram?
Appalachian English
What sort of typing is taught by the software in which Mavis Beacon is a fictional character?
touch typing
Which is the fourth episode of the tv series "Black Mirror", directed by Owen Harris?
San Junipero
Which Holy Roman Emperor did Raphael Sobiehrd-Mnishovsky of Sebuzin and of Horstein serve under?
Rudolf II
Did Kevin Ullyett and Frederik Nielsen play in men's singles?
no
What documentary film was released first, Harlan County, USA or Iran?
Harlan County, USA
The Rose Bowl, a United States National Historic Landmark, and the 11th largest NCAA stadium hosted which game that ended the NCAA Division 1 FBS 2013-14 season?
2014 BCS National Championship
Uncle Ben's was introduced by the company that was later bought by which global manufacturer?
Mars
Cranium and Upwords are both owned by which parent corporation?
Hasbro
The former Zimbabwean cricketer was born in the capital city with the population of how many?
1,606,000
The Sydney Ghost Train was first constructed in 1931, and had been transported from a city located on the shores of which bay ?
Holdfast Bay
St Andrew Hubbard was a parish church in the Billingsgate ward of the City of London, and was destroyed in which major conflagration that swept through the central parts of the English city of London from Sunday, 2 September to Wednesday, 5 September 1666?
Great Fire of London
When was the insurance company founded, whose near collapse was investigated by George William Penrose, Lord Penrose ?
1762
Who was born first, Piet Norval or Raúl Ramírez?
Raúl Ramírez
 2011–12 FC Schalke 04 season's top scorer is known by what nickname?
"The Hunter"
"Duffless" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons" season that started with which episode ?
"Kamp Krusty"
What plant do flowers  used primarily as a flavoring and stability agent in beer that are grown on  long distance path of 108 mi in southeast England, from Haslemere in Surrey to Hamstreet in Kent?
Humulus lupulus
The Florida Firecats were a professional arena football team based in what county?
Lee County
Where was the the Festival of Empire held on 6 May 1910?
The Crystal Palace in London
Which man is credited for working on the team of both Animation Domination High-Def and The Problem Solverz?
Ben Jones
ImageMovers is an American independent film studio which produced a motion-capture fantasy film written and directed by who?
Robert Zemeckis
What 2015 American psychological thriller film written and directed by Aaron Hann and Mario Miscione, includes a cast member who is also an aerialist?
Circle
Christopher Figg, is a film producer from the town of Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, he was executive producer on Coriolanus , a British film, released in which year, an adaptation of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Coriolanus"?
2011
Pontus Jansson plays for a an English team that was formed in which year ?
1919
Who were the children of the woman who was killed byThe Taphians and Teleboans?
Iphicles and Laonome
Who was the runner-up on the tenth season of "American Idol" and featured in a song by American country music singer Kane Brown?
Lauren Alaina
Who lived longer, Dario Fo or Robert Benchley?
Dario Fo
The Augustalia was a festival celebreated in honor of a man that had what name at birth?
Gaius Octavius
Who wrote the comedy in which Bryce Dallas Howard starred in the film adaption in 2006?
William Shakespeare
The U.S. ambassador to Spain from 1842 to 1846 wrote a book while living in what town in England?
Birmingham
Which actor played the American retired airline captain in the movie celebrating a water landing of a US Airways flight? 
Tom Hanks
What was the name given to the Real Madrid football team that was inspired by the best selling song single of the 1960's in the United Kingdom?
Yé-yé team
 Ida Roland was born in a municipality  that lies on the shores of which lake ?
Lake Geneva
Diahann Carroll starred in the film version of the Broadway musical Carmen Jones, with music by which French composer?
Georges Bizet
Which magazine is published more frequently, Oceans of the Mind or America's Civil War?
America's Civil War
Who was the executive in charge of production for a show created by Craig Bartlett that aired from 1996 to 2004?
Brian A. Miller
Who was the writer of the British sitcom starring the actor best known for his work on the sitcom "Black Adder"?
Ben Elton
When was Ann Walton Kroenke's only sister born?
May 15, 1951
Which of the founders of the Mississippi Institute of Arts and Letters contributed to the Mississippi Education Reform Act?
William Winter
What company's film product label distributed G.I. Jane?
The Walt Disney Studios
1999–2000 FA Cup was won by a goal from a player born in what year?
1970
Pro Bowl quarterback "Slash", played in which 1993 post-season college football bowl?
Aloha Bowl
Wile E. Coyote's Grand Canyon Blaster is located in what county?
Tarrant County
Sonnet 117 is similar in imagery to another sonnet first published in what year?
1609
Which Russian ruler and naval commander also took part in polar expeditions to study the Arctic Circle?
Alexander Kolchak
Of the world-renowned sports personalities in the European football world, which one received the FIFA Golden Ball in 1994?
Romário de Souza Faria
Jose Oliva was the last St. Louis Cardinal to wear jersey number 42 which has since been retired in honor of a player that wasinducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in what year? 
1962
Which performer from the Dance on Sunset music series had a recurring role on the TV show "7th Heaven"?
Ashlee Simpson
Which government targeted Jewish individuals?
government of Nazi Germany
Which film came first, Grand Canyon or Being Osama?
Grand Canyon
Which border did where he parc naturel régional du Haut-Jura is located follow 
France–Switzerland border.
What reformatory built between 1886 and 1910 housed American criminal and  fugitive Frank Freshwater?
Ohio State Reformatory
Between what powers was the war that Deli-Marko fought in, fought between?
the Habsburg Monarchy and the Ottoman Empire
Who does the double-agent of Hogwarts's headmaster love?
Lily Evans
Which constellation is the star NGC 390 located in?
Pisces
What American dark comedy web series had a role from an actor in "Mad Men"?
EastSiders
In the Blood, released in which year, is an American action film directed by John Stockwell and starring former fighter Gina Carano?
2014
Which animated Roald Dahl adaptation did Willem Defoe lend his voice to in 2009?
Fantastic Mr. Fox
Marco Edward Beltrami is best known for his work scoring an American science fiction teen horror film directed by who?
Robert Rodriguez
What brand of culture do American actor Joe Manganiello and Armenian songwriter Shavo Odadjian belong?
Pop-Culture
Which American band was formed in Oklahoma, Black Stone Cherry or The All-American Rejects?
The All-American Rejects
E. J. Singler plays for the Canadian G League basketball team based in what city?
Mississauga, Ontario
Josip Maganjić, is a Croatian footballer who plays in the Serie A, as a forward for which professional Italian football club from Florence, Tuscany?
ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
What car, available in Japan from Toyota's "Netz Store" line of dealerships, shares many similarities with the The Great Wall Voleex C10? 
Toyota Vitz
Oleg Moiseyevich Kagan collaborated with which Soviet pianist who died August 1, 1997?
Sviatoslav Richter
Jerrald King "Jerry" Goldsmith, was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring, and composed scores for such noteworthy films as which 1992 neo-noir erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas, and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone?
Basic Instinct
Which American multinational corporation headquartered in San Jose, California , developed a keychain RFID device introduced in 1997 by Mobil Oil Corp?
Verifone
The Kawich Range meets what 98 mile long highway at Warm Springs?
State Route 375
What is the largest city in the country that contains the village of Olszewko?
Warsaw
Who was the mother of the emperor that issued the Robot Patent?
Empress Maria Theresa
How many consecutive seasons has the team who has been coached by a Spanish former footballer?
50th
"On a Good Night" is a song written by Larry Boone, Don Cook and Paul Nelson, and recorded by Tony Wade Hayes, is an American country music artist, that signed to which organization?
Columbia Records
 Did Françoise Dürr play tennis professionally before Marin Čilić started to play professionally?
yes
In what year was the album that TISM referenced released?
1968
Carole Lieberman, is a medical doctor, psychiatrist, author, Forensic Expert Witness, and legal analyst providing expert witness testimony for high-profile cases that have included the divorce of which Belgian actor, martial artist, screenwriter, film producer, and director best known for his martial arts action films?
Jean-Claude Van Damme
What college in Long Island had Robert J. Gaffney as president?
Dowling College
Were The Country Bears and Song of the South both musical films?
yes
Cottonwood Creek is known for the runs of what genus of Pacific salmon?
Oncorhynchus
Albert "Al" Harrington was selected with 25th overall pick in which event that took place on June 24, 1998, at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada?
1998 NBA draft
When was the Australian rules footballer born who is the father of John Vickery?
31 May 1990
The tv film " Cyberbully" stars an actress that played what role on "Game of Thrones"?
Arya Stark
Who has written more novels, Zora Neale Hurston or Katherine Kurtz?
Katherine Irene Kurtz
The man who composed the music for Thomas and the King was the Boston Pops' principal conductor during what years?
1980 to 1993
what did Volunteer Groundcrew of the Army Air Corps use in isolated areas.
is a type of rotorcraft
Which cast member on Catherine The Great is both a Russian actress and a model?
Yuliya Viktorovna Snigir
The Magne Charge system was produced by a General Motors subsidiary based in what Indiana town?
Kokomo
Where did the director that gave Sally Hawkins her first film debut study?
Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
 Rachel Chaiya Blumberg is best known for her tenure as the drummer for band from where?
Portland, Oregon
When walking in the main entrance of Disney land, what year would the first themed land have allowed you "Great Moments With Mr. Lincoln"?
1965
Which one of Whistl's competitors was originally known as the Home Delivery Network?
Yodel
The Holt Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by what politician who was the 17th Prime Minister of Australia from 1966 to 1967?
Harold Edward Holt
Where were the band featured in the performance film Rendezvous with Ragnarok formed ?
Richmond, Virginia
What is the population of the location of The 1985 Women's World Outdoor Bowls Championship?
32,851
Are Cia Berg and Boz Burrell of the same nationality?
no
The book based on the musical Dusty was written by which Australian radio commentator?
John-Michael Howson
Both Moana and Pooh's Heffalump Movie were released by what company?
Walt Disney Pictures
This bar founded by Mickey Gilley the hangout in the 1980 film "Urban Cowboy".
Gilley's Club
Who directed the fictionalized account of the Tsavo Man-Eaters who were responsible for the deaths of a number of construction workers on the Kenya-Uganda Railway? 
Stephen Hopkins
Who wrote the short story on which the film for which Matt Villa won his second AACTA Award is based?
Robert A. Heinlein
In which year did this American voting rights activist, a leader in the Civil Rights Movement, and philanthropist, who wrote an autobiographical essay on the aftermath of the lynching of Joe Pullen, represent her party at Democratic National Convention?
1964
The 2015 Bahrain GP2 Series round was a pair of motor races held on 18 and 19 April 2015 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain as part of the GP2 Series, it was the first round of which series that was the eleventh GP2 Series season, a championship for open-wheel racing cars run as a support series to the 2015 Formula One World Championship?
2015 GP2 Series
Who directed the movie which was Lee Min-ho first China produced film? 
Shin Terra
Which profession did Zane Grey and Chaim Potok share?
author
Who directed the film in which  Lee Min-ho has his first leading role? 
Yoo Ha
What album had Chris Isaak song with the lyrics "I wanna fall in love"?
Heart Shaped World
How many runners compete in the race that Ron Brown won gold in at the 1984 Summer Olympics?
four
Arisarum and Erysimum are both genuses of what?
flowering plants
Superleague Greece is ranked 14th in the ranking system that was introduced in what year?
1979
In what year was the champion of the 2009 Formula BMW Pacific season born?
1993
What profession does Version and Mark Ronson have in common?
producer
Which university was established in 1636: Harvard University or Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
Harvard University
Which documentary was created first, Murderball or Year at Danger?
Murderball
Mary and Max and Fantastic Mr. Fox are what kind of movie?
animated
Knight High School is named after a pilot that holds the world's speed record for flight in what type of aircraft?
winged, powered aircraft
Who has more scope of profession, Byambasuren Davaa or Hall Bartlett?
Hall Bartlett
Which historian held positions in the oldest independent private university in the Rocky Mountain Region of the United States?
Robert Earl Roeder
What position does the winner of the 2012 South American Footballer of the Year play on the Brazilian national team?
forward
The winner of the 1946 Nobel Prize for Physics created what to seal a pressure chamber and compress its contents to high pressure?
Bridgman seal
What "X-Men" series film does Boyd Holbrook play in?
Logan
Where are both Wuxi and Huadu District both located?
China
Boothill Foot Tappers were a British folk/skiffle/bluegrass band, The Pogues were a punk band of what nationality?
Irish
who did Danny Cohen collaborate with to create the 2012 film Les Misérables?
Tom Hooper
Herman Wijffels was the chairman of the board of directors for Rabobank, located in what country?
Netherlands
What is the seed money lender of Catalist's net worth as of May 2017?
George Soros
Where has the Rusty Nail's primary ingredient, Drambuie, been produced since 2010?
the Morrison Bowmore Distillers facility at Springburn Bond, Glasgow
Which League One football club in did Albert Broome play for?
Oldham Athletic Association
Who was born first out of Tian Zhuangzhuang and Anthony Mann?
Anthony Mann
Who of Anne Cochran's duet partners is best known for the song "Vincerò, Perderò"?
Mario Frangoulis
Nick Faure achieved fame by racing which car first produced by Porsche in 1948?
Porsche 356
Who was the protegé of Quincy Jones that was born May 1, 1953?
Glen Ballard
What is the Academy Award-winning role of the actress who also starred Stepping Out?
Sally Bowles
 Compton  is the third studio album and follow up to an album that was released on November 16 by who?
Interscope Records
Which role did this American actor who starred in the 1980 American drama film "Hide in Plain Sight" play in "The Godfather" (1972)?
Sonny Corleone
Which party did the politician and gubernatorial candidate who lost to an American politician, author, and attorney in the Governor of New York State election of 2014 represent?
Libertarian Party
Estrela Mountain Dog and Clumber Spaniel, are a breed of what?
dog
Are the magazines Cricket and Backpacker both about wilderness hiking and adventure?
no
 Alina Azapocznikow was imprisoned in Auschwitz, and what Nazi concentration camp in what is today Lower Saxony in northern Germany, southwest of the town of Bergen near Celle?
Bergen-Belsen
Plymouth Regional High School includes students from a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire that had a population of 247 in what census year?
2010
Vince Velasquez made his MLB debut with a team that plays their home games at what park?
Minute Maid Park
Which film director is from Spain, Carlos Atanes or Puneet Sira?
Carlos Atanes
What is the name of the men's magaize that was first released in India in December 2005 and in the UK in 1995?
Maxim
The album Wildflower, which includes the song Always on Your Side, is one of ten albums released by which American singer?
Sheryl Crow
What is the name of the show on Netflix produced by the company A Little Stranger?
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Did William Garwood and Edward Buzzell both act in films
yes
John D'Leo (born July 8, 1995) is an American actor, he is known for his role in which 2013 crime comedy film, directed by Luc Besson, starring Robert De Niro, it follows a Mafia family in the witness protection program who want to change their lives?
The Family
What is the name of the artist that played in Teddy Boy and born in 1975?
Kavinsky
The 69th Pennsylvania Infantry Companies I and K wore a uniform reminiscent of regiments of which army?
French Army
Between Mianyang and Shangluo, which one is the larger prefecture-level city?
Mianyang
Who is the owner of the company that operates Sears México?
Carlos Slim
What is the name of the region with which the ethnic group of actor Diljit Dosanjh is associated?
the Punjab
Which company dubbed the anime where Jesús Barrero is the of voice of Zanmase Truesdale in English?
4Kids Entertainment
Blue Lagoon and Jack and Coke are cocktails, one is served in an old-fashioned glass. Which?
Jack and Coke
Plainfield High School is part of a school district headquartered where?
Plainfield, Indiana
Adenta Municipal's capital is a town that is the thirty-ninth most populous settlement in Ghana, with a total population of what?
44,194
What two locations of a furniture retailer in New England have Sunbrella IMAX Theaters?
Natick, Massachusetts and Reading, Massachusetts
In what year did the coach of the 2014 Central Arkansas Bears football team with a NCAA Division II championship as a player?
1987
The 2014 Toronto Mayoral Election included the businessman who was previously a councillor for what constituency?
Etobicoke North
From what band did The Androids' guitarist Tin Henwood originally come?
The Superjesus
What was name of the premiere performance in the Italian opera house where Jussi Bjorling sometimes performed?
Antonio Salieri's "Europa riconosciuta"
Are The Knot Garden and Ariadne auf Naxos both operas?
yes
Which retail tenant of Ko Olina Station and Center is part of 78 chain stores?
ABC Stores
What French mathematician, whose father was a tax collector in Rouen, did Oleg Khoma do research on?
Researcher of Blaise Pascal
What does the name mean of the Catholic priest who inspired a Tekken character?
Friar Storm
The English version of the 2008 French-Italian animated film, Mia and the Migoo, stars the voice of this American actress, comedian, author, and television host who won Emmy, Grammy, and Academy Awards?
Whoopi Goldberg
What job did one of the writers who is re-published in Common Dreams have under President Bill Clinton?
Secretary of Labor
What was the 21st, last and northernmost mission in Alta California, and is located on a part of a California State Park located in the center of Sonoma, California ?
Mission San Francisco Solano
What act did The Orange Peel host, is an American electronic music group from Los Angeles, California?
The Glitch Mob
Evolution: A Theory in Crisis, is a book, released in what year, arguing that the scientific theory of evolution by natural selection is a "theory in crisis", by Michael John Denton, a British-Australian author and biochemist?
1985
 Abdelaziz al-Tebaa was the founder of the first sufi zawiyya of the Jazuli order in a city located to the north of which mountain range ?
Atlas Mountains
Wilkins Township is served by a district that has been represented since 2003 by what Republican?
Tim Murphy
When did the director of the Miami Vice episode No Exit become a British citizen ?
2004
which country-music stage in Nashville Tennessee was written about by the Guardian?
Grand Ole Opry
Robert Reimann attended the Officer Candidate School in what city that was once homeport for Cruiser Destroyer Force Atlantic (COMCRUDESLANT)?
Newport, Rhode Island
What year did the writer of the 1968 novel "The Iron Man" become Poet Laurete?
1984
What award was won by the English actor who starred in the film for which the song "Love Theme from Romeo and Juliet" was written?
Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actor
What is the teams park based in Miami, Florida, who's pitcher previously played in Major League Baseball  for the Arizona Diamondbacks and Detroit Tigers?
Marlins Park
Dove c'è musica ("Where There Is Music") is the seventh studio album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Walter Luciano Ramazzotti, released in 1996 on which label , he has released most of his albums in both Italian and Spanish?
BMG label
Where is the band, Anamanaguchi from?
New York City
When did the cartographer, that the Américo Vespucio Avenue is named after, die?
1454February 22, 1512
Herman Weiss was a Prussian born brewmaster, Herman was offered the position of head brewmaster in 1909 at the newly formed Shiner Brewery which later became which brewery located in Shiner, Texas?
Spoetzl Brewery
Who directed a 2004 American romantic drama featuring James Garner?
Nick Cassavetes
Low is the first EP by which city in Minnesota, slowcore group Low, released in 1994, it's a major port city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and the county seat of Saint Louis County?
Duluth
Which of the following is a member of the South Korean boy group VIXX: Ken or Dickie Peterson?
Ken
During what year did the man portrayed by Randeep Hooda commit two attacks killing 14 people?
1990
Robert Wright was a biographer of the officer who commanded which squadron during WWI?
No. 16 Squadron
Have Humphrey Jennings and Ritwik Ghatak both been recognised by the Government of India?
no
Certain People I know was a single by what English singer who rose to prominence as the lead singer of the rock band the Smiths?
Steven Patrick Morrissey
 "I Am What I Am" is a song performed by the character of Albin Mougeotte, first played by an actor of what nationality?
American
Women's Media Center was co-founded by an American actress who was the recipient of the American Film Institute AFI Life Achievement Award in what year?
2014
Which of these two canals was built first: Junction Canal or Duluth Ship Canal?  
Junction Canal
What is the year of the event which occured first, Party Monster was produced, or Richie Rich was produced?
1994
what country is located in the island of Hispaniola and has Dypsis lutescens?
Dominican Republic
Leonard Norman Wein, was an American comic book writer and editor best known for co-creating DC Comics' Swamp Thing and Marvel Comics' Wolverine, and was the editor for writer Alan Moore and illustrator Dave Gibbons' influential DC miniseries "Watchmen", Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics, in which years?
1986 and 1987
Who was born first Gerry Sikorski or Rod Grams?
Rodney Dwight "Rod" Grams
UPA was an animation studio that created the 1962 film musical that gave who her only animated film voice role?
Judy Garland
In which city is  Lincoln Michael Riley a head coach for The Oklahoma Sooners football program?
Norman, Oklahoma
How did Arthur Henry Mann help precipitate the Edward VIII abdication crisis in 1936?
publishing criticism of the King
The dollar has been the currency of Barbados since 1935, on 22 October 2010 it was reported that which international rating agency, an American financial services company, rated the currency of Barbados as "BBB-/A-3"?
Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC
In what year was the star of the never-aired television pilot "Wonder Woman" born?
1983
In what state was the architect of the Hook and Ladder No. 4 firehouse born?
Massachusetts
Which two-time Academy Award nominee and one-time Emmy Award winner starred in a film that was shot in Flint, Michigan?
Woody Harrelson
What state developed and published Samna Software?
Georgia
Mckenna Grace was an actress on what show that premiered on September 21, 2016?
Designated Survivor
Which magazine is published more frequently, Asimov's Science Fiction or Game Informer?
Game Informer
Which TV Network aired Gossip Girl which starred Taylor Momsen as Jennifer Tallulah "Jenny"Humphrey?
The CW
Which university, University of Nebraska system or University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, was founded in 1869 with one campus in Lincoln?
University of Nebraska system
Were James Hanley and John Kenneth Galbraith authors?
yes
"The Contribution of the Negro to American Democracy" is a mural at a university located in which US state ?
Virginia
Infernal Overkill is the first full-length album by a band that was originally named what?
Knight of Demon
What industry did cargo ships converted for hauling slaves and Sydenham Teast have in common?
slave trade
The Spectrum Song was the signature song of the uncle of who?
Donald Duck
What year was Sara Alstrom's sister born?
1981
What engineer was raised in Detroit and has a patented industrial construction technique for reinforcement of buildings?
Kahn
Due to company problems Mudial de Futbol was released after what date?
8 July 1990
In which century was football introduced to this region represented by FC Espanya de Barcelona?
19th century
What role did Ann Harada play in the musical that was directed by Jason Moore?
Christmas Eve
Who was considered more popular, Louis L'Amour or William Faulkner?
Louis Dearborn L'Amour
Which award was won in 1998 by an ecovillage formed by a Scottish charitable trust registered in 1972?
the UN-Habitat Best Practice Designation
Which facilioty is private, Washington State University or Indiana Institute of Technology?
Indiana Institute of Technology
What  is a 2001 neo-noir mystery film written and directed by David Lynch, thats sound clip plays on the opening track "A Family Tree to Hang From"  in the third LP by Circle of Dead Children? 
Mulholland Drive
Paulo Sevciuc, is a Brazilian former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and played on the team which won a silver medal at which event, were held in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, from July 23 to August 6, 1967?
1967 Pan American Games
Where is the  public research university which  Sarah Franklin became Professor of Social Studies of Biomedicine in the Department of Sociology at located
London, England
What direction does the interstate run that Interstate 575 branches off of?
north–south
What river bounds the downtown area where WRKA studios are located?
Ohio River
Who has a bigger American based platform, Dave Coskunian or Alexis Ohanian?
Alexis Kerry Ohanian
Who directed the film that had "Puss in Boots" as a prequel?
Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson
Born to Raise Hell is a 2010 American action film directed by Lauro Chartrand, and also written and produced by which actor, producer, screenwriter, director, martial artist, and musician who holds American, Russian, and Serbian citizenship?
Steven Seagal
Who founded an integrated humanist summer camp in Western North Carolina with the support of the editor of  a pioneering magazine of "social-political-religious criticism and satire", intended as a hybrid of a grown-ups version of "Mad" and Lyle Stuart's anti-censorship monthly "The Independent."?
Rev. George von Hilsheimer
Piscataway is a city in which peninsula?
New Jersey
The Airport Transit System (ATS) is an automated people mover system at Chicago O'Hare International Airport that was built by Mécanique Aviation Traction and began its operation when?
May 6, 1993
Are Davey Havok and Timo Kotipelto lead vocalists?
yes
Louis Ferrante spoke at the 2011 gathering in New York City hosted by the newspaper owned by whom?
Economist Group
BD Performing Arts is the corporate entity that manages several performance groups for young people in Concord, the largest city in Contra Costa County, California, founded in which year?
1869
Both Dave Matthews and Paul McLoone are considered to be what?
musician
Neal Dodson was the producer of what movie directed by J. C. Chandor?
All Is Lost
The Musée Grévin Montreal  is located in which Montreal shopping mall?
The Montreal Eaton Centre
Are Chronique d'un été and King Gimp both documentaries?
yes
Is Red Lodge Mountain northeast or northwest of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem?
northeast
All the songs and artists on the WOW Hits 2004 were known for what type of music?
contemporary Christian music
Are Pete Loeffler and Chris Robinson both singers in American rock bands?
yes
The seventh season of American Idol, the annual reality show and singing competition, began on January 15, 2008, David Cook was announced the winner of the competition on May 21, 2008, defeating who, which American singer-songwriter, musician, and actor, as runner-up?
David Archuleta
Which voice-over actor starred as Ben Tennyson in "Ben 10" and appeared in the English language version of "Axel: The Biggest Little Hero"?
Yuri Lowenthal
What was the last hit at the stadium previously known as Navin Field
a rooftop grand slam
How many Emmy Award has this Irish actor born in 1955 and featured in the 1993 film "The Snapper" won?
one
The 2011–12 Baylor Bears basketball team finished in a 3rd place tie in the conference with the team that was coached by whom?
Fred Hoiberg
What is the birthdate of this Italian football manager and former professional footballer, who managed the 2011-12 Swindon Town F.C. season, alongside AC Milan, Lazio, Celtic, and Sheffield Wednesday?
9 July 1968
Who produced the documentary film Moog in 2004, about a pioneer of sound using electronic circuitry and digital devices?
Hans Fjellestad
What is the title of the song whose lyrics are also credited to Bo Diddley and Willie Cobbs, which was released a few decades after the beginning of the singer's career?
You Don't Love Me
Were Audience of One and Beyond the Call directed by the same person?
no
 The Bowland Shale Formation is a Carboniferous geological formation of Asbian (Visean) to Yeadonian (Bashkirian) age, it is an organic-rich shale which, according to which organization, and is the source rock where "oil and gas matured before migration to conventional fields in the East Midlands and the Irish Sea"?
British Geological Survey
Samuel Holloway Bowers, is a former Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard, was a convicted murderer and leading white supremacist activist in Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement, he committed two notorious murders of civil rights activists, including who, which was a leader with the Civil Rights Movement and president of the Forrest County chapter of the NAACP in Hattiesburg, Mississippi?
Vernon Dahmer
In which year did the French President, who decorated René Cheruy with the Cross of the French Legion of Honor, resign ?
1969
What was the original name of the global navigation system that consists of 11 satellites, one of which was launched in 1978?
originally Navstar GPS
Which American railroad, located in Southwestern Montana and Idaho, was backed by the Northern Pacific Railway?
Gilmore and Pittsburgh Railroad
"Need You Around" is a song featured in the soundtrack of a coming-of-age comedy film loosely based on a novel by who?
Jane Austen
During what forced relocation of Native American nations from their ancestral homelands in the Southeastern United States, did the family of Charles Thompson move to Oklahoma?
The Trail of Tears
Hardline consisted of the guitarist who was also known for work with what two other bands?
Journey and Bad English
Are David Nixon and Charlie Chaplin from the same country originally?
no
Where is the public university which Barrows was also one of the first women to attend located in 
Vienna, Austria.
Hard Choices was a memoir by the politician who served in what post from 1993 to 2001?
First Lady of the United States
The British subculture Lad culture involves this consumption of which kind of beverages, that nearly every civilization independently discovered recipes for?
alcoholic beverages
Home to the Prorophora halothamni, name how many provinces this county is comprised of?
12 provinces
What position did the first manager of 2009-10 Real Valladolid originally play?
midfielder
Are Istanbul Railway Museum and Çırağan Palace both hotels?'
no
What is the name of this Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and was featured in 5 Magazine?
Juan Mata
Which film, A Brony Tale or Captain Mike Across America, debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7 and 8, 2007?
Captain Mike Across America
Eberhard Anheuser, was a German American soap and candle maker, as well as the father-in-law of who, which was the German-born co-founder of Anheuser-Busch with his father-in-law, Eberhard Anheuser?
Adolphus Busch
Michael Cyril Creighton is an actor known for the portrayal of Joe Crowley in the drama film directed by whom?
Tom McCarthy
Where is the brewery that initially introduced Brisbane Bitter based ?
Abbotsford, a suburb of Melbourne,
What 2005 release of a collaborator with an original member of Timbiriche went gold in both Argentina and Mexico?
"Esta Mañana y Otros Cuentos"
Jon B. Kutler serves as the Chairman of a subcommittee located in which cities ?
La Cañada Flintridge, California and Pasadena, California, United States
Where was the film set that starred a member of the Irish group The Frames?
Dublin, Ireland
Which flag incorporates the Confederate Battle Flag, Flag of Trenton, Georgia or Flag of Georgia?
city flag of Trenton, Georgia
Nathan Chapman produced Taylor Swift's first five albums; what was the third one from 2010 called?
Speak Now
Clifford O. Taylor studied with an American composer and professor of classical music at what university?
Harvard University
What year did Joseph Cotten star in "The Third Man"?
1949
The supreme leader of North Korea and also the younger brother of Kim Jong- chul is the chairman for which party?
Workers' Party of Korea
This builder of the Rutan Boomerang has this number of aircraft on display in the National Air and Space Museum?
five
In between Return from Witch Mountain and Saludos Amigos which one was premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24, 1942?
Saludos Amigos
What role did Ed Roland and Adam Duritz perform in their respective bands, Collective Soul and Counting Crows?
lead vocalist
Which borough of London is represented by Iain Duncan Smith and includes Hatch Lane ward, which is one of six wards of the Chingford and Woodford Green Constituency?
Waltham Forest
What was the nationality of the person Breidis Prescott beat in 2008?
British
Were Roger Spottiswoode and Puttanna Kanagal both involved in filmmaking?
yes
Which is older, San Diego State University or University of KwaZulu-Natal?
San Diego State University
The 2001 Humber Refinery explosion occurred in the parish that has a population of what, as of 2011?
1,108
Who became the president of an American company specializing in the use of multi-level marketing to sell health, beauty, and home care products in 2002?
Doug DeVos
Were Stewart O'Nan and John O'Hara of the same nationality?  
yes
What is one word that describes the main subject of the 2003 Canadian film Owning Mahowny?
ludomania
The tv drama "A Streetcar Named Desire" follows a 1951 film adaptation starring a man that played what role in "the Godfather"?
Vito Corleone
Mansfield Park is a 2007 British television film directed by Iain B. MacDonald and starring which British singer, dancer and actress from Swindon, England?
Billie Paul Piper
What role could Christian Daniel Claus have had during the Revolution?
regulating the fur trade and dealing with the Iroquois
Szerencsejáték Zrt., is the largest gambling service provider in which country, it operates seven number draw games, including Keno?
Hungary
How many residents are there in the city that the band "The Shadows of Knight" are from?
over 2.7 million
Terrible Beauty is the first novel, published in 1999, by American politician and current U.S. Representative for where?
New York 's 2 congressional district
Never Put It in Writing starred which American singer and motivational speaker?
Charles Eugene "Pat" Boone
What is the nationality of the star of The Monster who was also in Swordswallers and Thin Men and The Savages?
American
Who formed first, The Get Up Kids or Moonbabies?
The Get Up Kids
Arden Hills, Minnesota is the headquarters for the agricultural cooperative that focuses on which industry?
dairy
Albert Stubbin's reappeared on this English rock band's 1967 album that won a Grammy for Album of the Year in 1968? 
The Beatles
Which British shipping line has a full title incorporating Boston Packers, and operated the SS Justicia?
White Star Line
Who's album which reflects on his depressive state, had a song on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1976? 
George Harrison
Which French video game publisher, published the war-theme real-time strategy game "Conflict Zone"?
Ubisoft
When was the singer of Someone to Call My Lover born?
May 16, 1966
The 2008 Denver Broncos Season was the 25th under the ownership of a man who stepped down in 2014 due to what disease?
Alzheimer's disease
What county did Neil E. Tillotson  live in at the time of his death?
Coos County, New Hampshire
Jeffrey Alexander Sterling was arrested, charged, and convicted of violating a United States federal law passed on what date?
June 15, 1917
In which city is the headquarters of of Philip Morris USA?
Henrico County, Virginia.
What year was the university, who sponsors the annual International Congress on Medieval Studies, established?
1903
What number of male band members do both Juliette and the Licks and Civil Twilight have?
4th
What band had their album Groovy, Laidback and Nasty released by a record label founded by the Carl Lindström Company?
Cabaret Voltaire
Which Major League Baseball franchise held the 2011 All Star Game at their home stadium of Chase Field?
Arizona Diamondbacks
When was one of the stars of the English voice-cast of  Kung Fu Magoo born? 
May 19, 1965
Rowbike was invented by the same inventor of a brand of inline skates owned by who?
Nordica
David J. Pecker is the publisher of what supermarket tabloid?
Globe
Is the William R. Fairchild International Airport or the Chico Municipal Airport in California?
Chico Municipal Airport
Pat Smear joined what American rock band, co-founded by Kurt Cobain, as a touring guitarist?
Nirvana
Which director is American, Erin Wiedner or Dodo Abashidze?
Erin Wiedner
Urban Legends: Final Cut stars a Canadian actor who appeared in what 1990 film?
Mr. Destiny
What novel was written by an American writer best known for his postmodernist and metafictional fiction?
The Tidewater Tales
HMS Dartmouth was wrecked while on a mission to persuade the MacLeans of Duart to sign allegiance to a male monarch, informally known by what name in Northern Ireland and Scotland?
"King Billy"
Which actress born November 27, 1985 also performed in 2000's Baby?
Alison Pill
Flexing with Monty stars the actor of what nationality?
English
The lead vocalist for the group The Crabb Family worked with who on the production of the album released on September 18, 2015?
Jason Ingram and Paul Mabury
The Von Bondies and Yo La Tengo,  are which genre of a musical group?
rock band
Kylie and which other Jenner co-hosted the 2014 Much Music Video Awards from Toronto?
Kendall Jenner
What actor provides the voice of Mike Wazowski in the "Monsters inc" franchise?
Billy Crystal
What is the name of the American singer of popular music who also has the album called Gold?
Johnny Mathis
What Polish composer grew up in Warsaw and had a biographer that was a british musicologist?
Frédéric Chopin
Who is older, Terry Shea or Josh Freeman.
Terence William Shea
how is De Achlumer Molen, Achlum and Friesland connected?
Netherlands
Ladislao Vajda and Todd Graff, have which mutual occupation?
film director
The Mean Reds, formed in which year, released one full-length LP, three EPs and a split album (with DVD) with notable rock band, Wires On Fire, known for their raucous live performances and their affinity for Hilary Duff?
2003
Which American outlaw settled at the Mathew H. Ritchey House?
Belle Starr
What genre, usually involving a mysterious death, is exhibited by a book who features detective Sir Henry Merrivale?
Mystery fiction
Whose career dealt with more fashion design, Pearl Lowe or Roddy Woomble?
Pearl Lowe
What year was the man disqualified from the 1990 FIA European Formula Three Cup born?
1969
Between Central Park Place and 56 Leonard Street, which building has a higher number of floors?
56 Leonard Street
Who has been in more bands, Babyface or Craig Mabbitt?
Craig Edward Mabbitt
Monsters of Legend features images from which 1935 film starring Boris Karloff?
Bride of Frankenstein
Christopher Charles Eric "Chris" Woods, is a former England international football goalkeeper, who played in the Football League and Premier League, with the departure of David Moyes, he followed him to Manchester United to replace which former English footballer turned coach, who is currently employed as a goalkeeping coach by the Football Association, working with England's junior teams?
Eric Steele
When did the Nickelodeon game show that had an appearance by Rachel Crow make it's debut?
September 28, 2009
What was Rags Ragland's longtime performing partner known as?
"The King of Chutzpah"
Which company produces the beer which was advertised in a series of television commercials featuring the American actor Scott Martin Brooks?
Anheuser-Busch
What is the name of the character played by Sterling Knight in the American sitcom the follows the lives of characters Mel, Joe, Taylor and Nick?
Zander Carlson
Are Hemigraphis and Alternanthera plants in the family Acanthaceae?
yes
What is the name of the 2000 HBO drama television miniseries which won a Primetime Emmy Award in the same year and whose executive producer was Robert F. "Bob" Colesberry?
The Corner
Which genus was named after Saverio Manetti, Manettia or Rhododendron?
Manettia
Sugar alcohol is an organic compound, typically derived from sugars, that comprise a class of polyols, which is the most popular, due to its similarity to sucrose in visual appearance and sweetness?
Xylitol
Were Winter Soldier and Fahrenheit 9/11 about the same country's wars?
yes
What pop groups was the female presenter of the Ninja Warrior UK a part of?
S Club 8 and The Saturdays
Donecle is a Toulouse-based aircraft manufacturer which develops autonomous aircraft inspection UAVs, the company works with airlines such as KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, legally "Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V.", is the flag carrier airline of which country?
Netherlands
Which hybrid cable-stayed/suspension bridge was built using Rosendale cement?
Brooklyn Bridge
When was the American  former schoolteacher born who is a subject in a true crime book of Gregg Olsen?
January 30, 1962
Who is an English film and stage actor, Peter Glenville or Ridley Scott?
Peter Glenville
What is the name of this American actor, comedian, writer, director, and producer, starring in "Breaking Bad" and featured in "Happy Happy Good Show" with Doug Dale?
Bob Odenkirk
Do Sinningia or Elodea have more species?
Sinningia
What is the nationality of the actor who starred as the character Jesse St. James in the American musical television series "Glee"?
American
Daniel "Dan" Greaney was hired after writing the first draft of and episode aired on what date?
November 5, 1995
What is the nationalityof the author of the erotic romance "Grey: Fifty Shades of Grey as Told by Christian"?
English
Paul R. Gross is a biologist and author, perhaps best known to the general public for "Higher Superstition" (1994), written with Norman Levitt, he  has written widely on biology, evolution and creationism, and the intellectual conflicts of the Science wars—for example, his book "Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design" made in which year, a book on the origins of intelligent design, specifically the Discovery Institute's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture and its wedge strategy?
2004
Where did the album peak on the UK Album Charts that contained the song "I'm the Greatest"?
number 7
Where was the writer of the song When It Comes to You born ? 
Glasgow
Which founder of The Highlander Research and Education Center was the cofounder of the Highlander Folk School?
Myles Horton
Gertcha is a song used for a commercial for a British style of pale ale from what 1979 album?
Don't Give a Monkey's
This South Korean film starring Huh Joon-ho came out in what year?
2003
Are both Do I Sound Gay? and Paper Clips Project a documentary project?
yes
The Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom wrote a novel in 1948 that featured illustrations by who?
Edward Ardizzone
ND Črnuče is a football club who was managed in the mid-1990s by which midfielder?
Branko Oblak
This 2005 New Zealand-American supernatural horror film, directed by Stephen T. Kay is a classic take on a monster which has no specific what?
appearance
Who was the head coach for the 12th season of the team that played their home games in the stadium in Suffolk County that opened in 2002?
Chuck Priore
What American horror comedy film did Consumed use excerpts from on their album?
Army of Darkness
Enoch Powell's speech about the Race Relations Bill was written about by whom?
Simon Heffer
What Canadian actress starred in an American psychological horror drama television series that aired on A&E from 2013-2017?
Aliyah O'Brien
Elizabeth Strout (born January 6, 1956) is an American novelist and author, Born and raised in Portland, Maine, her experiences in her youth served as inspiration for the plot lines in her novels, Dramatic structure is also called what, is the structure of a dramatic work such as a play or film?
Freytag's pyramid
Joshua Jooris, is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL), as an undrafted player, Jooris signed with the Calgary Flames organization in 2013 after playing three seasons of college hockey for the Union College Dutchmen, an ice hockey tea, that represents Union College, in which division of which organization?
National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I
Who casted a film directed by John G. Avildsen?
Caro Jones
Amnon Wolman (Hebrew: אמנון וולמן) (born 1955) composes music and texts for miscellaneous instruments along with the computer, his recently premiered pieces include "Picnic Site" used for a choreography by Trisha Brown and Steve Paxton for the Lyon Biannale; Steve Paxton (born 1939 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an experimental dancer and what?
choreographer
Ranked the 129th richest family in the United States, where has their son served as the co-chief executive officer of?
American Financial Group since
Like the Baltoro Kangri, K12 is present in what range of mountains?
Karakoram mountain range
Little Heath Pit is part of an estate situated in what Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty?
Chiltern Hills
Which film Directed by John  McTierson is Bruce Willis best known for?
"Die Hard"
What was the 1948 European reissue title of the film in which Virginia Karns portrayed Mother Goose? 
"Revenge Is Sweet"
Who was the Union General who helped design the Jupiter Inlet Light?
George Gordon Meade
The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right, released in which year, is a non-fiction book by Atul Gawande?
2009
Arthur A. Smith Covered Bridge was modestly damaged by a hurricane in what year?
2011
Which New York Times best selling author also hosted an American news and talk show that co-hosted Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and television producer Mark McKinnon in its first episode.
Eric Bolling
How was the man investigated by Keith Beauchamp killed?
lynched
Who is the actress born on October 28, 1985 who stared in Feed?
Troian Bellisario
What vehicle used by the President's Bodyguard in combat was first deployed during the Soviet war in Afghanistan?
BTR-80
Hich University was founded first, Cairo University or the University of Wyoming
University of Wyoming
James Garfield Durham, was an American baseball player, a pitcher in Major League Baseball, and also had a minor part in which 2009 American-Canadian romantic comedy film, directed by Jonas Elmer?
New in Town
What sport does David Toews and Jonathan Toews have in common?
ice hockey
How many terms did the politician, who drafted the Plan de la Noria, serve as President of Mexico?
seven
What is the name of the group that owns the record label which released Jordan Fisher's self-titled EP?
Disney Music Group
The Old Man of Coniston is a fell to the west of a lake that has a maximum depth of how many feet?
184 feet
From what spiritual community's practices did Oberto Airaudi adopt the name of Falco?     
Federation of Damanhur
Which place in order of released studio albums by Paul McCartney was the song "Fine Line" released?
the thirteenth
Samuel P. Cox killed somebody on what day in the Battle of Albany?
October 26, 1864
Who was once the Commanding General for the United States Forces - Iraq who was also nominated by Barack Obama to lead the U.S. Central Command?
General Lloyd Austin served as Commanding General
Did Down and Out in America or Lost in La Mancha win more awards?
Down and Out in America
Name the country which adopted the Union jack as the semi-official status?
Canada
Who plays the most instruments, White Lies or The Border Surrender?
The Border Surrender
What is the beginning date of this inaugural season of a new FIA Champoinship for electrically powered cars, in which the Buenos Aires ePrix was first raced?
13 September 2014
Were "The Rape of Europa" and "Leading to War" documentary both composed by the same author?
no
In what year was the team founded that won the 1956-1957 Irish League championship?
1889
What date was Kara Kennedy's mother born?
September 2, 1936
What is another name for Island Trees, New York?
Levittown
Are both XLR8R and Dragon magazines?
yes
What is the capital city's population of the Brazilian state in which Redinha beach is located?
862,044
Johan Mjällby, is a Swedish football manager and former player, currently in charge as manager of Västerås SK, he  was most recently the assistant manager of which team, working alongside former Celtic team-mate and manager, Neil Francis Lennon, a Northern Irish football coach and former player, who is the head coach of Scottish Premiership club Hibernian?
Bolton Wanderers
The Root–Takahira Agreement involved the lawyer who served as Secretary of State under which President?
Theodore Roosevelt
Elaine Thompson was the first female to win gold in both the 100m and 200m since which track star of the 1980s?
Florence Delorez Griffith Joyner
What sportscaster covered the Epic in Miami?
Bryant Gumbel
Who was the director of the movie of 2006 in which the song "Make You Mine" was the title music?
David Auburn
What is the sovereign country located in Western Asia for which footballer Muhannad Naim played?
Qatar
What 2008 documentary film produced and directed by Tia Lessin and Carl Deal, is included in an American independent film distributors library who's films are strongly auteur-driven?
Trouble the Water
Based in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, the club currently owns and resides in historic Eliot Hall, which its members purchased in 1889 to provide a home for performances and save the building from demolition, Jamaica Plain is a neighborhood of 4.4 sq mi in Boston in which state in the US?
Massachusetts
Do both Shane Meadows and Gianni Amelio work in the film industry?
yes
From what film is a Tamil song composed by A. R. Rahman with lyrics written by Vairamuthu, that features the vocals of  a playback singer of Indian cinema with a career spanning over three decades?
Enthiran
Mansur al-Atrash, was a Syrian politician and journalist, during the period of the United Arab Republic (1958–61), Atrash became a strong supporter of Egyptian president and which pan-Arab leader, who was the second President of Egypt, serving from 1956 until his death?
Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein
During the 1998–99 Portland Trail Blazers season, he Blazers signed which free agent who was born November 15, 1967?
Greg Anthony
Sir Millard Mulch has worked with Virgil Donati and a Canadian musician, songwriter, and record producer, who founded what extreme metal band?
Strapping Young Lad
Which movie came out first; Charlie and the Cholate Factory or The Hungover Games?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Who  was the publisher of the Gender Gap Report in which Kuwait was ranked first among Arab countries in 2014 and 2015?
World Economic Forum
Which London bookseller was the subject of a film starring Anthony Hopkins and was often referred to colloquially as a number comprised of two digits?
Marks & Co
What sitcom did Rob Stone act on?
American sitcom
Captain D'Agoust was an officer of the group of Swiss soldiers what have served as guards at European courts since when?
late 15th century
Which German Commander-in-Chief that used the Trasimene Line was nicknamed "Uncle Albert" 
Albert Kesselring
 Which rock band, The Sounds or The Classic Crime, has been compared to new wave acts such as Blondie, The Cars, the Epoxies and Missing Persons?
The Sounds
Are Asian Kung-Fu Generation and The Gaslight Anthem rock bands?
yes
The composer who created the symphony Tevot was born in what year?
1971
Which publication focuses on women's issues, Family Circle or Gynaika Magazine?
Gynaika Magazine
What kind of cars do both the Porsche 944 and Hispano Aleman have in common?
sports
What action role-playing video game directed by Hidetaka Miyazaki and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows?
Dark Souls III
Salla Tira is a mountain in the range that runs along what continent?
South America
Who is  best known as songwriter, lead singer, and guitarist in the rock band the Moody Blues, Justin Hayward  or Joel Madden?
Justin David Hayward
What famous painting which was once part of Jacob Dissius collection is now in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam?
The Milkmaid
What team did the man, that was traded from the team that won the 2001 Commissioner's Historic Achievement Award, finish his career at?
New York Yankees
Which script by Maurice Gran was also a popular British sitcom by the same name?
Goodnight Sweetheart
What is an American indie rock band carried on Sub Pop Records, Juliana Hatfield or Ugly Casanova
Ugly Casanova
 Seán Mackin had been a member of the Irish National Liberation Army, an Irish republican socialist paramilitary group formed during what year?
1974
Which composer of Sandese Aate Hai  is an Indian music director, singer, actor, director, and producer who primarily works in the Hindi film industry?
Anu Malik
Jet Rescue is a roller coaster at a theme park that is commercially linked to who?
Warner Bros
Who was born first, Bill Kaulitz or Blaze Bayley?
Blaze Bayley
What former host at TVB later starred in Love as a Predatory Affair?
Jason Chan Chi-san
Who was born in 1973 and hosted Mr. Personality in 2003?
Monica Lewinsky
SpareFoot is an Austin-based company that provides listings for self-storage units similar to what  online marketplace and hospitality service?
Airbnb
Where was the boxer from Shadow Boxers born?
Dutch professional female
Arena is a documentary series that has aired a show chronicling which Canadian filmmaker?
Mary Harron
Breno Giacomini founded Football Without Barriers along with which tight end drafted in 2008?
Gary Michael Barnidge
Who tried for second degree murder from an incident that happened at The Retreat at Twin Lakes?
George Zimmerman
Do Griffon Bleu de Gascogne and Leonberger originate in the same country?
no
Which  "Star Wars" spin-off of 1978, directed by Steve Binder, did Wookiee Planet C make appearances in?
Star Wars Holiday Special
Who is an English comedian that was also involved in High Heels and Low Life's?
Mel Smith
The Logie Awards of 1998 featured guests including one of the stars of what popular NBC sitcom?
"Friends"
What 2002-2003 mini series that chronicled the American/Soviet space race featured one of the original 7 Project Mercury astronauts in an interview?
Rocket Science
Who directed a 1979 American horror film that starred one of only 12 athletes in the history of American professional sports to have played both Major League Baseball and in the National Basketball Association?
David Schmoeller
What pageant did Halima Aden win
Miss Minnesota USA
What is the name of the Canadien-American actress who has gotten nominations in the Annie Awards and the Daytime Emmys who plays a main character in the animated television series "Teen Titans"?
Tara Strong
Mirza Ahmad Ispahani was the first chairman of an airline out of what main hub?
Karachi
Who served as a congressman for the the district which contains the cities of Lexington (including its suburbs), Richmond, and Frankfort, the state capital?
Ben Chandler
Were the makers of the board game "Titan" the same makers of "The Farming Game?"
no
The Internet Tax Freedom Act was co-authored by which Oregon Senator?
Ronald Lee Wyden
What California highway is the longest in the state and is associated with the Ventura River?
U.S. Route 101
Who is directing the American noir thriller-drama film that starts the Australian actor best known for playing Tommy Caffee on the television series "Brotherhood"?
Steven Knight
Where did the runner up in the Arizona Democratic primary of 2004 graduate college from?
West Point
What 1986 American animated mystery comedy was storyboarded by Matthew O'Callaghan?
The Great Mouse Detective
ZZ Ward was a guest appearing in the release of what artist's hip hop recording?
Asher Roth
Dale Crover was briefly a drummer for a band that dissolved in what year?
1994
What does the then-Minister of Foreign Affairs painted by Thijs Niemantsverdriet currently serve as?
First Vice-President of the European Commission
David Silverman did the animation for an American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by who?
Kelly Fremon Craig
Which magazine, Gospel Advocate or Star Wars Insider, has been in publication longer?
Gospel Advocate
Where is the headquarters of the resulting company after the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management PLC?
Edinburgh
Who worked as an engineer on the fifth studio album by U2?
Dave Meegan
Who was the winning coach in the 2009 Big 12 Championship Game?
Mack Brown
Huntington Mall is an enclosed shopping mall with one anchor space currently being renovated for an American chain of discount home furnishing stores which is based where?
Framingham, Massachusetts
Walter Alvarez's father was born in what year?
1911
What division did Toran James play for while in the XFL?
Western Division
Giles Nuttgens is a cinematographer best known fow a 2016 film directed by which director ?
David Mackenzie
Are Game For Fame and Castle Panic both board games?
yes
Which is located along a river, Ruijin or Ruichang?
Ruichang
Gabriel Marques is an adjunct professor at the Catholic college in what part of New York?
Long Island
When Francesco Totti retired from his midfield role at AS Roma, who replaced him as club captain?
Daniele De Rossi
The American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas is giving how much much money to the Liquefied Natural Gas Project in Hides?
$16 billion
When was the American actor and filmmaker born who had supporting performances in Lincoln and "The Fugitive"?
September 15, 1946
Pomade, is a greasy, waxy, or a water-based substance that is used to style hair, stiffening properties of pomades make sculptured hairstyles such as the pompadour or quiff possible; while long lasting moisturizing properties make it popular with individuals with which natural hair texture of certain populations in Africa, the African diaspora, Australia and Asia?
Afro-textured hair
Are Tim O'Brien and Colin Wilson both novelists?
yes
Michael Coutts-Trotter, an Australian public servant and is married to which Australian politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Sydney since 1998, and the deputy leader of the opposition and deputy leader of the Labor Party since 2013?
Tanya Joan Plibersek
Miho Hatori and Gabe Saporta, have which mutual occupation?
musician
You Am I and Stabbing Westward, have which genre in common?
rock
Which computer, the Digi-Comp I or the Acorn Electron, was made as a budget friendly version of the BBC Micro educational/home computer?
Acorn Electron
The album that had "One" by Irish rock band U2 was released in which year?
1991
Was Terence Fisher and Robert F. Hill both directors?
yes
Which genus has over 750 species, Indigofera or Eriophyllum?
Indigofera
 Who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film for "Gone Nutty", Carlos Saldanha, a Brazilian director, or Maya Deren, a Russian-American filmmaker? 
Carlos Saldanha
What Australian science fiction thriller was based on the short story "All You Zombies" and starred an actress from "Steve Jobs"?
Predestination
What is the native language of Rolandas Kazlas' homeland?
Lithuanian
What band formed by Tyler Joseph in 2009 toured with the musical group Finish Ticket?
Twenty One Pilots
The United States House Select Committee on Benghazi was created to investigate an attack by members of what group?
Ansar al-Sharia
What country of origin does All I Want for Christmas Is You and Merry Christmas have in common?
American
Which Australian hard rock band was formed by the younger brothers of George Young, producer of the album Early Morning Wake Up Call?
AC/DC
In what movie did Scott Paulin portray a World War II pilot who later became an astronaut?
The Right Stuff
What movie was directed by Marc Foster and based on playwright J.M. Barrie's relationship with his family?
Finding Neverland
When was the school that John O. Schwenn worked at established?
March 1863
Which tribe is named after the geographic sink of the Truckee River Basin?
Paiute tribe
What is the name of the second husband of the woman who established a New Jersey restaurant which eventually included a feast that sometimes includes hula as entertainment?  
John Muresan
Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church and MetLife Building, are located in which city?
New York City
Big Black and SCH, are related to the music industry?
yes
When was studio, at which 'The 50 Greatest Pieces of Classical Music' was recorded, established?
November 1931
The actor that plays David Robert Jones on the series "Fringe" also appears in 2016 romantic thriller directed by Robert Zemeckis that stars what actor as a Candian intelligence officer? 
Brad Pitt
What type of tennis do Mark Knowles and Andy Ram specialize in?
doubles
In 2005 the General Manager for the Los Angeles Dodgers was a man born in what year?
1972
The sister of Eduardo Arellano Félix is the drug lord of what organization?
Tijuana Cartel
Michael Harvey, Jr was a member of a grime and hip hop group that originated from where?
Battersea, London
Vulcan Inc. oversees a nonprofit museum founded as what?
Experience Music Project
The Dolphins made their first round selection with the 15th pick of the 2011 NFL Draft on which American football center for the Miami Dolphins born on July 24, 1989?
Mike Pouncey
By what name is the video game, to which Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles is a prequel, known in Japan ? 
Biohazard 4
David Kano has performed modeling duties for the shoe brand based in what California town?
Westlake Village
"Three Words" is song released on October 7, 2016, and recorded by which South Korean boy group, a six-member South Korean boy band, that started in 1997?
Sechs Kies
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz is the fourth book written by who?
L. Frank Baum
The Steep Canyon Rangers have become widely known since collaborating with an American comedian who came to public notice as a writer for what?
The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour
Who directed the film other than Harry Brown that Bad Ass is based on?
Clint Eastwood
What was the name of the novel which later became a 1948 drama film starring Irene Dunne?
Mama's Bank Account
A 1978 thriller film based on a book by Edward N. Luttwak stars David Hemmmings and a Shakespearean actor that performed at what theater?
Bristol Old Vic
This census-designated place first settled in 1623 is home to a defensive fortification built at the mouth of what river?
Piscataqua River
North Dakota State University and University of Maryland, Baltimore County, are in which country?
United States
Jeju Air is a founding member of the alliance formed in which month?
May 2016
What actress starred in Home Sweet Home and is among the highest paid actresses in China?
Shu Qi
In what year was the chemist who founded Mond gas born?
1839
In which city of the United States can you find Mount Loretto Unique Area, an open space nature preserve, and One Manhattan Square, a residential skyscraper project?
New York
Which Russian linguist and historian whose teachings formed a nucleus of the Prague School of structural linguistics published in Michigan Slavic Publications founded by Ladislav Matejka?
Nikolai Trubetzkoy
Jonas von der Burg worked with which artist who's debut studio album is titled "Before the Storm"?
Darude
Where did Edwin Foden, Sons & Co make some of the Ford Transcontinentals between 1975 and 1984, and also originate from?
Sandbach, Cheshire UK.
Robert C. Peniston commanded a battleship that provided gunfire support during which war ?
the Vietnam War
The Overwatch World Cup 2017 was organized by a video game developer and publisher based in what city?
Irvine
What date did the 25th episode of the sixth season of the American animated television, in which Tito Puente is a guest-star, originally air?
September 17, 1995
What was the nationality of the musician who made a guest appearance on 3 tracks in Skeletons & Majesties Live? 
German
Parenting and Candis Magazine are both targeted at whom?
families
What year marked 3 consecutive wins for Stacey king?
1991
Lorentz & Sakarias was a group that has collaborated with the actor best known for which role in the series "Vikings"?
Floki
is  The Family Handyman or  American Heritage a magazine about home improvement?
The Family Handyman
Who wrote the movie that Philip Hill-Pearson and David Tennant collaborated on?
Chris Chibnall
Erich Raeder and Karl Dönitz both reached what rank in the German Navy?
Grand Admiral
The Lake of Death is a fantasy novel by a fantasy and science fiction author and editor who has worked on Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms, and who was born on June 19th in what year?
1957
Is Yehuda Amichai or Heinrich Mann from further north?
Luiz (Ludwig) Heinrich Mann
What  volcanic archipelago does the Prochoreutis solaris come from?
Kuril Islands
The Travers Stakes is held at the race course in the city just north of what heart of Capital Region?
Ballston Spa
The "New York" class of battleship was a class of ships designed and constructed by the United States Navy, it saw extensive service beginning in the United States occupation of Veracruz, which occurred as a response to the Tampico Affair on which date?
April 9, 1914
What channel, owned and operated by Turner Broadcasting System Europe, had a sister station that closed 1 April 2014?
Cartoon Network
Which motion picture was an adaptation of William Shakespeare's revenge tragedy, "Titus Andronicus", and had a soundtrack written by Elliot Goldenthal?
Titus
The American Senator from Maryland is in what political party?
Democratic Party
What year was "The Gift of Love: A Christmas Story"'s actor Polly Holliday born in?
1937
Which Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame member is the cousin of the writers of the song Tiny Broken Heart?
John D. Loudermilk
Are Decaisnea and Weldenia native to the same area?
no
In the city formerly known as Peking, Kristin Ann Gauthier competed in what 2008 sporting event?
the 2008 Summer Olympics
Which team did the second-most successful Indian pace bowler in Test cricket play?
Baroda
Of the two flowering plants Eriogonum and Ascocenda, is one natural and the other man-made?
yes
Which is a genus, Dill or Koelreuteria? 
Koelreuteria
Which Barrow is the road bridge connecting to an electral ward in Cumbria, England?
Central Barrow
Between the tennis players, Carly Gullickson, and Pierre Barthès, which is of French nationality?
Pierre Barthès
The American Prairie Foundation is a public charity located in the U.S. state of Montana, the foundation's objective is to build one of the largest wildlife reserves in the continental United States through a combination of new land acquisition and public land integration into the American Prairie Reserve (APR), an independent non-profit organization that has privately undertaken a project in which northeastern U.S. state, to create a wildlife conservation area of over three million contiguous acres through a combination of both private and public lands?
Montana
Eagle Food Centers operated under which name, owned by Lucky Stores?
Gemco
Which Irish band's name is a play on a hit song by Dire Straits?
The Sultans of Ping FC
What poem by the author of the poems "Insensibility" and "Futility" is often viewed as a reply to Robert Graves?
Apologia Pro Poemate Meo
Male Edition is the debut mixtape by American girl group June's Diary, the mixtape features six covers of songs originally recorded by different male groups, including which American mainstream R&B group signed through Jermaine Dupri's So So Def Recordings?
Jagged Edge
Zhang Xiaoming is currently serving as the Director of an administrative agency responsible for promoting cooperation and coordination of what?
political, economic and cultural ties
Who portrayed the character that replaced Shelley Long's character that she reprised on the spinoff "Frasier"?
Kirstie Alley
The political activist who wrote "I Shout Love" was known as a child actress for her role in what Canadian television series?
Road to Avonlea
Do Bam 6.6 and Warrendale belong to the same genre of film making ?
yes
Carlo Bergonzi, was an Italian operatic tenor, although he performed and recorded some bel canto and verismo roles, he was above all associated with the operas of which Italian opera composer, that died in 1901?
Giuseppe Verdi
In what century did Olaf Geirstad-Alf  and Halfdan the Black live in?
ninth-century
C. Barry Carter serves as Editor-in-Chief of a journal founded by who?
Robert W. Cahn
What is the name of the intelligent, neurotic and introspective character that William Faulkner created in his fourth novel, published in 1929?
Quentin Compson
The Media Project is a weekly radio program that provides an inside look at media coverage of current events, panelists on the discussion-based show include Alan S. Chartock, the president and chief executive officer of WAMC/Northeast Public Radio, a National Public Radio affiliate, a position he has held since which year?
1981
Which Korean romance film written and directed by Lee Yong-ju was Han Ga-in in?
Architecture 101
What South Korean musician starred in Orange Marmalade?
Lee Jong-hyun
"Backflip" is the second single by American singer-actress Raven-Symoné from her third album, titled what?
This Is My Time
Coddingtown Mall is owned by the company that also owns what enclosed shopping mall?
Santa Rosa Plaza
Who is the co lead vocals for Fitz and the Tantrums who also collaborated with the Black Eyed Peas?
Noelle Scaggs
Who was born first, Bernard Vorhaus or Shane Meadows?
Bernard Vorhaus
J. D. Barnett is the mentor of a collegy basketball coach who is currently the head coach of which Unviersity ?
the University of Memphis
Prudence Farrow is the subject of the song that was on which Beatles album?
the White Album
The actor that won the BAFTA for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in "Billy Elliot" also starred with Devon Alan and Dermot Mulroney in what 2004 film? 
Undertow
Inferno had an adaptation released directed by who?
Ron Howard
Which politician born on July 22,1923 ran for president in the election of 1996?
Bob Dole
In what year was one of the Future and Emerging Technologies projects founded?
2005
What district in the NG postcode area is located approximately 3 mi south-east of Nottingham?
Rushcliffe district
Are Steve Jones and Eric Clapton American?
no
What Shin Terra-directed drama film features actor Lee Min-ho in his first Chinese produced film?
Bounty Hunters
What is the real name of the author of "The Grim Grotto?"
Daniel Handler
Greyia and Calliandra, are which type of entity?
plant
UFC Fight Night: Namajunas vs. VanZant was held in what county?
Clark County
Elinor "Ellie" Walker was a fictional character on the sitcom airing on which network?
CBS
Chessure is a fictional creature in the DC Universe, the name "Chessure" is an apparent reference to which fictional cat, popularised by Lewis Carroll in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", and known for its distinctive mischievous grin?
Cheshire Cat
The New Year Honours 1979 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of the current Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand since what year?
1952
In a monthly period, did Real Simple or Australian Woman's Mirror come out more often?
Australian Woman's Mirror
The actor that won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1935 for his role in "The Informer" also starred in what 1932 film with Greta Nissen?
Rackety Rax
What city and state was J.C. Ewing in when he served as coach for Baylor University?
Waco, Texas.
What American-Canadian singer and actress was featured regularly on season three of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", as well as "Felicity", and "Flashpoint"?
Amy Jo Johnson
he term Jew passed into the English language from the Greek "Ioudaios" and Latin "Iudaeus", from which the Old French "giu" was derived after dropping the letter "d", and later after a variety of forms found in early English, that later developed into the English word “Jew.”, and it ultimately originates in the Biblical Hebrew word "Yehudi" meaning "from the Tribe of Judah", which is one of how many, of the Tribes of Israel?
twelve
What game published by Riot Games does Kim Hee-chul play?
League of Legends
Which 242-acre waterfront casino did Vic and Anthony's 4th location schedule to open in?
Golden Nugget Lake Charles
The private school at which Jack Viney played football was established by what religious denomination?
the Methodist Church of Australasia
Rough Night starred the actress who played what role on Workaholics?
Jillian Belk
Shakur Stevenson won a silver medal at the Olympics in what country?
Rio de Janeiro
Kiraz Mevsimi was broadcast in Urdu on a Pakistani channel that first aired in what year?
2014
The 2016 Superbike World Championship was won by which British racer?
Jonathan Rea
 Dave Franco had a roll in what 2013 American heist thriller?
Now You See Me
Félix Vieuille, was a French operatic bass who sang for more than four decades with the Opéra-Comique in Paris during the first half of the twentieth century, he created roles in numerous world premieres, most notably portraying Arkel in the original production of Pelléas et Mélisande, an opera in five acts, with music by who?
Claude Debussy
What film starting Frances Barber was based on a memoir by Peter Turner?
Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool
Are Lacey Sturm and Third Day from the same state?
no
William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham, served the first monarch to be raised in what faith?
Protestant
What is the name of the song that both Johnny Carver and Michael Anthony Orlando Cassavitis both sang?
"Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree"
In which state did Thomas W. Simpson earn his Master of Theological Studies degree from?
Georgia
What hockey goaltender plays for the Minnesota Wild and is the cousin of Adam Wilcox?
Alex Stalock
Where is the council located in the district that contains the parishes Murton, Hilton, and Brackenber?
Penrith
When was the gun invented that chambered the same .45 round as the M3 submachine gun?
1918
How many candidates were run by the political party tasked solely with stopping the relocation of South Australia's largest hospital?
11
The miniseries Fatal Vision focuses on a murdered that was convicted in what year?
1979
What is the name of this female national personification of Switzerland, who served as ambassador of Russia?
Helvetia
Are Wrexham Cathedral and Newport Cathedral located in the same city?
no
What movie was released in 2016 and stared Joo Won?
Sweet Sixteen" (2016
Which band was formed earlier, Puddle of Mudd or The Calling?
Puddle of Mudd
Where is the company that Keiran Lee works for based?
Montreal, Canada
Which Ugandan political leader was responsible for the murder of Erinayo Wilson Oryema?
Idi Amin Dada
What documentary produced by Rare Day followed a judge on the ITV entertainment series "Stepping Out"?
Big Ballet
The General's Daughter starred what actor who also played in "Wild Hogs" and "Pulp Fiction"?
John Travolta
Who wrote and directed a 2014 drama that featured the actor that played Patrick Kuby in "Breaking Bad"?
Mike Binder
How was the album which contained the song "Better Man" released?
through Capitol Nashville
What is the birthday of the starring actress of the Russian film House of Fools?
16 August 1973
One of the surviving Nazi leaders interrogated in Camp Ashcan received what award for his pilot skills in World War I?
Pour le Mérite
Which cast member of "A Very Murray Christmas" is known for his frequent collaborations with Wes Anderson ?
Jason Schwartzman
What was the name of the song sung by a Brazilian musician that won Tony Maserati an award?
Timeless
Which World War II flying ace was Kenneth Marlar Taylor friend 
George Welch
Jean-Yves Duclos was a member of the legislating body that was located in what city?
Ottawa
When was the album which has Try It Out as a song released? 
March 18, 2014
Longchang and Xuanhua District, are located in which country?
China
Ziegfeld Follies is a 1946 American musical comedy film, it stars many of MGM leading talents, including who, which was an American dancer, singer, actor, choreographer and television presenter?
Fred Astaire
What role did the female star of Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas play on the television series "House?"
Dr. Remy "Thirteen" Hadley
For which German multinational corporation, headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Bavaria, did Nima Nourizadeh direct advertisments?
Adidas
Roger Daltrey's album "Under a Raging Moon" was a tribute to a drummer that died in what year?
1978
If both are still alive, who would be older  Patrick Baudry or Charles Simonyi?
Patrick Pierre Roger Baudry
Which Academy Award nominated actor stars in the 1985 American-British dark fantasy adventure film Legend?
Tom Cruise
The 1962 United States Senate election in New York was held on which date, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jacob Javits won against Democratic challenger James B. Donovan?
November 6, 1962
Are Shin Hye-sung and Stza from the same country?
no
Who was a soldier that later achieved several manors as a baron from the first Norman King of England?
Eustace de Montaut
Alex Mahon will succeed the executive who founded what creative agency?
St. Luke’s
Which English stage and film actress appeared in "Gone with the Wind" (1939) and "Things Are Looking Up" (1935)?
Vivien Leigh
Prior to founding FactoryMade in 2011, entrepreneur John Fogleman was a principal architect of a merger of companies now run by who?
Co-CEOs Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell
Who directed the 2005 film in which Leanne Rowe portrayed Nancy?
Roman Polanski
Fred Guiol adapted Edna Ferber's novel into a film directed by whom?
George Stevens
How many years is the reign of this King of England, who was remebered by his relationship with Catherine Grandison, Countess of Salisbury?
50
Which city is home to both the Tata Archery Academy and the JDR Tata Sports Complex?
Jamshedpur
Did Hazen Street and Bullet for My Valentine form in the same year?
no
What is the name of the Memorial Stadium located in Columbia, Missouri, United States where Missouri Tigers football team played their home game in 2003?
Faurot Field
From the radio series "Archie Andrews", who is Archie Andrews' frenenmy?
Reginald "Reggie" Mantle
From what Tehuelche word does the name of the province where Bahía Bustamante is located derive from?
chupat
What Gorillaz song is named after the actor of the same name?
Clint Eastwood
Matt Starr (born October 25) is an American born drummer, singer, songwriter and producer, in 2013 Starr began playing with Burning Rain which was formed by Whitesnake guitarist Doug Aldrich and a vocalist Keith St John, from which California-based hard rock band, that originally featured Ronnie Montrose on guitar?
Montrose
What South African born actor that died in 1967 starred in A Lady Surrenders?
Basil Rathbone
what was a puppet state Northeast China and was birthplace of Teruyoshi Nakano?
Manchukuo
What was the 2015 population of the city where Straight Street Bridge is?
147,754
Acrylic fibers were first created by what company that was an American conglomerate founded in July 1802?
DuPont
Who is the leader of the political party that Nikos Kouzilos belongs to?
Nikolaos Michaloliakos
Are Mervyn LeRoy and Nicholas Ray  both American film directors ?
yes
Coed Records produced many songs from a genre of music developed in African-American cities in the 1940s.
Doo-wop
Who was older, Martha Reeves or Rob Hyman?
Martha Reeves
What was the nationality of the original Concept Creator and Supervising Producer of the TV show "Sightings"?
American
Del Amitri and Primal Scream, were formed in which city?
Glasgow
What year was the skating partner of the first Native American female athlete to participate in the Winter Olympics born?
1971
What is the nickname of the football club for which Bobby Noble played ?
the Red Devils
Which periodical came first, VIBE Vixen, or The Ladies' Mercury?
The Ladies' Mercury
Which of the film that covered the song D.A.N.C.E. was directed by Mike Mitchell?
Trolls
Oren Ethelbirt Long, was the tenth Territorial Governor of Hawaii and served from 1951 to 1953, Long was the only non-Asian American U.S. Senator from Hawaii until the appointment of Brian Schatz to the position in 2012, Schatz is an American politician who is the senior United States Senator, for which state?
Hawaii
In between Jean-Marc Vallée and Wallace Fox who  went on to make a number of acclaimed short films, including "Stéréotypes" (1991), "Les Fleurs magiques" (1995)?
Jean-Marc Vallée
The 2017 MTV Video Music Awards was the platform for the premiere of the video for a song off of what singer's upcoming sixth album entitled Reputation?
Taylor Swift
The Halloween H20: 20 years later starring Jamie Lee Curtis starred in what 1989 film?
The Fog
Which band, X or The Cranberries, was formed first ?
X
In what year was the hospital affiliate of the Kennedy Krieger Institute founded?
1889
Which English singer-songwriter who was born on 13 June 1968 does Good Soldier Songs represent?
David Gray
When did the team that John Nyskohus played for 45 times leave the Oceania Football Confederation?
2006
Positive non-interventionism was the economic policy of Hong Kong, which American economist who received the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory, and the complexity of stabilization policy, has cited it as a fairly comprehensive implementation of laissez-faire policy?
Milton Friedman
Which Ajax player that competed in the 1986-87 European Cup later became the assistant manager for Ajax? 
Dennis Bergkamp
What field of study did Boris Galerkin and Jakow Trachtenberg both work in?
mathematician
Chris McKenna wrote for what American romantic comedy television series that premiered on Fox on September 25, 2012?
The Mindy Project
Which sport do Wesley Moodie and Andrea Hlaváčková have as a profession?
tennis
Route 66 State Park is located on the former site of a ghost town that was evacuted in what year?
1983
Which mall, larger than Westwood Square Mall, is located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada?
Bramalea City Centre
In between Wuxue and Xingyi, Guizhou, which one is in Guizhou Province?
Xingyi
Lucy Gordon was an English actress and model, which 2001 American romantic comedy film was she in?
Serendipity
Who stars in a 2013 film directed by someone known for horror films like "The Hills Have Eyes" (2006)?
Daniel Radcliffe
What actress from The Death and Life of Bobby Z also played in the award winning medical-drama television series "House" (2007–2012)
Olivia Wilde
For two seasons, Murat Šaran joined a Spanish football club based where?
Valencia
What city featured a graduate of the Shinjuku private research university as a mayor in 1995?
Nagasaki
Who was the head coach of the team that lost Super Bowl XIX?
Don Shula
What is the name of this bhangra record producer and singer songwriter from Handsworth in England, whose tenth studio album was Collaborations 2?
Sukshinder Shinda
 Redbus Film Distribution as distributed and produced "What's Cooking", "Cabin Fever" and a 2008 film written and directed by who?
Gurinder Chadha
Do Joseph O'Connor and Samuel Beckett share the same nationality?
yes
Were both Daniel Vacek and Iva Majoli tennis playesr?
yes
Who is a star in the 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum, which had Guy Hendrix Dyas as a designer?
Jennifer Lawrence
Nijam, is a 2003 Telugu crime film produced & directed by Teja on Chitram Movies banner, the music was composed by R. P. Patnaik, a South Indian music composer with about how many films to his credits, in three south Indian languages (Telugu, Tamil and Kannada)?
60
Corey Chorus was a writer of the song that was from what 5th Rihanna studio album?
Loud
The Treehouse of Horror XXIV aired on the 25th season of The Simpsons, which began September 29, 2013, and ended on which date?
May 18, 2014
What is the year of the event which occured first, Yvgenie was published, or Carolyn Cherry was born?
1942
Were the Apple I and the TRS-80 both sold by Apple?
no
How many songs were on the second studio album of a young artist that featured ths single "Change"?
thirteen tracks
Philip Ball is a columnist for a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group that was launched in September of what year?
2002
Which of these is in the African violet family, Maclura or Petrocosmea?
Petrocosmea
Which novelist is a resident of Halifax Virginia, Ronald Firbank or Kelly Cherry?
Kelly Cherry
What is the military force that George C. Allen II was the Assistant to the Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force also known as?
the Air Guard
"Blue Tail Fly" and "Flight of the Bumblebee" are both songs with some sort of emphasis on what sort of living thing?
insects
When was the Hong Kong singer who starred in Triumph in the Skies born 
27 August 1971
The Las Vegas and Tonopah Railroad was a 197.9 mile railroad.that ran northwest from a connection with the mainline of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad at Las Vegas, Nevada, the SPLA&SL railroad later became part of which freight hauling railroad that operates 8,500 locomotives over 32,100 route-miles in 23 states west of Chicago and New Orleans?
Union Pacific Railroad
Can We Love? starred this south Korean singer, actress and presenter who is best known as a member of what South Korean girl group
S.E.S.
Tony Hiller worked with a British comedian and nightclub owner born in what year?
1930
What is Paul Walker's profession? 
actor
At which installation of the United States Army located in Suffolk County did Irving Berlin serve?
Camp Upton
On 2 October 1990, a hijacked Xiamen Airlines Flight 8301, collided with two other aircraft on the runways of the old Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, while attempting to land, it was which type of short- to medium-range twinjet narrow-body airliner developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes in the United States?
Boeing 737
Who did the composer of  Les fêtes d'Hébé replaced as the dominant composer of French opera?
Jean-Baptiste Lully
Which was formed first, LCD Soundsystem or Days of the New?
Days of the New
What kind of attack does Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building and Oklahoma City National Memorial have in common?
bombing
What is young Justice?
animated television series
All You Need To Know is an album by a band that was formed in what year?
1978
What song co-written by Sia was performed by Tokio Myers on Britain's Got Talent in semi-final 3?
Diamonds
Which star of "A Film with Me in it" also worked on "Shaun of the Dead"?
Dylan Moran
The 2014 winner of Miss India Worldwide starred with Diljit Dosanjh in what 2016 film?
Ambarsariya
The winner of 2003 East Asian Football Championship is controlled by what association?
Korea Football Association
What band was the singer who starred in Heavy a leader singer of?
Blondie
Rhodes Lynx football represents the college associated with what religious denomination?
Presbyterian Church
Iowa City High School is a public high school in Iowa City, Iowa, the present high school was completed as part of the Public Works Projects started by which American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945, to provide jobs?
Franklin D. Roosevelt
The structure which faces The Presbytere was declared a National Historic Landmark in what year?
1960
The Ducie River is a river located in a state with an area of how many km?
1,852,642
Where is the college, at which Ewing Y. Freeland was football head coach in 1921, located ?
Jackson, Mississippi,
Who's line-up consists of Suzuka Nakamoto as "Su-metal", Yui Mizuno as "Yuimetal", and Moa Kikuchi as "Moametal", who released their second live video that contained two concerts ?
Babymetal
What community, formerly known as Gairville is served by the listings magazine Wagmag?
Dumbo
Which novelist wrote the novel "Little Big Man", Thomas Berger or Thomas Keneally?
Thomas Louis Berger
What did the Casey Strengel, a 1996 Baseball Hall of Fame member, manage for its 15th World sreies championship?
New York Yankees
What was the population at the 2011 Census of the suburb of which St Andrew's Church, Brighton is the Anglican parish church?
21,257
"Give Me Your Love" is the fourth single produced by British DJ and record producer Sigala, it features the partial production work from American electric guitarist Nile Rodgers and was released on which date?
29 April 2016
Which song from Revenge by XXXTentacion samples heavily from the song "Changes" by British dubstep DJ and record producer Mala?
Look at Me
In 2013, Yousef Al-Nehmi competed in the 50 m butterfly event at what gaming event, located in Incheon, South Korea?
2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games
Are Paul Claudel and Robert Penn Warren both poets?
yes
In which state are based the animated studios for the producer of the 1991 animated feature film 'Beauty and the Beast' who also create short films and television specials?
California
Southeastern Airlines was acquired by a carrier of what regional airline that operates short and medium-haul routes?
Delta Connection
The Iron Crown, in the Italian language, "La corona di ferro", is an Italian adventure, released in which year, written and directed by Alessandro Blasetti, starring Massimo Girotti and Gino Cervi?
1941
Are Brendon Urie and Jack Evans both songwriters?
yes
When was the Connecticuit Agricutural College founded?
1881
Jan Van Eyck Academie was in a city which was a capital of which State?
Limburg
What year was the computer graphics supervisor for the 2004 American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proya nominated for an Academy Award?
2012
Who are the managers for the Chinese actor who appears in The Three-Body Problem alongside Zhang Jingchu?
Huayi Brothers
What band released and album called "Young Modern" and who's lead singer guitarist ranked 18 on Rolling Stone's list of 25 most underrated guitarist?
Silverchair
What year did the group from Ben Mezrich's book, Brining Down the House: The Inside Story of Six MIT Students Who Took Vegas for Millions, begin to operate successfully?
1979
Fereydun Robert "Fred" Armisen, is an American actor, comedian, voice artist, screenwriter, producer, singer, and musician, and has portrayed characters in comedy films, including EuroTrip an American teen comedy adventure film written by Alec Berg, David Mandel, and Jeff Schaffer, released in which year?
2004
Who was the English clergyman and Archbishop of Trier Otto von Ziegenhain that led the Battle of Tachov?
Henry Beaufort
Who is the older sister of the actress who co-starred with Allu Arjun in the film Gangotri?
Aarthi Agarwal
Gunnar Olsson and Stuart Baird are both what?
director
The 2001 Kids' Choice Awards is the 14th "Kids' Choice Awards" ceremony, and was hosted by which American comedian, actress, author, and television personality?
Roseann O'Donnell
What's Mary Alice's nationality, as well as the nationality of the person she plays in Catfish in Black Bean Sauce?
American
Who was born first, Wijerd Jelckama or Pier Gerlofs Donia?
Pier Gerlofs Donia
Which director was also a screenwriter, Ivan Reitman or Harry Beaumont?
Harry Beaumont
"Talkin' to the Moon" is a song written by an American singer who performed on how many Top 40 singles?
thirty-three
"GTO" is a song by Sinitta, the song is about a girl whose boyfriend cares more about his car, than her, a GT car produced by Ferrari from 1962 to 1964 for homologation into the FIA's Group 3 Grand Touring Car category?
Ferrari 250 GTO
When was the person who was shot down and killed by Manfred von Richthofen, the "Red Baron" during an air battle of which Robert Saundby was present, born?
30 December 1890
 Démophoon  is an opera by a composer who spend most of his working life where?
France
What ethnicity were both Ed Wood and Loretta King Hadler?
American
Which band was co-founded by the musician who presented Joe Max with the Remixer of the Year award at Summer Sessions in Atlantic City in 2017?
Chic
which mountain is higher, Kabru or Manaslu?
Kabru
What was Robert Tree Cody's adopted father's most prominent PSA role?
Keep America Beautiful
What high school did the killing of Scott Christopher Nelson and Richard David Stephenson occur?
Louisville Male High School
In what country are the cities of Chhindwara and Jabalpur located?
India
Who was the only reporter present when the visible spokesperson and leader in the Civil Rights Movement was assassinated?
Earl Caldwell
What song was performed by an American recording artist, who at age 22, died on a plane with eight other people?
Enough Said
Were The Adventures of Huck Finn and Piglet's Big Movie distributed by the same studio?
yes
On which reality TV Show did Maroon 5's lead singer appear as a judge?
The Voice
Troy Gentile played in a musical fantasy comedy film co-written by who?
Liam Lynch
Which of the studies Phillip Cary concentrated on at Eastern University was an early North African Christian theologian and philosopher whose writings influenced the development of Western Christianity and Western philosophy?
Augustine of Hippo
When was the Italian pianist and composer with which Canzoniere Grecanico Salentino performed born? 
23 November 1955
Gary Garland is the uncle of what American reality television and media personality who was the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston?
Bobbi Kristina Brown
Who produced the new version of the "Up Series"?
Granada Television
Cycas and Carludovica, are in the same family?
no
Lambda 8300 and Dragon 32/64, are electronic devices?
yes
What ethnicity was the actor that played Reg Cattermole in the movie rendition of J. K. Rowling's seventh novel of the Harry Potter series?
Welsh
Chara is a Japanese bi-monthly magazine of what type of genre that focuses on romantic or sexual relationships between male characters?
Yaoi
How many decades did Pakistani politician and subject of biographical film Kaptaan: The Making of a Legend play international cricket?
two
The documentary film "Reincarnated" was shot by Andy Capper of a magazine and website founded in what canadian city?
Montreal
Which Mallrats actress also stared in the comedy Police Academy: Mission to Moscow?
Claire Forlani
In what county is the city where St. John's Seminary is located located?
Ventura County
who directed the horror film that Nadia Farès rose to international fame for?
Mathieu Kassovitz
What is the name given to a list of scientists with the given name stephen or variations of this which inspired a four day, word of mouth petition of scientists in support of Darwinism?
Project Steve
"Sea of Time" is an instrumental piece composed by George Martin and performed by his 41-piece orchestra for the Beatles' film "Yellow Submarine", a British animated musical fantasy comedy film inspired by the music of the Beatles, released in which year?
1968
What multinational retailer was founded in London and a part of the Silverburn shopping centre?
Debenhams
The brother of the Goddesses Selene and Eos may be the natural father of what God?
Argonauts Augeas
What nationality was the film score composer who worked on a 2017 World War II film by Christopher Nolan?
German
New American Library is an imprint of this company, founded by a merger between Publishers Random House and Penguin Group?
Penguin Random House
What Scottish-American industrialist born in 1835 funded over 3,000 libraries in 47 states?
Andrew Carnegie
What did Aml Eysan Ameen acted in is an American science fiction drama web television series created by Lana and Lilly Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski?
Sense8
For which French king did Nicolas Bergier serve as an advisor in the 17th century?
Louis XIII
Foxfire Light was written by the author who has sold how many copies worldwide?
300 million
Clara Lieber worked with the German chemist in the fields of what two disciplines?
radioactivity and radiochemistry
What agency manages the commuter rail line that has a station at the confluence of Lake Worth Road (SR 802) and Interstate 95?
South Florida Regional Transportation Authority
In what year was the coach of the NFL team that plays their home games at MetLife Stadium born?
1977
What is the zip code of the town that The Nature Institute is located in?
12075
Which American fantasy author was the subject of an "Odyssey" of essays in 2004, about her works and fictional worlds?
C. J. Cherryh
Which American gymnast represented the United States of America at the 2001 international multi-sport event held in Akita, Japan?
Shenea Booth
Spalding is an unincorporated community in Nez Perce County, Idaho, United States, ten miles east of Lewiston, on the Clearwater River close to the intersection of U.S. Routes 12 and 95, U.S. Route 95 (US 95) is a north–south U.S. highway in the western part of which country?
United States
Are Monthly Review and Collier's both magazines?
yes
The country FK Dubočica is from has around how many residents?
7 million
Which occurred first, The Korean War or The Battle of the Bulge?
Battle of the Bulge
What airline based in Cairo, Egypt, operates under EgyptAir and provides service to Tel Aviv?
Air Sinai
What was the nickname for the other steel helmet used with the Mk III in WWII?
Panic Hat
What national team does the winner of the 2016-17 Crystal Palace Football Club Player of the Year represent?
Ivory Coast
Caliente featured which Cuban artist that recieved the National Medal of Arts in 1994?
Celia Cruz
What is the stadium called, of the rugby league club that Siose Muliumu played professionally for?
Recreation Ground
What urban entertainment venue offering cinema, clubs and eateries is located on or adjacent to the street that includes Ubris and CIS Tower?
The Printworks
A Very Crappy Christmas was an episode in season four of South Park, which began airing on what date?
April 5, 2000
The actor who played Chino Ho Kelly on the T.V. series "Hawaii Five-O" Starred along side his son that played which character?
Sgt. Duke Lukela
The Writing Camp assisted Beyonce with a song from what studio album?
I Am... Sasha Fierce
What number did the supergroup the owner of Axtone Records was part place on the "DJ Magazine" Top 100 DJ Poll 2011?
ten
Stuart Chambers succeed what British businessman as chairman of Anglo American plc from 1 November 2017?
Sir John Parker
Where are the headquarters of the company that developed the AN/APQ-159, an I band/J band radar system?
Ferguson, Missouri, United States.
Cumberland Gap, Tennessee is surrounded on all sides by a park named after a natural break in what mountains?
Appalachian Mountains
What mansion combining Jacobean and Elizabethan styles with symmetrical Baroque massing is also the birthplace of a famous cricketer? 
Harlaxton Manor
Koestler was sentenced to death under the regime of which Spanish military dictator?
Francisco Franco Bahamonde
Owen Robertson Cheatham founded the company traded on the stock exchange nicknamed what from 1949 to 2005?
The Big Board
Floyd Gerhardt is a fictional character in the the second season of Fargo, an American anthology black comedy–crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley, premiered on which date, on the basic cable network FX?
October 12, 2015
What Hugh Wilson directed film did Neal Israel also work on?
Police Academy
WNSL is licensed to a city locted in what Mississippi county?
Jones County
What city is a tourist destination and also near the area where over 10,000 soldiers died?
Verona
Daniel Levine performed in which Broadway show that was based on the songs of ABBA?
Mamma Mia!
The star of the 2010 remake of "Clash of the Titans" also stars with John Cusack in a 2012 film directed by who ?
James McTeigue
The Armée d'Orient fought on the front that was created as an aid to what country?
Serbia
Which season of the National Hockey League was the 19th in franchise history.?
69th season
Which band did the original song "Strawberry Fields Forever" that was remade by the dance band Candy Flip?
the Beatles
What major tourism center also transmits FM radio station Bay FM 88.0? 
Nelson Bay
From where did many of the initial residents of Llewelyn, Saskatchewan originate?
Patagonia, Argentina
Between the Sabal and the Liatris, which genus of plant produces a fruit called drupe?
Sabal
What is the name of the sequel to the 1944 horror film that the actor best known as "Doc" on Gunsmoke starred in?
The Jungle Captive
In which state are NYU Langone Medical Center and NYU Winthrop Hospital located?
New York
What was the population in 2015 of the city that Pablo Hütt Garcia was born in?
1,578,626
When was an organization representing the descendants of Protestant Lowland Scottish migrants to Ireland founded?
1995
What is the name of this American professional baseball team based in Detroit, Michigan, that was affiliated with the Duluth-Superior Dukes from 1960 to 1964?
Detroit Tigers
Las Vegas Stadium is located west of what 43-story luxury resort?
Mandalay Bay
John Pollow, of Exeter, was an English politician, Exeter is a cathedral city in Devon, in which UK country?
England
Who sang "The Trouble with Love Is" and has had vocals compared to the singer who rose to fame with the release of "Vision of Love"?
Kelly Clarkson
NCS: Manhunt is a British television crime drama series, starring David Suchet, the series notably starred which Irish actor, whose feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic "300" (2007)?
Michael Fassbender
The Russian novel "Antonina" was influenced by an English novel by what author?
Charlotte Brontë
Which film, based on a novel, featured Jung Yu-Mi?
The Crucible
Though usually directing films, who recently starred in the film Swades?
Lekh Tandon
Where were the Aztecs located?
a sub-valley of the Valley of Mexico
History is the twelfth studio album by which American singer-songwriter, who was the father of folk singer Loudon Wainwright III, and singer Sloan Wainwright?
Loudon Snowden Wainwright Jr.
What studio owned by the Toei Company produces the TV series Pretty Cure?
Toei Animation
Are Sparaxis and Salvinia both types of plant?
yes
Romance & Cigarettes included which singer, who came to prominence with her single "Candy"?
Amanda Leigh Moore
Who was the kicker for the college team of the player drafted by the Ravens in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft in 2006?
Jeremy Ito
Are Danny Shirley and Serri both singers?
yes
Isidro Ros Ríos plays for a team that plays in which division ?
Segunda División B – Group 4
What dog breed is more likely a better swimmer, Mucuchies or Flat-Coated Retriever?
Flat-Coated Retriever
Name of autobiography written by advisor and confidant of Queen catalina of castile who  governed Castile as regent from 1406 until 1418 during the minority of her son.
Memorias
In what year did The Wild Thornberrys air on Nicktoonsters?
2008
What 2011 movie did the actress known for the role of Nina Cassady appear in?
A Novel Romance
Would Bob Woodward or Edgar Rice Burroughs be more likely to produce a work of fiction depicting an epic hero?
Edgar Rice Burroughs
In the Crosswind is a drama about this, a mass deportation by the Soviet Union in 1940-1941?
June deportation
Which battle of the Hundred Years' War is the subject of Leslie Barringer's historical novel?
The Battle of Agincourt
Where is a famous tourist definition named after the common term for maize located?
Mitchell, South Dakota
Where is the company that Jenny Ming is CEO of headquartered?
San Diego, California
Which Jacksonville Jaguars season featured some games coached by Doug Marrone, and some games coached by Gus Bradley?
2016 Jacksonville Jaguars season
When did the inspiration of Supermac service as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
1957 to 1963
Who was the member of the "Jonas Brothers" that released the song "Body Moves"?
Joe Jonas
What research group is an independent source of information for the group of countries consisting of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States
G7 Research Group
What is the nationality that links Peter Snow who presented "Trainspotting Live" and Dick Strawbridge?
British
Which publisher produced both Adventure Comics and Flashpoint?
DC Comics
what does Product Recall and Andy Bernard have in common?
comedy
Garsington Manor is located near the home of the son of what American-British billionaire philanthropist?
Sir John Paul Getty, Jr.
The Lötschenlücke connects the Lötschental to the valley of a glacier with a length of about what in 2014?
23 km
Which is an herb, Trachymene or Elaeagnus?
Trachymene
Camp Edwards is a United States military training installation which is located in western Barnstable County, Massachusetts, it forms the largest part of Joint Base Cape Cod, which also includes Otis Air National Guard Base and where>
Coast Guard Air Station Cape Cod
Which tower is found near Portsmouth Harbour railway station?
Spinnaker Tower
Are both Enmund v. Florida and Kelo v. City of New London United States Supreme Court cases?
yes
Are both Mugar family and Gegard Mousasi could be considered celebrities?
yes
Who was the wife of  Jean Michel Jarre's friend who died during the Challenger launch?
Cheryl
Who designed the resort that Allard Roen managed prior to La Costa Resort and Spa?
Hugh Taylor
The 1980 American musical crime comedy film set in Chicago, Illinois, starring John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd was directed by this American film director, screenwriter, actor, and producer who was born in which year?
1950
Gareth Alban Davies is a noted expert on which Spanish poet?
Federico García Lorca.
In what British film studio did Herbert Wilcox produce Sorrell and Son?
Elstree Studios
Where is the airline that AmericanConnection served as a flight connection service brand name for headquartered?
Fort Worth, Texas
To when was the pottery of one of the civilization featured in Age of Empires II: The Conquerors dated
around 8000 BC
The actor Bill Pullman from the Disney movie Tiger Cruise can also be found starring in what movie?
"Spaceballs"
Which university is a private university, Lehigh University or Arkansas State University?
Lehigh University
Sabiha Gökçen International Airport serves as the hub for what airline headquartered in the Kurtköy area of Pendik, Istanbul?
Pegasus Airlines
What does the University of Peradeniya and University of Arkansas have in common? 
Grants
Berkshire Fine Spinning Associates was founded in 1889 and by 1917 the company contained over 260,000 machines used to spin cotton and other fibers whose garriage carried up to how many spindles?
1,320
The Professional Footballers' Association Young Player of the Year, is an annual award given to the player aged 23 or under at the start of the season who is adjudged to have been the best of the season in English football, the current holder is which English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team, known commonly as?
Dele Alli
Which film has more countries involved, Wonder Woman or A Town Called Panic?
A Town Called Panic
What other occupations did the director of the film that won three awards from the Director's Fortnight program at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival hold?
actor, director, screenwriter, editor, costume designer, and voice actor
Who is older, Pavel Urysohn or Yuri Matiyasevich?
Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn
Which owner of the San Diego Padres baseball team was also married to Joan Kroc?
Ray Kroc
FC Svetogorets included what Former Russian international association football striker born in 1982
Aleksandr Kerzhakov
Which magazine was published first, La Belle Assemblée or Mademoiselle?
La Belle Assemblée
The 22nd Guldbagge Awards ceremony, presented by the Swedish Film Institute, honored the best Swedish films of 1986, The Sacrifice, is a 1986 Swedish film, directed by who?
Andrei Tarkovsky
What was this political group called had a series of armed conflicts and political machinations against Parliamentarians, which is often a subject in Partizan Press?
Royalists
The show Famous, Rich and Hungry with Rachel Johnson as one of the people experiencing food poverty has been compared to what celebrity version?
"Benefits Street"
Are Ningguo and Quanzhou in the same country?
yes
Which film is older, The Tillman Story or the Mysterious Castles of Clay?
Mysterious Castles of Clay
What rock band signed to Def American Recordings in 1989, shipped 500,000 copies of their third album reaching gold status? 
The Black Crowes
Which restaurant chain is headquartered further south, Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint, or Marco's Pizza
Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint is a fast casual restaurant chain serving pizzas, salads and sandwiches with its headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.
"Gracias a Ti" (English: "Thanks to You") is a song by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel, who won a Grammy Award in what year?
2009
What county is home to both Laconia, New Hampshire and Winnisquam Lake?
Belknap County
What is a former production company that the animator of the Level C video animation worked for?
Tatsunoko Production
State Route 520 was a short state highway in an independent city and the capital of Nevada, named after who?
Kit Carson
What U.S. arts honor list has been running since 1972, and inducted the actor Harvey Fierstein in 2007?
American Theater Hall of Fame
Where was the award presented that Jonathan B. Wright won for his performace in Spring Awakening?
New York City
The city that houses the UMKC Kangaroos men's basketball team had an estimated population of what in 2016?
481,420
Who served as the 13th Finance Minister of Pakistan, Mahbub ul Haq or Nasir al-Din al-Tusi?
Mahbub ul Haq
Both Shaun Bartlett and Magne Furuholmen are which nationality?
Norwegian
What was the engineer's name that laid out the city, which William W. "Bill" Campbell lived?
Thomas Graves
The Agderfly AS flight school in Norway utilized which type of twin-turboprop STOL utility aircraft between 1989 and 1992?
Dornier Do 228
Which British newspaper journalist contributed to a constitutional crisis in the British Empire by publishing criticism of the reigning king who planned to marry a divorced American socialite.
Arthur Henry Mann
What now demolished hotel and casino once located on the Las Vegas Strip was central to the plot of the 2001 American action adventure crime film, 3000 Miles to Graceland?
Riviera Casino
Martinair Flight 138 was operated on behalf of a national airline headquartered in what city?
Tangerang
Steponas Kairys is from which city in vilnius county?
Ukmergė
Tevar is a film starring the Indian actor appearing in what type of films?
Bollywood
FiveThirtyEight was founded by the statistician who is a Special Correspondent for what news station?
ABC News
Which anime was David Lodge devolved in that was written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto?
Naruto
Where were the headquarters of the brewing company that Carlsberg acquired  in April 2008 ?
Edinburgh
In what country are the magazines called, "Rays from the Rose Cross" and "Golf Digest" published?
United States
What type of media does Dear Zindagi and Alia Bhatt have in common?
film
Who directed the 1994 American black comedy neo-noir crime film producted by Harvey Weinstein?
Quentin Tarantino
Daniel Massey starred in The Queen's Guards alongside which actor, who was once regarded as the natural successor to Laurence Olivier?
Robert Stephens
The 2009 drama film Tanner Hall was written and directed by which Italian-American director and writer born in 1968?
Francesca Gregorini
What do both Lincoln Steffens and Tom Clancy have in common?
published
What year did the Los Angeles Clippers and Memphis Grizzlies face off, resulting in the Los Angeles Clippers to lose their first-round series in six games?
2012–13
What NCAA Division I men's basketball team from Stillwater, Oklahoma once had Kyle Keller as an assistant coach?
Oklahoma State Cowboys
Who was born first, Guy Gavriel Kay or Joanne Harris?
Guy Gavriel Kay
Are Bob Mould and Wax on Radio musical artists from Great Britain?
no
Are both Maurice Ravel and Ambroise Thomas French composers?
yes
what does De Zoeker, Zaandam and Flax have in common?
linseed
The actress that played the title character on the sitcom "Murphy Brown" stars with Gene Hackman in a 1977 thriller film based on a novel by what author?
Adam Kennedy
Among John Malkovich's 70+ film roles is which 1996 crime thriller with an ensemble cast led by Nick Nolte and Jennifer Connelly?
Mulholland Falls
Have Bobby Gillespie and John Bush both been members of a band?
yes
What applications are the speciality of the software company founded in 1993 by businessman Thomas Siebel?
CRM
ESPN College Football Friday Primetime includes games that will be announced in 2017 by which former American football nose tackle?
Dusty Dvoracek
Nancy Massie Meadows spent time living in a West Virginia town that is also the county seat of which county?
Kanawha County
Who is older, Danny Jones or David Coverdale?
David Coverdale
Thomas Wolfe and Michael Connelly, are of which nationality?
American
Which shipmaker built the RMS Olympic for the White Star Line during the early 20th century?
Harland & Wolff shipyard
Which species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family is a feeding source for Achaea lienardi?
Ricinus
The statesman who was the father of Jane Cobden was associated with what major free trade campaign treaty?
Cobden–Chevalier Treaty
Nick Stone is the main fictional character in a series of books written by an author born in what year?
1959
Which magazine was published more often, Audrey or Lucire?
Lucire
Which American professional wrestling manager and occasional professional wrestler who was a member of The Mega Powers died in 2003 of a drug and alcohol overdose?
Miss Elizabeth
How many spin-off series were spawned by the TV show that featured Farrah Abraham in its first season while she was pregnant?
three
Where was the playwright who wrote Black Nativity from?
Joplin, Missouri
Which comic fantasy book series is A Tourist Guide To Lancre  the third book in
Discworld
Racing flats, or simply flats, are lightweight athletic shoes designed for "long distance" track and field, cross country, and most often, road running, the sport of running on a measured course, over an established what?
road
George W. Forbes excoriated Booker T. Washington for the agreement struck in what year regarding race relations?
1895
What type of public area does Wave Breaker: The Rescue Coaster and SeaWorld San Antonio have in common?
park
How many shops does the larger of the Miami International Mall and Dolphin Mall have?
240
Volcan Bay and Wet 'n Wild Orlando are both in what state?
Florida
Where were the winter games held in which Sabastien Toutant won a silver medal?
Aspen, Colorado
What Canadian bandleader known for his lush arrangements of pop and Christmas standards also recorded a version of the 1953 song Rags to Riches with Tony Bennett?
Percy Faith
What 2015 biographical drama features Dane William DeHaan?
Life
Bert Gosnell played two FA Cup finals for which club based in Newcastle-upon-Tyne?
Newcastle United Football Club
Which member of Quintessence Films produced the film "Kids"?
Larry Clark
The receiver who had 1,303 receiving yards and eight touchdowns with the 2003 Tennessee Titans played college football where?
Michigan State
The presenter of  "Sky News Sunrise" and "This Morning" replaced what host on "Pass the Buck?"
Fred Dinenage
Who wrote the script for the film directed by the co-founder of Blue Sky Studios and starring Lucas Till?
Derek Connolly
Novelist Clive Staples Lewis, best known as C. S. Lewis, the author of The Chronicles of Narnia which featured Lucy Pevensie, also taught at Oxford University and what other university?
Cambridge University
The album on which the song "Joanne" was first released was released in what month in 2016?
October
Which American singer known for her highly distinctive singing style starred in St. Louis Blues?
Eartha Kitt
Florence Reece wrote a popular song related to the Harlan County strike, where did this strike take place?
Harlan County, Kentucky
The documentary "Empire of Dreams" talks about the original Star Wars movies, one of which was the first film to use what type of technology?
THX technology
Who is the author of the film based on a novel that stars an actor that also appeared in the Kick-Ass film?
Don Winslow
Are Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge and Buziaș both towns?
no
What is the name of Intuit, Inc's popular accounting software, that is powered by SQL Anywhere?
QuickBooks
are David Donato and Cedric Bixler-Zavala in the same band
no
Who created the whistle jingle of the company that employs Steven Wolk as the chief technology officer?
Leer Leary
No More Mr. Nice Guy features what American country music singer who wrote for Montomery Gentry and Tim McGraw, and was born when?
August 27, 1961
What City was English cricketer Chorlton-cum-Hardy born in? 
Manchester
Damasonium and Brillantaisia, are types of what?
plants
What award did the actress from the film FM win in 1971?
BAFTA award nomination for Best Supporting Actress
Bundle of Joy starred the actor who was first married to which actress?
Debbie Reynolds
Where was the Six Flags located that first had the ride Batman The Escape?
Jackson, New Jersey
What country does Fresno Yosemite International Airport and Yeager Airport have in common?
United States
Are the film directors Miguel Littín and Carlos Saldanha both from Brazil?
no
What Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Louisville is owned by Block Communications?
WDRB
UMCS was named in honour of which Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity?
Marie Curie-Sklodowska
Who is the American composer that composed songs for the film On the Avenue?
Irving Berlin
The hometown of skier Colby James West is located in what county?
Merrimack County
What University was John Appleton (aka John de Appleton) a Master of?
was a Master of University College, Oxford, England.
What was the smallest denomination of the official currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from 1863 to 1866?
one mil coin
Which shopping mall in Middlesex county offers 115 stores?
Square One Mall
What country is setting of a poem where a person is buried alive, a poem written by the same author as a 1991 american horror film directed by Stuart Gordon?
Italian
The "DM World Tour" is the third concert tour by Mexican popstar Dulce María, the tour began on which date?
March 24, 2017
Where are Karjiang and Kirat Chuli?
Karjiang is a mountain in Tibet, located near the Bhutan–China border.
The first Canadian space walker hosts the show "Miniverse" which airs on what on demand service?
CuriosityStream
What was the nationality of the actor who said "Will Penny" was his favorite film in which he appeared?
American
What division did Alan smith score 6 goals in?
Third Division
The Caretaker was inspired by the 1980 film directed by whom?
Stanley Kubrick
When did the musical in which Lauren played the role of Miss Honey have its trial run at the Stratford-upon-Avon theatre?  
November 2010 to January 2011
The defeat of Wisconsin in the 1963 Rose Bowl was one of how many Rose Bowl appearances for the USC Trojans?
eight
Which Holocaust survivor is grandfather to the son-in-law and senior advisor to President of the United States Donald Trump.? 
Joseph Kushner
What town is near a Homestead that was occupied be the early settlers, who's name may have originated in the small endangered macropod>
Bungendore
The author of the books that Margaret Tempest is best known for her illustrations of wrote how many books?
over 100
What is the capital of the southern African country that has a species of moth??
Harare
What was the 2010 population of the New Hampshire town drained by the Merrymeeting and represented by Martin C. Harty?
2,638
When was the director of the  English adaptation of Willy the Sparrow born? 
January 26, 1970
Which American actor, drag queen, insult comedian, and costume deisgner starred in Hurricane Bianca?
Bianca Del Rio
A country that is made up for fictional stories, and does not exist in real life Melniboné, is called ?
A fictional country
In what year was the game console for which Kowloon's Gate was released in 1997 released in Japan?
1994
Louis Jolliet (September 21, 1645last seen May 1700) was a French Canadian explorer known for his discoveries in North America, Jolliet and Jesuit Father Jacques Marquette S.J. (June 1, 1637 – May 18, 1675), sometimes known as Père Marquette or James Marquette, was a French Jesuit missionary who founded Michigan's first European settlement, Sault Ste. Marie, and later founded St. Ignace, in which state?
Michigan
What is the name of the brand of commuter and regional flights based out of Dublin Airport, the 15th busiest airport in Europe?
Aer Lingus Regional
Anglo-Indian or Indian-born British travel writer, educator and social activist had her story loosely adapted into an American animated musical film directed by Richard Rich? 
Anna Leonowens
Which magazine was published weekly vs every weekday, Aeon or Life?
Life
MTX Mototrax is a video game depicting a sport that evolved from motorcycle trials competitions held where?
United Kingdom
When did the cousin of the Grand Duke of Lithuania die?
October 27, 1430
The aircraft Sir Baboon McGoon was named after a character in a comic strip distributed by what company?
United Feature Syndicate
When was the science fiction-horror film-teen film, which was directed by American film director, photographer, writer and film producer who is best known for his controversial teen film "Kids," released?
2002
Lavant and Lienz are both located where?
East Tyrol
The 1906 Florida football team played in what city during it's inaugural season?
Gainesville
What famous document was signed into law in the largest city in Uganda?
Common Man's Charter
Bailee Madison's notable works include what 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan?
Just Go with It
An American author of political thrillers endorsed a novel by which New York Times best-selling author?
Chris Kuzneski
Which Buffalo Bills quarterback lost the Super Bowl twice in his 11 seasons with the Bills?
James Edward Kelly
The director of The White Balloon also directed what film inspired by his daughter?
Offside
Who was born in 1954 and appointed Arthur Sinodinos as Cabinet Secretary?
Malcolm Turnbull
Peter Rabbit contains a live action role played by what Irish actor and writer who is the son of actor Brendan Gleeson?
Domhnall Gleeson
Which french drama was nominated for the  Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes film festival?
Young & Beautiful
The 22 acre complex located between 48th and 51st streets in New York City was designed by what architect?
Wallace K. Harrison
Were Operation Nordwind and the Battle of Peleliu both fought in World War II?
yes
Who would be older in 2017, Brian Connolly or Chris Daughtry?
Brian Francis Connolly
what job/hobby do Andy Ram and Arnaud Clément have in common?
professional tennis
The Latino World Order was led by a wrestler born in which year ?
1967
The Agrotis alluaudi moth is found on an island in what ocean?
Indian Ocean
Who had only one brother and was a british executioner for 23 years?
John Ellis
Simmons Bedding Company is the sister company of the mattress manufacturer based in what city?
Hoffman Estates, Illinois
What album was also the name of a tour and film directed by Albert Magnoli?
Purple Rain
Lamedh is part of what type of script used in writing the Hebrew language?
abjad
Garnett Brown has worked with what inductee into the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame?
Lionel Leo Hampton
Which two professional hock teams did both Ray Ferraro and Pat Verbeek play for?
Hartford Whalers, New York Rangers
What is the population of the suburb of Melbourne, Australia where Uni Hill factory outlets are located?
28,653
What nickname was given to the actor who was part of the voice cast for the Donald Duck Cartoon?
Ukulele Ike
Stuart Diver was the sole survivor of what catastrophic landslide occurred at the village and ski resort of Thredbo, New South Wales, Australia, on 30 July 1997?
1997 Thredbo landslide
What sport did a German father and son duo both play?
football
What American casino and resort operating company owns The Parisian?
Las Vegas Sands
Which mountain is taller, Istor-o-Nal or Siguang Ri?
Istor-o-Nal
The CAC Woomera was created by which corporation that was established in 1936?
Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation
Ann Mui was the older sister to what singer and actress who had major contributions to the Cantopop music scene?
Anita Mui
In what town was the 5th leading actress of Repo Man born? 
Leiderdorp
In what year did the university which Lwazi Maziya attended on a sports scholarship take its present name?
1969
What was the population of the birth town of Daniel Boyarin according to the 2010 United States Census?
16,116
The Music and John Butler Trio, are musical groups?
yes
Which German Formula One racing driver shared the lead in the with Lewis Hamilton in the lead in 2017 Formula One Driver's Championship?
Sebastian Vettel
Where was the compser of In My Time born and raised?
Kalamata, Greece
What company founded notably by Elon Musk and Sam Altman employs Wojciech Zaremba as the head of robotics?
OpenAI
Lee Min-ho, a South Korean actor and singer, starred in his first leading role in film with "Gangnam Blues",  a 2015 South Korean noir action film written and directed by who?
Yoo Ha
What division does the team for which the 2009 South American Footballer of the Year plays compete in?
Primera División
What is the hometown of the man who owned the club founded by Mickey Gilley?
Pasadena, Texas
What is the name for residents of the state of Texas who are culturally descended from the original Spanish-speaking settlers of Texas and northern Mexico who are often associated with a genre of music that originated in New Mexico, United States, dervied from the Puebloan music in the 13th century?
Tejano
Which Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, who also served as the MP for Pontefract and Castleford since 1997, is associated with John Webster Robertson?
Yvette Cooper
What Italian football club team won the Serie A Championship in 1984-85 for their first and so far only Scudetto?
Hellas Verona Football Club
"False Alarm" is a song from which third studio album by Canadian singer The Weeknd?
Starboy
What year was the university system that the University of Montana is a part of created?
1994
Who was the presenting sponsor of the race where Jeff Wood made his CART debut?
Nissan/Datsun
The 1979 Indiana Hoosiers football team was coached by a featured analyst on what ESPN program?
College GameDay
War All the Time is an album released by a band formed in which city?
New Brunswick
Which mountain is located mostly in America's longest linear park?
Tomkins Mountain
What are both James Whale and Jon Paul Puno?
filmmaker
Who founded the Dutch Symphonic metal band who released the album Black Symphony?
Sharon den Adel and guitarist Robert Westerholt
The Piano Concerto in F sharp minor, Op. 20, is an early work of which Russian composer and pianist?
Alexander Scriabin
Nettleden with Potten End is a civil parish in Dacorum District, the Borough of Dacorum is a local government district in Hertfordshire, in which UK country?
England
Both Devin Thomas and Tom Brady play which American sport?
Football
What music genre do Richard Ashcroft and the band Galaxie 500 play?
alternative rock
Which computer was released first, the LNW-80 or the Thomson MO5?
LNW-80
Mike Johnson created an animation of the song written by which group
Charlie Daniels Band
Minister of State for Happiness is a Minister of State in which ederal absolute monarchy in Western Asia at the southeast end of the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf?
United Arab Emirates
What plot follows Barden University's all-girl a cappella group, The Barden Bellas, as they compete against another a cappella group from their college to win Nationals, and starred an actress known for her role of Alexis in the party film "Project X"?
Pitch Perfect
Who is a bestselling American writer known for his fictional and non-fictional accounts of police work in the United States, Joseph Wambaugh or Helen Zahavi?
Joseph Aloysius Wambaugh, Jr.
What nationality was the guest star that sang "There are so many colors in the rainbow..."?
American
What is the name of the ski area located in Franklin County, Maine?
Sugarloaf
Are both Skillet and Peter Kember rock bands?
yes
Which female sex hormone, is Deslorelin acetate known to taper off?
Estrogen
The war in which Asbadus was involved in took place between what years?
535 until 554
What American political activist, academic, and author was represented by Leo Branton in her 1972 murder trial?
Angela Davis
What crima drama television show did Victoria Luz Cartagena play Renee Montoya?
Gotham
Who is the American composer of music for films who composed Mission Impossible III?
Michael Giacchino
Are Perovskia and Pineapple both types of plant?
yes
 W. S. McIntosh pushed for minorities to be able to work at the department store in what Ohio city?
Dayton
What production company developed the 2015 television show of which Alex Mallari Jr. is the star?
Prodigy Pictures
What group of prominent 19th Century composers were Alexander Borodin and Mily Balakirev apart of?
The Mighty Handful
how is Joseph Ferdinand of Bavaria and Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor related?
King
Army of Anyone and Doves, share which genre?
rock
Which city in California is home to Pomona College and also featured in mixed media art work by artist Bas Jan Ader?
Claremont
What country do Hiroshima and Kazuto Taguchi have in common?
Japan
Ronald Joseph "Ronnie" McFall, is a former football player and manager, at the time of his resignation he was the longest-serving manager in European club football, having held the record ever since Alex Ferguson stood down as Manchester United manager in 2013, Ferguson is a Scottish former football manager and player who managed which organization, from 1986 to 2013?
Manchester United
What is the profession shared by Philip Glass and Antonio Salieri 
composer, conductor
Princess Marie-Cécile of Prussia, is the daughter of Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia, and his wife, Grand Duchess Kira Kirillovna of Russia, maternally, she is a granddaughter of who was later titled, Grand Duchess Victoria Feodorovna of Russia, who is the he third child and second daughter of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha?
Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
Who was the director of the 2000 South Korean film in which Suh Jung was cast as lead?
Kim Ki-duk
What prominent Danish actor, born 22 May 1973, starred in the Danish film "Truly Human'?
Nikolaj Lie Kaas
Jiaojiang District and Taichung, are located in which country?
China
What is the middle name of successful candidate in The 2004 United States Senate election in Alabama ?
Craig
How have the Chicago Bears game seasons under John Fox differed from the game seasons of the Carolina Panthers and the Denver Broncos while they were under John Fox?
seek the first winning season under Fox
Do Calothamnus and Grewia belong to the same genus?
no
What is the name of the animation studio which produces the television series that takes place at a school dubbed the "Worst College in America"?
Titmouse, Inc.
Who painted the Clinton's Family Portrait in 1995?
Larry D. Alexander
What Celtics player, born November 16, 1946, was named NBA Finals MVP in their 1975-76 season?
Jo Jo White
The Psychopathography of Adolf Hitler has been diagnosed by which founder of the William Allison White Institute of Psychiatry?
Erich Seligmann Fromm
What position did Mike Scully and Al Jean both hold at varying times in the Simpsons?
showrunner
 The Liberator was a monthly socialist magazine established to continue the work of a magazine that federal prosecutors brought charges against its editors for conspiring to obstruct what?
conscription
Bernhard Wicki and Craig Schlattman, have which mutual occupation?
film director
What postition did Simon Coveney take over after losing to Enda Kenny in 2017 at the Fine Gael leadership election?
Minister for Foreign Affairs
Who was replaced by Jon Walker in a band that Jake Sinclair had wrote songs for?
Brent Wilson
Who starred in the film based on an American producers relationship with her spouse
It stars Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, Adeel Akhtar, and Anupam Kher
What team did Allen John Jakovich's younger brother play for?
the West Coast Eagles
Come Over When You're Sober, Pt. 1 is the debut album of a rapper from what state?
New York
What other film, beside the American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas was considered a blockbuster in 2004?
Ocean's Twelve
Who is the son of the former Queen of the United Kinddom? 
Prince George, Duke of Kent
14 Carrot Rabbit was a cartoon that featured which Mel Blanc-voiced character?
Bugs Bunny
What band does the author of the song, "Let My Love Open The Door," play in?
the Who
Which American author, Rachel Carson or William Faulkner, had a greater influence on attitudes about the global environmental movement.
Rachel Louise Carson (May 27, 1907 – April 14, 1964) was an American marine biologist, author, and conservationist whose book "Silent Spring" and other writings are credited with advancing the global environmental movement.
What organization which the The Alabama people Native Americans were a part of owned the land the Wellborn house was built on?
the Creek Confederacy
Are John Scagliotti and Alice Guy-Blaché both radio broadcasters?
no
What year was the movie released starring an American actress born in 1943 and James Cann?
1966
Where does the NFL team, who Cory Procter finished his career with, play their home games?
Hard Rock Stadium
Between Loropetalum and Hardenbergia, which originates from Australia?
Hardenbergia
The 1981 horror film An American Werewolf in London marked the first Oscar win for Rick Baker in which category?
Best Makeup and Hairstyling
Which film was released first, Treasure Island or The Living Desert?
Treasure Island
Nick Owen, an English television presenter and newsreader, participated in Romany Wood to do what?
raise money
Kara Best Clips was by a Korean girl group whose name meant what?
sweet melody
A Christmas Carol, released in which year, is an American 3D computer animated motion-capture fantasy film, the film also features supporting roles done by Gary Oldman?
2009
Which U.S. plain were a small cult of Native North Americans who practiced oppositional behavior located?
Great Plains
what does King Adora and Ezra Koenig have in common?
rock
Mis Romances was a studio album by the singer who is often referred to with what nickname?
El Sol de México
Which West Coast pizza chain could I visit if I went to Northern California, Mountain Mike's Pizza or Dion's? 
Mountain Mike's Pizza
Are both musicians Marilyn Manson and Ville Valo also a song-writer?
yes
Akatsi North District and its capital Ave-Dakpa are located in which African country?
Ghana
Who was born later, Hans Fallada or James Ellroy?
Lee Earle "James" Ellroy
Asbjørn Hróbjartsson received his Ph.D. in June 2001 from a univeristy founded in what year?
1479
At which university does the phycisist upon who's bestseller "Calabi-Yau" is based teach?
Columbia University
Which football club that Steve Carney played for was founded in 1907 and accepted into the Football League in 1921?
Rochdale Association Football Club
Where is Darwin located?
Australia
What company helped fund the building of the outer space roller coaster that inspired part of the Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour?
RCA
What culture do both the Capital of the Netherlands and Amsterdamned have in common?
Dutch
What movie composed by Dimitri Tiomkin grossed $8.5 million in its theatrical release?
The High and the Mighty
Who was the actress in "El Americano: The Movie" that also starred in "Muchachitas"?
Kate del Castillo
Who was born first, Douglas Daniel Clark or Carol M. Bundy?
Carol M. Bundy
Howard Harris was a comedy writer whose credits included what show starring Groucho Marx, known as a master of quick wit and is widely considered one of the best comedians of the modern era?
"Copacabana"
Were The Bravery and For Against both from the same city? 
no
Whose homeland is geographically farther north, Tom Robinson or Ihsahn? 
Ihsahn
What is the name of the Austrian football club from Carinthia who competed for twenty seasons on the second level of the football pyramid and for whom Michael Sollbauer plays midfield?
Wolfsberger AC
Which Fast N' Loud TV Show star was also featured in Dodge Vehicle Commercials?
Richard Rawlings
Which German diplomat played an important part in the Rescue of the Danish Jews during World War II 
Georg Ferdinand Duckwitz
The Checklist Manifesto was a nonfiction book by the surgeon and writer who practices general surgery at what facility?
Brigham and Women's Hospital
Anne van Aaken is a professor at the university located in which country?
Switzerland
What is the name of this megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, where Frank Caliendo had a show from 2009 to 2011?
Monte Carlo Resort and Casino
Who is the current president of the country Samira Negrouche lives and works in?
Abdelaziz Bouteflika
What religion was the language used by Dr. Shridhar Bhaskar Warnekar the primary language of?
Hinduism
Which director, Stephan Elliott or Keri Collins, is a BAFTA winning director?
Keri Collins
What type of law defines "states", and their role in an Exclusive Economic Zone?
international law
Antu or Antum and Anu are the parents of the Anunnaki that are a group of what?
deities
Which American football coach was attached to the College of San Mateo, the San Francisco 49ers and the Stanford Cardinals during his career?
Bill Walsh
"I Can't" is a song recorded by American rapper Foxy Brown featuring this R&B girl group consisting of members Kima ray nor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long?
Total
German Spitz and Sinhala Hound are both what type of animal?
Dog
Ignazio Boschetto was part of the group who, in 2010, re-recorded which 1985 hit song?
We Are the World 25 for Haiti
Who is the star that appeared in the movie Mr. Deeds with Adam Sandler and made her film debut in the film "Lucas" ?
Winona Ryder
Are Harry Edwards and Tadeusz Konwicki both Canadian?
no
Darius Songaila was a member of the basketball team from a nation with what population?
2.9 million
In what state does the animated television series featuring voice work by Catherine Taber as Lori Loud take place?
Michigan
What castle is based on the late-19th century Neuschwanstein Castle in Germany and is at the center of Disneyland Paris?
Sleeping Beauty Castle
Which Canadian singer has Melissa VanFleet been compared to?
Alanis Morissette
Are Isabel Allende and John McGahern both writers?
yes
Varaždin Generalate was a province that was part of the Kingdom that had what city as its capital?
Zagreb
Jonah Takalua is a character from the TV series written by which comedian?
Chris Lilley
Who wrote the screenplay for the movie that Dana Barron played Audrey Griswold in?
John Hughes
Ivel Z3 and Kenbak-1 are both what kind of commercial product?
computer
What equation is this Indian astrophysicist who founded Indian Physical Society best known for?
Saha ionization equation
Who has more scope of profession, Jean Venturini or Kōbō Abe?
Kōbō Abe
Along which river is the city in which The El Pinar Zoo is located ?
the Guaire River
Liv Kristine and Gerard Way, have which mutual occupations?
singer, songwriter
What year was the console made by Sony Computer Entertainment that Petz: Catz 2 is out for released in Japan?
2000
The tv series "Our Zoo" is about the creation of a zoo opened in what year?
1931
American Pie, the 1999 teen sex comedy film stars which actor who popularized the term "MILF"?
John Cho
The author that wrote the foreword to "The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions" has received how many ECPA Christian Book Awards?
four
Which Canadian professional hockey player appears on the cover of the first National Hockey League series installment to be released on Game Cube?
Jarome Iginla
For Those Who Think Young features what American comedian, voice artist, actor and TV personality, born in 1982?
Paul Lynde
Which genus contains more species, Hippeastrum or Pittosporum?
Pittosporum
Katy Garretson directed what series centering around D.J. Tanner-Fuller?
Fuller House
At the 2014 Asian Games which sport had more team events?
Handball
Frank Cappello wrote what film that Keanu Reeves stars in?
Constantine
When did Time Out, the British Travel Magazine the works in which Roger Perry is best known for, start its publication?
1968
What Christmas album featuring Eric Hansen had songs included on the Christmas 25th Anniversary Collection album by Mannheim Streamroller?
A Fresh Aire Christmas
Luca Hischier, is a Swiss ice hockey player currently playing with SC Bern of the National League (NL), internationally Hischier has represented Switzerland at the 2015 World Junior Championships, was the 39th edition of World Junior Ice Hockey Championship, played from December 26, 2014 to which date?
January 5, 2015
Anetta Kahane is a former agent for the official state security service of the German Democratic Republic which was headquartered where?
East Berlin
How many divisions are in the league that Franck Steve Songo'o has spent most of his senior career in?
more than 480
What American actor and singer whose roles include the title character in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off",  also starred in The Music Man, a 2003 American television film directed by Jeff Bleckner?
Matthew Broderick
Productions filmed at Space Studios Mancheter include a BBC drama television series that is based on what Israeli series?
Yellow Peppers
What specialism did Alec Naylor Dakin, fellow of Oxford College, pursue at Bletchley Park during the second World War; a central site for British codebreakers?
cryptologist
Included among chromatic button accordions is what chromatic button accordion developed in Russia in the early 20th century and named after the 11th-century bard Boyan?
bayan
Stefan Persson played home games in what borough while in the NHL?
Brooklyn
Are both Sapsali and Staffordshire Bull Terrier a breed of dog?
yes
Just Go is a duet performed in 2009 by Akon with which other artist?
Lionel Richie
Who is most prominently known as the lead vocalist and bassist for the American heavy metal band Of Mice & Men, Aaron Pauley or  Amy Lee?
Aaron Pauley
Who is the actress who co-stared in the comedy series "Peter Kay's Car Share" with actor Peter Kay?
Sian Gibson
What mystery film by Robert Altman included a performance by a "One Life To Live" star?
Gosford Park
Would you expect The Knot Garden and The Cunning Little Vixen to be played in a movie theater?
no
Where did the Admiral who authorized the First Yale Unit claim to have reached?
North Pole
What prize did John R. Fischetti receive for his two-dimensional animated illustrations?
Pulitzer
As of August 2016, what was the market capitalisation of the company that developed the drug Losmapimod?
£81 billion
Which cofounder of the Center for a New American Security served as a principal advisor to U.S. Secretaries of Defense Robert Gates and Leon Panetta?
Michèle Flournoy
During the 2015-16 season, the Los Angeles Lakers traded for what Jamaican-American professional basketball player who last played for the Denver Nuggets?
Roy Hibbert
What were additional names for the Back-to-Africa movement pioneered by Alfred Charles Sam?
Colonization movement or Black Zionism
Are Youngstown State University and Marmara University in the same country?
no
When did the actress born who perfromed as a history professor Lucy Preston?
August 4, 1981
Were Crazy English and The Voyage that Shook the World created in the same year?
no
Asa Earl Carter co-wrote the infamous pro-segregation line given by what 45th Governor of Alabama?
George Corley Wallace Jr.
DJ Maphorisa has worked with the singer-songwriter and producer of what nationality?
Nigerian
2006 Boise State Broncos football team faced Oklahoma in a 2007 bowl game that was played at what stadium?
University of Phoenix Stadium
The coding machines Eva Salier worked on during the Holocaust were invented by whom?
Arthur Scherbius
Broadway is a street in Portland, Oregon that runs from the Southwest Hills into the Rose City Park area, the Lloyd Center is located on or near Broadway, a shopping mall in the Lloyd District of Portland, Oregon, in which country?
United States
In what city is the composer of the poem Bhṛṅgadūtam based?
Chitrakoot, India
Jacques Vallée describes allegations of the Montauk Project as an outgrowth of stories about a U.S. Navy destroyer escort was claimed to have been rendered what?
invisible
What did Mariana Kovacevic use to treat the injury of Asamoah Gyan, a Ghanaian professional footballer for a suprising fast recovery time?
horse placenta
Samuel Hopkins House is a historic home located in a hamlet with a population of what in 2010?
12,339
The composer of "A Love That Will Never Grow Old" most recently composed the theme music for what Netflix series?
"Making a Murderer"
In between TV on the Radio and Greek Fire,which one was formed in 2008?
Greek Fire
When was Grace Van Pelt's husband born?
2 July 1978
Durng the American Civil War, the Seven Days Battles and Second Battle of Bull Run took place in the summer of which year?
1862
Whose film career included works in a range of exploitation film genres including juvenile delinquent films, nudie-cuties, two children's films and at least one rural comedy, Herschell Gordon Lewis' and Miguel Contreras Torres'?
Herschell Gordon Lewis
Kokomlemle is the location of which radio station run by the Multimedia Group Limited?
Joy FM
Which town, located in the metropolitan area of Belfast, is home to the oldest surviving specialist racing car manufacturer in the United Kingdom?
Holywood
Facing Sudan and Seal Island are both what genre of movie?
documentary film
Needed me and kiss it better were packaged together and released to radio on what date?
March 30, 2016
Coleman Francis and Gabriel Pascal, have which common occupations?
producer and director
Crimewave starred the actor who played whom on the Evil Dead franchise?
Ash Williams
Casino Jack and the United States of Money and Darius Goes West are both what?
documentary
Which board game features a rule for performing captures, making it unique among connection games, Stratego or Onyx?
Onyx
What nationality were both Asclepiodotus and Posidonius?
Greek
SV Vitesse is a football team from Antriòl, where on Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands, playing at the top level, what's the capital city and main port of the island of Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands?
Kralendijk
What artist born in 1989, co-wrote the song "Best Days of Your Life" which was performed by Kellie Pickler?
Taylor Swift.
who is an American journalist and playwright, Francis Ponge or Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey ?
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey
What nationality was the author of the book Horologium Oscillatorium?
Dutch
In what year was the driver who was leader of the standings at the time of the 1997 Molson Indy Vancouver born?
1966
Are Hüsker Dü and The Colourist both musical bands?
yes
The Sciences magazine won seven of an award also known at what ?
the Ellie Awards
The project director of Einstein@Home is the director of what institute in Hannover Germany?
Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics
Which street in Manchester city centre, where often visitors including gay and lesbian tourists from all over the world socialize, did Stuart Alan Jones of "Queer as Folk" work?
Canal Street
Song of the Thin Man, is a 1947 comedy-crime film, directed by Edward Buzzell, which American stage, film and television actress, as well as an author and lecturer, are featured in this story set, in the world of nightclub musicians?
Jayne Meadows
Which documentary was filmed first, 'Frida, en trotjänarinna' or 'Casino Jack and the United States of Money'?
Frida, en trotjänarinna
Sari-Sari Channel a 24-hour general entertainment channel joint-ventured by TV5 Network, through Cignal Digital TV and Viva Entertainment, named after which Philippine neighborhood variety store, is a convenience store found in the Philippines?
Sari-sari store
When is the American televangelist which  Tammy Faye Messner is married to born 
January 2, 1940
What British period drama did the actor who played Nathan Green in "Pride and Joy", act in?
Mr Selfridge
Michael France wrote the screenlay for what 1993 American action adventure film that was directed by Renny Harlin and starred Sylvester Stallone?
Cliffhanger
Which composer was born first, Antonín Dvořák or Giuseppe Verdi?
Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi
Are Bertrand Blier and Tony Kaye of the same nationality?
no
What DC Comics comic book created by Paul Norris and Mort Weisinger had runs from PAD?
Aquaman
What was the official title of the wife of the leader who was born in 1863 and died in 1914?
Duchess of Hohenberg
What position did Sergio Perez Leyva, a Spanish player, play that is the world's most popular sport played by 250 million players in over 200 countries?
goalkeeper
Lewis Teague (born March 8, 1938) is an American film director, whose work includes, which 1985 American anthology horror film directed by Lewis Teague and written by Stephen King?
Cat's Eye
Who sang background on the song En karusell when they were just 27 years old?
Anni-Frid Lyngstad
What is the population of the town that Manfred Linzmaier was born in?
18,400
The narrator of "The Legend of Marilyn Monroe" was born in what year?
1906
This ancient city of Cappadocia was named for a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty wo was the son of who?
Drusus and Antonia Minor
Which cricket event is scheduled to be hosted by England and Wales, is the 12th competition in the series, and for which a possible pathway to qualification included the World Cricket League Division Two tournament?
2019 Cricket World Cup
Which magazine, Reunions magazine or Sentimentalist Magazine, is an American magazine of indie rock music and culture, published quarterly?
Sentimentalist Magazine
What character in Good Luck!! is played by a Japanese actor who is also a singer and a radio personality?
Hajime Shinkai
What was the population, within the town limits, in the  2010 census, of the town where Chesapeake Tide were based ?
631
What language family does Red Horn and Ho-Chunk have in common?
Siouan
What did Brandywine Productions produce that depicted Warrant Officer Ellen Ripley?
Alien
What was the expatriate Australian who spoke at he Brisbane Institute known for?
depictions of urban landscapes
Which band is English folk, Sunday Driver or Autolux?
Sunday Driver
Which actress played the role of Evelyn Thompson in the film 2000 film directed by Brett Ratner?
Lisa Thornhill
If These Walls Could Talk third segment was directed by what american singer and actress for in 1946
Cher
Buddy Stephens is an American football coach who is currently the head coach at East Mississippi Community College, where he coached players such as which American football quarterback for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL), and played college football at Clemson and Ole Miss?
Chad Kelly
What was the professional name of the recorder of Live at the Carousel Ballroom?
Bear
Menno-Jan Kraak a Dutch cartographer and professor at a public research university located where?
Enschede, Netherlands
Geoff Blum played for what American professional baseball franchise, who play their home games at Chase Field?
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diakhandara Glacier is located in the mountain range that is on which continent?
Central Asia
Afire Love appears on an Ed Sheeran album released on what date in Australia?
20 June 2014
Ryu Seung-ryong, is a South Korean actor, in 2013, he headlined in which South Korean film starring Ryu Seung-ryong, Kal So-won and Park Shin-hye?
Miracle in Cell No. 7
Who owns The mall that is a 5 minute drive from Tukwila station?
Westfield Group
Which retired American professional basketball player led   2013–14 Utah Utes men's basketball team 
Larry Krystkowiak
Most Valuable Player for the 2007 Anaheim Classic was dismissed from the NBA for violating the league's what?
anti-drug program
Movement 98 was a Paul Oakenfold project on Circa Records, built around the vocals of a singer born in what year?
1960
Where is Finavon Castle located?
on the River South Esk
Are Bae Woo-hee and Gary Louris both singers ?
yes
Where is the English rock band who sang  "Rain" formed 
London
"Colin the Caterpillar" is a chocolate of which type of sponge cake roll filled with whipped cream, jam, or icing, sold by British store Marks & Spencer?
Swiss roll
Which magazine, Linux Magazine or Revolver, features cover stories, album reviews, instrument reviews, bulletins, and a celebrity advice column featuring letters to Vinnie Paul, former drummer for Pantera and Damageplan?
Revolver
What year did Michelle Phillips, co-founder of the Mama's and the Papa's, release a song which became #89 in "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time?
1965
China Blue and Burden of Dreams are both what types of films which focus on the chaotic life of a Chinese factory worker, and the chaotic production of the film Fitzcarraldo?
documentary film
Which future Final Four MVP played with a team that only made it to the second round of the NCAA men's basketball tournament in 2008?
Kyle Singler
The Abraham Lincoln Statue is located in what Kentucky county?
LaRue County
Who lived Longer, Cid Corman or Katherine Mansfield?
Cid (Sidney) Corman
Are the Polish Hound and the Borzoi both domestic dogs?
yes
Who is also an actor, Luis Llosa or Ron Howard?
Ronald William Howard
Do both Königskinder and The Knot Garden exist in multiple versions?
no
What United States Navy SEAL wrote a 2007 biographical war thriller book
Marcus Luttrell
In the 1974 Fifa World Cup Final, The netherlands opened scoring through a penalty by what former midfielder who, in 2004, was named one of the 125 Greatest Living Footballers at a FIFA awards ceremony?
Johannes Jacobus "Johan" Neeskens
"The Class of '62" is an episode of the BBC television sitcom, "Only Fools and Horses", created and written by who?
John Sullivan
Hiroshi Inagaki and Jorge Fons, have which occupation?
film director
What is the name of the hurricane that made landfall on Belize on August 4, 2016 and ultimately left 81 fatalities in Mexico?
Hurricane Earl
The Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport Trams and the airport also known as World Chamberlain Field were both constructed by whom?
Poma-Otis Transit Company
 Dan Balan, along with O-Zone, produced a hit single that was sung in what language?
Romanian
What Indian amusement park did Jagdish Narain Sapru serve as the chairman of?
Nicco Park
What Soviet political leader held high regard for the author of Mozg Armii, a 3 volume military theory book?
Joseph Stalin
What do the collection of andesite stones found in Ica Province, Peru offer proof of?
humans and dinosaurs coexisted
A county in the East of England has one of the largest self-suffcient communities which posses 1500 acres of local land. What is this called?
The Abbey
What type of drug is Oxandrolone that was found in the system of  Cinthya Domínguez in 2015?
steroid
This South-African born actress played a real-life person who was executed in 2002 for crimes committed in what movie?
Monster
Are Buckinghamia and Stipa plants?
yes
Which Canadian singer sang " something stronger" in the musical applause?
Len Cariou
What turbojet engine produced by Teledyne CAE is also known as The Turbomeca Marbore?
Teledyne CAE J69
When did the ninth season of Will & Grace premiere?
September 28, 2017, on NBC
What was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on March 11, 1994, was the first bout an American mixed martial arts referee officiated who also officiated bouts in Bellator, and is a qualified boxing referee?
Ultimate Fighting Championship Part II
What is the code name for a German assault during WWII that was the invasion of Denmark and Norway in April 1940?
Weserübung
What show did the Russian professional latin and ballroom dancer born on January 19, 1980 appear on?
Strictly Come Dancing
Which member of a collegiate athletic conference comprising sports teams from eight private institutions of higher education in the Northeastern United States played their home games at Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium?
The 2011 Columbia Lions
In what year did this pilot episode air of this American animated television series, whose title character held the same name as the show and also included the character Mrs. Puff?
May 1, 1999
What is the active ingredient in the product Freederm that treats acne?
Nicotinamide
What Australian sportsman died in a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Burnside and the City of Campbelltown?
Ernest Jones
What Big 12 Conference basketball team did Myles Turner play for?
Texas Longhorns men's basketball
Which  districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana is Jachie-Pramso  a village in
The Bosomtwe District
What nationality are the artists Axl Rose and Lux Interior?
American
Which song on Eminem's album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" was featured in the New Zealand top 50 singles of 2013?
The Monster
Are Dimorphotheca and Rhipsalis both genii of plants?
Rhipsalis is a genus
In which county did the family of the first man who drove cattle from Texas into Montana build a tribute to a fallen family member of the 163rd Infantry Regiment?
Gallatin County
Partners starred the actor who was of what nationality alongside Ryan O'Neal?
English
Which actress was named the seventh-greatest female screen legend by the American Film Institute and said "art lives on forever" at an AIDS benefit?
Elizabeth Taylor
Which genus has more species, Datura or Castanopsis?
Castanopsis
Who has released more albums, Seven Mary Three or Madina Lake?
Seven Mary Three
The seven dwarfs appear in what fairy tale that was published in 1812 by The Brothers Grimm?
Snow White
The lad of Union Station in New Jersey remains the property of a Class I railroad that operates how many route miles?
36,200
Which English footballer playing for Stoke City has also played for a Swedish Division 2 team?
Peter Crouch
What pop duo are founding members of the rock band Good Charlotte, The Madden Brothers or Superheaven?
Madden Brothers
Waiting for Guffman included the actress and comedian of what dual nationality?
Canadian-American
The Trackless Woods is an album by a singer born in which year ?
1961
What actor starred in both "Judgement at Nuremberg" and "The Defector?"
Montgomery Clift
What character did actor Paul L. Smith play opposite Robin Williams in the 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Robert Altman?
Bluto
America's Music: The Roots of Country is a film that touches on which bar-style music, common in the South US?
honky-tonk
Of the two possible places where Abdemon, king of Cyprus, was born, which one was also known as Sour?
Tyre
What is the age of these mountains that start in the northeast corner of Georgia and had the Georgia Gold Rush spread throughout it in 1829?
over 1 billion years
What is the place where NSMRL is located on known as?
"Home of the Submarine Force"
Wing warping, a system for lateral aircraft control, was pioneered by the Wright brothers during their first controlled, sustained flight near which now-famous location?
Kitty Hawk, North Carolina
Anthony Joseph Daniher and Neale Francis Daniher both played for which Australian Football League?
Essendon Football Clubs
Golden Circle is a subsidiary of a company that had how many brand in 2015?
13
What 1993 comedy film stars  an American actor, stand-up comedian, and voice actor who appeared on May 28, 1959, episode of the TV quiz program "You Bet Your Life"?
Dorf Goes Fishing
What is the birthdate of this prominent sufferer of severe combined immunodeficiency, referred to as the bubble boy, famous for living in a sterile environment?
September 21, 1971
What work by Chinua Achebe did Benedicto Wokomaatani Malunga translate, is the most widely read book in modern African literature? 
Things Fall Apart
What company has a brewing company is Nova Scotia and is the result of merger between Interbrew and AmBev?
InBev
This pale is 4.7% ABV and brewed by Desnoes & Geddes in Jamaica
Red Stripe
What other attorney was along with  the attorney who specializes in constitutional law litigation and was Senior Trial Counsel at the Ann Arbor-based Christian, conservative, nonprofit, public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan?
David Yerushalmi
How old was the man for whom Āryabhaṭa numeration is named when he wrote Āryabhaṭīya?
23
He was born into an ecclesiastical family on 28 April 1912, educated at Shrewsbury and Christ Church, Oxford and ordained in 1937, he was a curate at which Church of England parish church of the city of Lancaster, Lancashire, England, formally the Priory Church of St Mary?
Lancaster Priory
Is the North East railway line between the two largest cities in Australia?
The Sydney–Melbourne rail corridor is an approximately 960 km standard gauge railway corridor that runs between Melbourne and Sydney, the two largest cities in Australia.
The 2017–18 Pittsburgh Penguins season will be the 51st season for the National Hockey League ice hockey team that was established on June 5, 1967, the first season since the team will play without goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, who was drafted to the Vegas Golden Knights in the expansion draft, what's the title of the expansion draft, conducted by the National Hockey League, on June 18–20, 2017 to fill the roster of the league's expansion team for the 2017–18 season, the Vegas Golden Knights?
2017 NHL Expansion Draft
Which outdoor shopping, dining, and entertainment complex is Disney's Port Orleans Resort located 
Disney Springs
What village lies on the Grantham to Lincoln Line, north of Lincolnshire, and is situated 4 miles south of Lincoln?
Waddington
The 2010 film Poetry was written and directed by Lee Chang-dong who served in what role in South Korea from 2003-2004?
Minister of Culture and Tourism
Which band was formed first Godsmack or Paramore ?
Godsmack
Who founded the School of Communications that Ron Assouline lectures at?
Uriel Reichman
The Congress of Afrikan people which later became the Revolutionary Communist League was lead by an African-American writer who recieved the PAN Open Book Award in 2008 for what?
Tales of the Out and the Gone
What is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family, Ardisia and Rothmannia ?
Rothmannia
12 Golden Country Greats is Ween's fifth album, and third on Elektra Records, Ween is an American alternative rock band formed in New Hope, Pennsylvania, in what year?
1984
Do Garbiñe Muguruza and Kim Warwick have the same nationality ?
no
How much additional funding will Los Angles receive to host the Olympic Games in 2028?
$1.8 billion
Which of the American Opera Projects' directors was born in 1948?
Grethe Barrett Holby
Which 1959 Drama film did Sacha Vierny do the cinematography for ?
Hiroshima mon amour
How many people, as of the 2015 census, comprise the ethnic group in which Mira Nair is part of?
4 million
What song was sung by Arijit Singh in the 2016 Indian romantic drama film written and directed by Karan Johar?
Channa Mereya
In what year was the railway, in which the FM H-12-44TS was manufactured specifically, chartered?
1859
At which University did the player who was the Indianapolis Colts first ever draft selection play his college football ?
University of Oklahoma
What is the name of the water park, in the amusement park, where the roller coaster Lightning Run is located ?
Hurricane Bay.
Which player produced from the GNK Dinamo Zagreb Academy now plays for Real Madrid ?
Luka Modrić
Who else besides Adele wrote the song for which Tristan Wilds was in the music video?
Greg Kurstin
Xokonoschtleti Gomora has pushed for over thirty years for the return of Montezuma's headdress which is made of swen-on gold detailing and what?
quetzal and other feathers
What film directed by Brian Patrick Butler was inspired by a film directed by F.W. Murnau?
The Phantom Hour
The Miami Marlins and the organization's right-handed pitcher Kenny Koplove play in which home field park?
Marlins Park
What rock music fusion genre does the EP containing the bonus track "Fly On" fall into?
Stoner rock
 Bruce Lester himself for a time appearing alongside stars such as an American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and what?
stage showgirl
What is the name of the half-elven character that Hugo Weaving played?
Elrond
Which district, Echeng District or Taonan, is one of three administrative districts of the prefecture-level city of Ezhou?
Echeng District
Take a Little Trip was recorded by a band formed in which city ?
Fort Payne, Alabama
Super High Me and Superjews, share which genre?
documentary
What Latvian deity ranks just below the solar goddess of Latvian mythology in popularity?
Auseklis
What type of media does Die Another Day and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer have in common?
film
Pleasant Valley State Prison has housed convicted murderers, including what man who foundd Namesys in 2004?
Hans Thomas Reiser
Sports in Charlotte, North Carolina have a long and varied history, The city is home to teams at nearly every level of American sports including which American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina?
Charlotte Hornets
What 2017 movie did Darren Aronofsky and Matthew Libatique work together to film?
Mother!
Sir Andrew Dudley commanded the English garrison of castle on the banks of what river?
the river Tay
who was born first, Marc Almond or Ray Davies?
"Ray" Davies
Charles McHugh served on the town council of which Adelaide, South Austrialia suburb?
Thebarton
Which Pizza place, Pizzeria Venti or Mountain Mike's Pizza, has locations in more US states ?
Pizzeria Venti
How long is the loop for the 2016 installment of the rally which owes its origin to Ed Pearlman?
800-mile
Were Donald Sawyer and Ken Annakin both film directors?
yes
What position did Cristian Dario Alvarez play for the Spanish football team based in Zaragoza?
as a goalkeeper.
Where is the headquarters of the conglomerate managed by Essence Global known as NBCUni?
Midtown Manhattan, New York City
who wrote the time traveler's wife published by macadam/cage
Audrey Niffenegger
The Violin Sonata in A major was the only alternative version of which composer born on December 10, 1822?
César Franck
What Swiss lawyer announced the new Mobility Pricing system?
Doris Leuthard
Piero Mingoia played as midfielder for the ffootball club, established in 1948, that has a local rivalry with what other team?
St Albans City
Which Missouri city made the Money magazine list of best cities to live in the U.S. and has an office of a natural gas company that serves 155 Missouri communities?
Lee's Summit
Are Rosa von Praunheim and Robert Butler both German?
no
Which Bengali film stars Koyel Mullick and a former Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament?
Minister Fatakeshto
The author of "-And He Built a Crooker House-" is known by what nickname?
dean of science fiction writers
Who illustrated the novel in which the fictional location "The Underland" mainly appears?
Pauline Baynes
Cestrum and Ericaceae, are types of what?
flowering plants
When was this British Indian novelist and essayist born, who wrote a novel in 2010 that was published by Jonathan Cape, Random House?
19 June 1947
Miss Ripley, is a 2011 South Korean television drama series, starring which South Korean actress, and first achieved recognition for her role in the arthouse film "Nabi" (2001)?
Kang Hye-jung
What black comedy crime film was awarded the Palme d'Or at the 47th Cannes Film Festival in 1994?
Pulp Fiction
What is the birthdate of the author of The Vampire Huntress Legend Series?
December 11, 1959
Which senior pastor, working at many churches, works with lead pastor Adam Johnson?
Andy Stanley
Leanne Caret is an American businesswoman serving as Executive Vice President of Boeing and President and CEO of a company formerly known as what ?
Boeing Integrated Defense Systems (IDS)
Le comte Ory and The Magic Flute, are which type of theatre?
opera
Jaana (Kannada: ಜಾಣ ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film, written and directed by Shivamani, the film was a musical blockbuster hit upon release with the songs composed and written by which Indian film composer and a songwriter who works in South Indian cinema, predominantly in the Kannada film industry, was received well?
Hamsalekha
What record company released the song "Digital Bath" by the alternative metal band, Deftones? 
Maverick Records
The 2010 ANZAC test coincided with the official opening of AAMI Park in Melbourne, what is the formal name of AAMI Park?
Melbourne Rectangular Stadium
Valentina is made with chilies that are similar to which variety that is part of the species Capsicum annuum?
guajillo chili
This rapper also known under his disc jockey name, mcDJ, featured the song Kari Faux "No Small Talk" on what mixtape?
STN MTN
The Carson River is named for a U.S. what?
Army officer
Michael Faraday was an early 19th-century British scientist, he contributed to the study of electromagnetism and electrochemistry, and died on which date?
25 August 1867
Who started the band that began at an earlier date between Being No One, Going Nowhere and STRFKR?
Joshua Hodges
What label produced the early 1990s music of the artist who was featured as a guest performer along with Spice 1 on the album We Come Strapped?
Def Jam
Which university was founded first Swarthmore College or George Washington University ?
George Washington University
 ESPN College Football Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN preceded by a 30-minute segment with Adnan Virk, Joey Galloway and Jesse Palmer, a Canadian sports commentator and former college and professional football player who was a quarterback in what league?
National Football League
Which opera has more acts, Iolanta or The Midsummer Marriage?
The Midsummer Marriage
Which company headquartered North of Bloomington is headquartered in the same county named after Father Louis Hennepin? 
Best Buy
Who was Baker Mayfield's football coach in 2015?
Bob Stoops
How many Canadians lost their lives in the deadliest conflict in history in absolute terms of total casualties?
More than 44,000 lost their lives
Who created a martial art style that has its oldest origins in shamanism?
Myung Jae-nam
What history based comedy series stars the creator of the show Community?
Great Minds with Dan Harmon
Which song, a collaboration with the band Alabama, was the third single off NSYNC's U.S. debut album?
(God Must Have Spent) A Little More Time on You
What kind of psychologists study houses with the same defining quality as the psychiatric hospital in the film Grave Encounters?
Parapsychologists
Which film director has also worked as an actor, Percy Adlon or Duccio Tessari?
Duccio Tessari
In what city did Frank Fertitta III found his current company?
Las Vegas
The Tomb of Sheikh Salim Chishti is famed as one of the finest examples of Mughal architecture in India, built during the years 1580 and 1581, along with the imperial complex at which town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh, India?
Fatehpur Sikri
Which is taller, the design for building planned for 80 South Street or Central Park Place?
80 South Street
2004–05 Indiana Pacers season was the final season for an All-Star that earned what nickname while playing against the New York Knicks?
Knick Killer
Katharine "Kate" Thatcher Clugston, was a playwright, poet, and English teacher, and passed away on Chebeague Island, an island town in Cumberland County, Maine, in which country?
United States
What was the inaugural season of the honorary team to which Chris Paul has been selected eight times?
1946
Who directed the 2008 Marvel film featuring actor James Bethea?
Jon Favreau
What civilization's writing system did Ernst Wilhelm Förstemann contribute to the decipherment and understanding?
Maya civilization
Georgia Institute of Technology and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, are research universities in which country?
United States
Which of the actors starred in Curly Sue is an American comic actor, voice actor, comedian, singer and musician?
Jim Belushi
Gussie Busch, owner of Anheuser-Busch brewing company based in St Louis also owns which professional baseball franchise?
The St. Louis Cardinals
What was the release date of the vinyl format of the album "Forty Six & 2" was on?
September 17, 1996
How many people did the terrorist, who was convicted by the Norwegian jurist, kill in his 2011 attacks?
eight
The director Armando Iannucci has an OBE. Does the director Puneet Sira also have one?
no
The "Fifth Beatle" recorded an album in 1964 with his what?
Orchestra
Which film was Seth Adkins in that was a remake of a 2008 Swedish film?
Let Me In
Who produced crayon along with Kwon Ji-yong?
Teddy Park
The prison where Raymond McCreesh held a hunger strike was operating between what years?
mid-1971 to mid-2000
Who wrote the 2015 American comedy film directed by Jason Moore in which Tina Fey made a notable appearance?
Paula Pell
What are the fans of the singer of "He Went to Paris" known as?
Parrotheads
Square One Shopping Centre's size allows it to cater to discount retailers such as an American fast fashion retailer with more than 60% of its apperal made where?
China
The current assistant manager of Leicester City used to coach which team in the 2014-15 Season ?
Oxford United
Who did Ron Richardson play in a musical with a book by William Hauptman and lyrics by Roger Miller?
Jim
Just a Gigolo, is a West German 1978 film directed by David Hemmings and starring David Bowie, set in post-World War I Berlin, it also featured which retired American film and television actress, currently engaged as a visual artist?
Kim Novak
Joe Carbone was the Personal Strength Coach and trainer of a retired basketball player who was born on what year ?
1978
Bishop of the Isles traces its origins to the bishop who became an adventurer after which year?
1147
Where was the mother of the Adolf Hitler relative who served in the United States Navy born?
Dublin, Ireland
What autonomous country owns the uninhabited island Edward Island?
Greenland
Which branch is the professional or special interest group involved in the electoral process that makes part of a framework of political system, dominated by the People's Republic of China?
legislative
What Indian state capital is home to famous Fiction writers?
Kolkata, West Bengal
Are Jason Wade and Jimi Jamison both involved with music?
yes
Which two racers brought increased media attention to the 2001 24 Hours of Daytona at the Daytona International Speedway?
Dale Earnhardt and Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Who was born earlier Gustave Lussi or Dorothy Hamill?
Gustave François Lussi
What is the name of the home stadium of this American professional baseball team based in Wisconsin that Turner Ward played on?
Miller Park
Are WZRD and The Housemartins both Alternative bands?
yes
What is the name of the village and civil parish that is north Sandridge and north of St. Albans?
Wheathampstead
The director of the film Dau is the son of what top Russian animation director?
Andrei Khrzhanovsky
What major political events happened the same year that an English humanitarian and author was kidnapped and held hostage for four years?
the re-election of Margaret Thatcher
Lu Jie, a model who started her career as a commercial model in 1998 speaks which variety of the Chinese language spoken in southeastern China?
Cantonese
Himalayan cat is a breed or sub-breed of an identical type cat that was first brought to Italy around which year ?
1620
Thayne Forbes presided over the trial of which British general practitioner?
Harold Frederick Shipman
What film was the martial artist who stared in "The Prophecy Forsaken" most known for besides his martial arts roles?
Mowgli
What month of the year did the symbolic monarchy of the Tulip Festival takes place? 
May
John Christopher Schulte, born 1959, is an American writer, director, and producer of animation, toys and entertainment properties, he has enjoyed several resurgences since its original inception for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, by the comic book duo, Kevin Eastman and which American comic book writer and artist?
Peter Alan Laird
Who does the 2005 Oregon Ducks football team quarterback currently play for?
Los Angeles Chargers
Which ruined castle, located in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, is located nearby Old Slains Castle?
New Slains Castle
From which city in Norway hails the black metal band which played at the Bloodstock Open Air heavy metal festival in Walton-on-Trent?
Bergen
Which star of the 1930 film "Romance" died on his birthday?
Gavin Gordon
 Beyond Glory is a 1948 American drama film directed by John Farrow, the film is about a former soldier, after visiting the officer's widow, they fall in love, and she encourages him to attend the United States Military Academy (USMA), also known as West Point, a four-year coeducational federal service academy located in West Point, in which state, in Orange County?
New York
Are Suzanne Vega and Glasvegas both part of the music industry?
yes
Lucky Star is a 1929 American romantic drama silent film starring which now passed, American film, stage and television actress and painter?
Janet Gaynor
In which year was this American country music singer, author, actress, and chef who recorded many songs by Dean Miller inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame?
2000
Live, is a song and music video composed by Igor Matvienko, how many artists participated in the music video, among them Grigory Leps, a Russian singer-songwriter of Georgian origin?
28
What is the name of Alexander "Alex" Russell character in the movie Chronicle?
Matt
Who was born in 1936 and committed the Massacre of Braybrook Street?
Harry Roberts
What member of the band Pendulum also co-wrote a Rihanna song?
Gareth McGrillen
The Diamond Jubilee World is the concert tour by American recording artist, Frank Sinatra, with Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé, Gormé was an American singer who performed solo as well as with her husband, who , in popular ballads and swing?
Steve Lawrence
Into how many categories do scholars group the early works of the author of the play A Midsummer Night's Dream?
three
Which studio produced the movie which had a 21-minute Halloween television special based on it that premiered on Wednesday, October 16, 2013?
Pixar Animation Studios
Paul Greengrass was nominated for an Academy Award for the 2010 movie made from a screenplay written by whom?
Brian Helgeland
What mechanical engineering principles does Lennox International use in its HVAC products?
thermodynamics, fluid mechanics, and heat transfer.
South Improvement Company was one part of which oil magnate's attempts to control this industry?
John Davison Rockefeller Sr.
In which town in Portugal was the 1985 World's Strongest Man held in?
Cascais
Coober Pedy Airport was used in a game that features cross-platform play and was released on September 23rd, 2016 for who?
Ultimate Edition players
The Chicago Star was a weekly publication, founded in 1946 and financed by Trade unions, the board of directors were which American journalist, poet, political and labor movement activist, and businessman?
Frank Marshall Davis
Which documentary was released first, Walking with Cavemen or Life in the Freezer?
Life in the Freezer
What industry that comprises the technological and commercial institutions does Kimberly Brooks work in?
film industry
The actor who won two consecutive MTV movie awards for Best Villain in 2010 and 2011 also appeared in a 2010 horror film starring which actress?
Isabella Calthorpe
Were Josef von Sternberg and Fred C. Newmeyer involved in film making?
yes
Herman "Hy" Hollinger (September 3, 1918 – October 7, 2015) was an American trade journalist and studio publicist, he covered the entertainment industry for which multi-platform American digital and print magazine, from 1992-2008, founded in 1930 and focusing on the Hollywood film industry, television, and entertainment industries, as well as Hollywood's intersection with fashion, finance, law, technology, lifestyle, and politics?
The Hollywood Reporter
in which movie does the lead singer of the band eighth wonder star?
Twenty-One
What is the name of this pornographic production company based in Montreal, Canada, and for whom Ramon Nomar worked?
Brazzers
Charlie Brown's All Stars!, is the second prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip "Peanuts, it was the second such TV special, following A Charlie Brown Christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on the comic strip "Peanuts", by who?
Charles M. Schulz
Ree Drummond lives on a ranch in what county seat of Osage County, Oklahoma?
Pawhuska
Are Justin David Swibel and Robert Lepage both directors?
yes
Which National Basketball League team in Indiana did Ife Holmes play on from 1929 to 1938?
The Fort Wayne General Electrics
What naval officer took part in the battle, on what is now the grounds of the Blue Grass Army Depot?
William "Bull" Nelson
Are Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo both tennis players?
yes
"The story of us" is a song from the album "Speak Now" produced and sung by?
Taylor Swift
Where was the mythical world creator of the game RuneQuest born?
Connecticut
Which South Indian poet and composer has a school of music where Sooryakantam  is called Chāyāvati ?
Muthuswami Dikshitar
What was the style of art that was seen in the paragraphs above?
music
Where is the fourth oldest college of the University of Oxford, where Kenneth Carey received his third class honours Bachelor of Arts degree from, located?
England
Christopher Humbert was born in a city in which county ?
Stanislaus County
The song Doin' What I Gotta Do sampled which song by an artist borth with the name of James Ambrose Johnson Jr.?
"Bustin’ Out."
 The Decagon House Murders borrows its basic plot structure from an Agatha Christie novel first published in which year ?
1939
My Boys is a television show on the station owned by which division of Time Warner?
Turner Broadcasting System
The 1985 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at an Arena that has how many indoor seats ?
19,500-seat
 Mercy Malick is best known for Mission Control, Major Crimes, Circle, and iZombie, an American television series developed by Rob Thomas and Diane Ruggiero-Wright for what television network?
The CW
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns is a fairytale written by a lady born in what month?
September
Who passed away first Robert Poley or Christopher Marlowe ?
Christopher Marlowe
Effiduase is the capital of Sekyere East District located in what region?
the Ashanti Region of Ghana
How many countries is the German automotive Smart Fortwo marketed in?
46 countries
Which 1999 Animated Feature Film winner at the 5th Kecskemet Animation Film Festival featured the voice of American voice actress Diane Michelle?
Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas
Are the Hobbit and FM-7 both home computers?
yes
What is the capital of the district of which Kulmanga is a part?
Sagnarigu
Was Cage9 or Silverchair formed first?
Silverchair
Who defended the great grandniece of Kamehameha I's claims to the Hawaiian crown lands?
Franklin Seaver Pratt
Warrendale and The Memory of Justice, are which type of films?
documentary
Which is a punk rock musician, John Mayer or Ben Weasel?
Ben Weasel
Which is a Spanish national park noted for its bird-life, Cabañeros National Park or Monfragüe?
Monfragüe
What sport does A. J. Holloway and Cotton Bowl Classic have in common?
football
What are sightings of the Galloway Puma, a  supposedly real British big cat, often reported as?
"panthers", "pumas", or "black cats"
Talulah Riley appeared in a 2005 British-American romantic drama based on a novel by what author?
Jane Austen
Myosotidium and Corydalis, are a genus of what?
plants
Which film director had Egyptian heritage, Jehane Noujaim or Frank Henenlotter?
Jehane Noujaim
Which Iowa State University wrestling coach beat Elmadi Zhabrailov at the Olympics?
Kevin Jackson
Have Anne Sexton and Derek Walcott both received awards for their writing?
yes
Randall Delgado was a pitcher at Turner Field for the Atlanta Braves, before joining which other MLB team
Arizona Diamondbacks
Are Mikael Åkerfeldt and Lee Ranaldo both lead vocalist?
no
Where is the band of Five Spanish Songs is from?
Vancouver, British Columbia
Between Sidalcea and Backhousia, which genus can only be naturally found in Australia?
Backhousia
Big Eyes is a 2014 American biographical film directed by Tim Burton, and starring which Austrian-German actor?
Christoph Waltz
The Cullasaja River is a short river that flows from Lake Sequoyah which is fed by Mirror Lake and other creeks and streams originating on the western side of the demarcation of two watersheds of what?
the Atlantic Ocean
Do They Know It's Christmas? was the biggest selling single in the UK until the singer who worked with which lyricist took over the title in 1997?
Bernie Taupin
In which city was Tullamore Dew Irish whiskey originally produced?
Tullamore, County Offaly, Ireland
Rosario Castellanos and Ivor Gurney, have which mutual occupation?
poet
When was the last living pilot of the X-15 program inducted into the National Aviation Hall of Fame ?
July 21, 2001
 Charles Townshend, 2nd Viscount Townshend was appointed Secretary of State under the reign of a man who died in what year?
1727
Which former sultan of Bengal married the former sultan of Delhi's daughter in the early 1500s?
Nasiruddin Nasrat Shah
Between David Draiman and Dubstar who is known for their distorted voice and percussive singing style?
David Michael Draiman
From which city did the Cabaret Cartoon artist get his Mancunian accent from?
Manchester, in North West England
What nationality was the composer of the song cycle Die schöne Müllerin ?
Austrian
The company led by John Coates is based out of what country?
United Kingdom
The Last Rites of Ransom Pride is a 2010 American action-western film starring Lizzy Caplan and Scott Speedman, a British-Canadian film and television actor known for playing what character in the coming-of-age drama television series "Felicity"?
Ben Covington
Where is the person that stars in Gopura Deepum with Ramarajan, R. Sundarrajan, and Senthil from?
South Indian
In what year was the singer who popularized "Say Something Sweet" with Vic Damone born?
1927
What airline did one of the "Big Four" domestic airlines in the United States collide with over Carmel, New York?
Eastern Air Lines
George Wallace was appointed to the cabinet of which current President of Liberia?
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf
Whom between  Natasha Zvereva and Raúl Ramírez did Gigi Fernández win the most Grand Slam double's championships with?
Zvereva and Gigi Fernández won more women's doubles titles and Grand Slam women's doubles
Brachypodium and Anaphalis, are types of what?
plants
George Adomian and Hovsep Pushman, have which shared descent?
Armenian
What movie was directed by Song Hae-sung and stars an actor who appeared in the television drama "April Kiss"?
A Better Tomorrow
Does Williams College or the University of Delaware have more campuses?
University of Delaware
What film of the creator of "Busters verden" won an Academy Award?
Pelle the Conqueror
When was the British Labour Party politician born who was appointed Shadow Home Secretary and was related to Stoke Newington constituency?
27 September 1953
Which 2007 action comedy film was Edgar Howard Wright  best known for 
Hot Fuzz
At the base of the foothills of which mountain chain exists an astrophysics campus where The Summer Science Program takes place?
Rocky Mountains
Where is the headquarters for the company for which Gary Kovacs served as CEO?
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Are both Zhuanghe and Chencun, Guangdong under the administration of Dalian? 
no
What are the middle names of the owner of the label which released the album Hotel Valentine ? 
Taro Ono
Antony Genn and Jung Eun-ji, are they in the industry of music?
yes
Which theme park has Stitch’s Great Escape which replaced the attraction ExtraTERRORestial Alien Encounter?
Magic Kingdom
What movie did a Battleship actor starred in with Robert De Niro?
The Mission
Are both Nelson Pereira dos Santos and Bruce Robinson film directors?
yes
Reebok is the official footwear and apparel sponsor for a series of obstacle races of varying distance and difficulty ranging from 3 miles to marathon distances, and are held in the US and franchised in how many countries?
14
Buffalo Billion is a New York state government project led by Governor Andrew Cuomo, that features a project in the program, a $750 million solar panel factory, headquartered where?
San Mateo, California
Who owns and operates the hotel and casino where The Roller Coaster is located?
MGM Resorts International
The second wife of Johnny Cash was part of a folk music group that recorded between what years?
1927 and 1956
Are both Kent and Ugly Casanova based in the same country?
no
What state has a retail and office space named for the last Cabinet-level United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense?
New Jersey
Who was the King of England from 23 April to 30 November 1016 that also led the English army in the Battle of Assandun?
Edmund Ironside
Which artist is one half the hip hop group Atmosphere and made a guest appearance on The Emperor & the Assassin?
Slug
William John Macquorn Rankine, was a Scottish mechanical engineer who also contributed to civil engineering, physics and mathematics, who was a founding contributor to the science of thermodynamics, which German physicist and mathematician is this?
Rudolf Julius Emanuel Clausius
Bigsby & Kruthers was a high profile men's clothier in Chicago for 30 years from 1970 to 2000, another location had opened and closed (or moved), include an outlet store in Gurnee Mills, a Dallas, Texas store that opened in which year?
1986
What human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city is located in Faizabad city?
Rani Bazaris
Ardleigh Reservoir supplies water to what company that is regulated under the United Kingdom Water Industry Act 1991?
Anglian Water
What origin do Parcheesi and Sittuyin share?
Indian
 Yuji Nomi is a Japanese composer work includes the Studio Ghibli films "Whisper of the Heart" and?
The Cat Returns
Thevetia and Nomocharis, have which mutual detail characteristic?
flowers
The Shenandoah Valley Railroad had considerably backing from another railroad with what nickname?
"Pennsy"
Siyi Yue has a representative dialect that is related to what larger language?
Cantonese
Central Newspapers, Inc. is headquarted in a city which borders what lake?
Lake Michigan
Alex Roy used the same entrance music as another wrestler who was with what organization?
WWE
Who was born first Richard Whorf or Anand Patwardhan?
Richard Whorf
In which league did this professional minor league ice hockey team, which Knoxville Ice Bears played against at the final, play in 2010?
Central Hockey League
JumpStation, a search engine launched in 1993, was first announced on the "What's New" webpage of which discontinued web browser?
Mosaic
Cold and Licence to Kill were both the sixteenth novel and spy film about what character?
James Bond
Which drink was launched first, Monster Energy or Virgin Cola?
Virgin Cola
Who sponsors the league in which Roberto Orlando Affonso Júnior plays ?
BOC Life
Which former Roseanne star more recently appeared in Patriots Day alongside Mark Wahlberg?
John Goodman
Which English poet wrote travel 
Rupert Chawner Brooke
Are both Pylon and Babes in Toyland from Georgia?
no
What country does 2014 Winter Olympics closing ceremony and Fisht Olympic Stadium have in common?
Russia
Which members of The Clinch Mountain Boys released a recording of "Molly and Tenbrooks" in 1948?
The Stanley Brothers
What religion is practiced in an institution found east of Unanderra, New South Wales?
Buddhist
Name the valley where Miralago is a part of it and Bernina Express line cross it
the Poschiavo valley
Is the Citigroup Center office tower in New York City taller than the planned height of the yet-to-be-completed One Manhattan Square residential skyscraper project?
yes
Are both Motion City Soundtrack and Kid Cudi musicians?
yes
Which music group, No Doubt or Beastie Boys, was formed first?
Beastie Boys
Which smallest Oldsmobile product was the base package for the Oldsmobile 442?
Oldsmobile Cutlass
how is Springbokkie and Punch connected?
drink
Melissa Crystal O'Neill starred in what series created by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie?
Dark Matter
who died first Arthur Wahl or Glenn T. Seaborg ?
Glenn Theodore Seaborg
The animated movie "Big Bug Man" starred both the star of "The Mummy trilogy" and who else?
Marlon Brando
Where was the performer of "A Night at Salle Pleyel" born? 
Haugesund
What is the name of the album released in 2005 by the son of country music legend Waylon Jennings?
Put the "O" Back In Country
What type of publication does Star Wars Insider and National Geographic have in common?
Magazine
What pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company was Verne M. Willaman a director for?
Johnson & Johnson
Hypnomys and Dormouse are from what rodent family?
Gliridae
Which South Australia city's suburb's contain both Pennington and the local government area,The City of Charles Sturt?
Adelaide
Who developed the video games UFC 2009 Undisputed and UFC Undisputed 2010?
Yuke's Osaka
Do Anthony Green and Suggs have the same nationality ?
no
The imperative that acts as the opposite of the Hypothetical Imperative may be defined as a way of evaluating what?
motivations for action
In which musical-romantic comedy did Julie Andrews and Mary Tyler Moore co-star?
Thoroughly Modern Millie
What profession do Geoff Murphy and Patrick Tam share? 
director
Who invented the cipher that was breakable with the codebooks Tony Fasson recovered?
Arthur Scherbius
Which didactic philosophical poem about the tenets and philosophy of Epicureanism is the most celebrated find of the Italian scholar Poggio Bracciolini?
De rerum natura
What English singer-songwriter co-hosted the 2015 MMVAs?
Ed Sheeran
The opera Midnight Son  was inspired by the true story of the murder of a woman that died in what year?
2005
Lee Byung-hun worked on the 2005 gangster film written and directed by whom?
Kim Jee-woon
Who has coached more, Patty Fendick or Peter McNamara?
Patty Fendick
Which University is located in Singapore, Nanyang Technological University or American University of Beirut?
Nanyang Technological University
Who was born first, Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov or Grigori Perelman?
Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov
What company released the on demand version of a 2015 horror film starring an American actor born on September 5, 1976?
Scream Factory
Who was the founder of the sports league Mirtha Marrero played in?
Philip K. Wrigley
Besides the current head coach of the New York Knicks, which other Phoenix Suns players were acquired by the Sixers in the 1992-93 offseason?
Andrew Lang and Tim Perry
Ricardo Arona has a notable win over what anarcho-communist known for his radical political views?
Jeff Monson
What kind of music do Silverstein and Toad the Wet Sprocket play?
alternative rock
Who is a journalist, Lara Setrakian or Sue Sarafian Jehl?
Lara Setrakian
A blynx is the hybrid offspring of a bobcat and a mammal that is a member of what cat family?
Felidae
Who received more nominations for the Academy Award Oscar, Stephen Frears or Mario Monicelli?
Mario Monicelli
The actor who played TJ Burke in Aspen Extreme was born in which year ?
1959
Which microcomputer was created first, the Grundy NewBrain or Mark-8?
Mark-8
Are Handan and Wuxi both located in China?
yes
Where was footage from the role playing game convention in the "Fellowship of the Dice" filmed?
Southern California
In what city did the 1983 German Formula Three Championship begin?
Berlin, Germany
What first appeared in Colonel William Light’s designed  layout and development programme for the city of Adelaide, South Australia?
South Australia’s oldest cemetery
Which is closer to Carlsbad, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport and McClellan–Palomar Airport?
McClellan–Palomar Airport
Keith Forsey wrote a song with Billy Idol in mind that was eventually given to which Scottish rock band?
Simple Minds
"I Know Where I'm Going" was recorded by an English contralto singer who was born on what date?
22 April 19128
Carrie-Anne Moss rose to prominence for her role in the sci-fi franchise created by whom?
The Wachowskis
At which school did the Emmy winning American animated television series "Regular Show," which in 2011 began airing annual Halloween specials with the episode "Terror Tales of the Park," first develop in the form of student films?
California Institute of the Arts
What Peninsula where the Play-Offs of the 2018 Unibet Premier League Darts tournament take place on?
Greenwich Peninsula
What Taylor swift tour began on March 13, 2013 in Nebraska? 
The Red Tour
Are Henry Koster and Johnnie To both film directors?
yes
Scott Cooley was best known for his association with a gunman born in what year?
1850
What professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL) selected Denis Carufel in the tenth round (162nd overall) of the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft?
Kansas City Scouts
Who began his comedy career writing for comedian Dana Carvey, then later starred with Carvey in the 2016 movie The Secret Life of Pets?
Louis C.K.
What is the nickname of the Spectrum Stadium located in Orlando, Florida, where the UCF Knights football team plays?
The Bounce House
Death at the Dolphin is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1967, the plot centers on a glove once owned by Hamnet Shakespeare, Hamnet  was the only son of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway, and the fraternal twin of who?
Judith Shakespeare
Who directed the  2006 German-American movie starred an actor who also starred in "Gladiator" and "In America?"
Edward Zwick
Who is younger, Patrick Stump or Jun. K?
Jun. K
What country of origin does Billy L. Sullivan and The Golden Girls have in common?
American
Which Save The Children artist ambassador, who joined in a call to action asking people to participate in World Pneumonia Day, was one half of the Fry and Laurie comedy double act?
Hugh Laurie
Henriëtte Elisabeth de Swart linguist of a Germanic ethnic group native to where?
Netherlands
The 40–40 club includes a Cuban-American player who also competed in which two other sports?
boxing and mixed martial arts
Who was involved with more films, Grover Jones or Norman Tokar?
Grover Jones
Where is the organization located which Stephen M. Schwebel served from 1997-2000? 
The Hague, Netherlands
Which director did the American actor and stuntman best known for playing heavy, menancing characters in films and television assist in creating a western film?
Jack Starrett
The Dolbina exacta is found on this sovereign island nation located in what ocean?
Pacific Ocean
Whose father was an Anglo-Saxon king of Mercia from 852 to 874?
Beorhtweald Ealdorman of Kent
Melvin H. Knisely was an American physiologist who first observed the pathological clumping of red blood cells which are also called what?
erythrocytes
German musicologist Beatrix Borchard spent a great deal of her career focusing on female musicians, including which 19th-century Romantic-era professional pianist?
Clara Schumann
which genus of flowering plants that is endemic to Australia ,Plumeria or Derwentia ?
Derwentia
Are Reunions magazine and Autograph Collector Magazine both US publications ?
yes
Who was the victim of The Heisman curse after being awarded the trophy in 2003?
Jason White
What law enacted in 1976 has the EPA delegated to the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality the authority to administer in within the state of Oregon?
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
Was Salford Quays regenerated before or after the opening of Harbour City tram stop?
following the closure of the dockyards in 1982.
In between The Light in the Forest and The Apple Dumpling Gang which one is a 1975 American comedy-western film?
The Apple Dumpling Gang
"For Free? (Interlude)" is a song from an album released by which record labels ?
Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records
Which Spanish professional basketball player has won two NBA championships and was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks in 2001?
Pau Gasol
What intelligence agency was the subject of the drama film Sarbjit a spy for?
Indian Research and Analysis Wing
Jang Joon-hwan and Sidney Morgan, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Which director created "Happy Days", Garry Marshall or Claude Autant-Lara?
Garry Kent Marshall
Northrop F-5F aggressor squadron is based in an air station that is designated as a superfund site due to what ?
a number of soil and groundwater contaminants, including asbestos
What is the book that the author of Ug is best known for?
The Snowman
WCW Nitro Grill was an American professional wrestling themed steak house that opened in May 1999 at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino, a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, It is owned and operated by which organization?
MGM Resorts International
Helmer Julius Hanssen, was a Norwegian sailor, pilot and polar explorer, he participated in three of the polar expeditions led by Roald Engelbregt Gravning Amundsen, was a Norwegian explorer of polar regions, he was the leader of the Antarctic expedition of 1910–12, which was the first to reach the South Pole, on which date?
14 December 1911
Are both Papa Roach and Portugal. The Man from the same US state ?
no
Which movie starring Lena Maria Jonna Olin is based on an Australian-American horror film?
Queen of the Damned
The Condemned is a 2007 American action film written and directed by Scott Wiper, the film stars Vincent Peter "Vinnie" Jones, a British actor and former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1984 to 1999 notably for Wimbledon, Leeds United, Sheffield United, Chelsea and Wales, born on which date?
5 January 1965
Which documentary film was released first, Unchained Memories or What Remains of Us?
Unchained Memories
Who was Barbara's mother a follower of?
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh
What company does Queensland Brain Institute and Chuck Feeney have in common?
Atlantic Philanthropies
What TV series starred Abe Vigoda as an NYPD detective and aired on TV from 1975-1977?
Barney Miller
Are Emily Whitehurst and Dave Cousins both American singers and songwriters?
no
What was the title of the memoir that the daughter of the "Washington Post" newspaper publisher and Federal Reserve Chairman wrote?
Personal History
Are both John Fowles and Mary Gordon, American?
no
"As Long as He Needs Me" is a torch song sung by the character of Nancy in the musical film "Oliver! ", and originally introduced in the 1960 musical by which English singer and actress, who was the first actress to play Nancy?
Georgia Brown
Which was first established, Lycos or Zeal?
Lycos
In what year was the 2008 democratic candidate for Maine's smallest congressional district born?
1953
How many oil paintings were created by the artist that painted Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat?
860
What song about a medical student named Maxwell Edison who commits murders with a hammer was first issued a single in Central America?
Maxwell's Silver Hammer
What type of media does Dorobucci and Korede Bello have in common?
music
Ibrahim Hazimeh was born in a city that sits on the coast of which sea ?
the Mediterranean Sea
What is the birthdate of this Soviet Jewish aircraft designer, who designed many of the famous MiG military aircraft, in partnership with Artem Mikoyan? 
12 January 1893
When was the Canadian actress and singer, who starred in Life Under Water, born?
June 2, 1950
What is the nickname of Retired Spanish football and youger brother of tennis player Toni Nadal?
The Beast
For which team does the older brother of Jonas Hummels play ? 
Bayern Munich
Which opera was performed first, The Midsummer Marriage or Hans Heiling?
Hans Heiling
What was the release date of the film that starred Amanda Bynes and Nita Mistry?
April 4, 2003
What was the nickname for the Football Club that Matt Crouch was recruited by?
the Crows
Are Frank Oz and Andrew Davis both puppeteers?
no
Who was lead singer of the song "Why Does It Shake?"
Joe Casey
The Professional Basketball Club LLC is an investment group headed by who, which American businessman and chairman of the Professional Basketball Club LLC, the ownership group of the Oklahoma City Thunder, an NBA franchise formerly known as the Seattle SuperSonics?
Clayton Ike Bennett
Are Tritonia and Kosteletzkya both types of plants?
yes
 Tobias Vincent "Tobey" Maguire is known for playing the title character in Sam Raimi's 2007 film based on what fictional Marvel Comics comic book?
Spider-Man 3
What does Michael Schneider, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, and Georg Philipp Telemann have in common?
German
What American indie rock band has Robert Pollard as a main member and released it's 24th album in April 2017?
Guided by Voices
Eastern Cabaret was a live variety programme series broadcast in 193839 on BBC Television, three episodes were broadcast, and the first two were presented by which English comedian, actor and businessman?
Cyril Fletcher
Cierra Alexa Ramírez  is an American actress best known for her role in a television series created by who?
Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg
Who is the American politician who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2017, that also ran in 2006 against Tan D. Nguyen? 
Loretta Sanchez
How many BMI Awards has the composer of the original music score of the film Greedy ?
twelve
Which streaming service was the exclusive host of Prince's 38th album "Hit n Run Phase One" when it was launched in 2015?
Tidal
Barbarea and Linnaea, are genus of which entities?
plants
Which downtown neighboorhood was annexed by Albany in 1815?
Arbor Hill
what does Jason deCaires Taylor and Isla Mujeres have in common?
Cancún
South Danbury Christian Church is located in which New Hampshire county?
Merrimack County
In which year did this American musician, who was a major part of the "Nashville sound", release his saxophone hit Inspired by King Curtis's saxophone solo?
1963
Are Hans Fallada and Melinda Haynes both writers?
yes
Who is best known for his bass playing and work with the bands King Crimson and Bad Company, Boz Burrell or Jon Hume ?
Raymond "Boz" Burrell
What did the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad merge into that operated between 1970 and 1996?
Burlington Northern Railroad
In what 1994 film does Ernie Sabella voice an animated warthog? 
The Lion King
The Volkswagen Concept D was envisioned by the chairman of the supervisory board until what date?
25 April 2015
Which survivor of the mass shooting that took place on October 16, 1991, at a Luby's restaurant in Killeen, Texas, United States became a leading advocate of an individual's right to carry a concealed weapon?
Suzanna Gratia Hupp
Who developed the new intellectual properties release of a 2016 video game notable for its long development cycle?
D-Pad Studio
The Forester Universe is the fictional setting of several novels, novellas, and short stories by Kyell Gold, consisting primarily of homosexual furry, and which type of stories written about the development of a romantic relationship through sexual interaction?
Erotic romance novels
Who had a career with the West Coast Eagles and Richmond in the Australian Football League?
Ben Cousins
Which band made electronic music, The Cinematics or Missio?
Missio
What American from Albany, New York sculpted a bronze memorial in memory of Louis Daguerre?
Jonathan Scott Hartley
What is the 2011 population in the civil parish that Belnie is located in?
2,958
What is the area code of the British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean?
284
What country do the people live who came up with the word Axé comes from? 
Nigeria
In which city did Mayra Olvera play in the 2015 Women’s World Cup?
Canada
Which film was worked on by Richard Dawkins, Triumph of the Will or The Root of All Evil?
The Root of All Evil?
Q1: In what unofficial ceasefire was Alfred Anderson the last known combatant to participate in.
The Christmas truce
What historical regions does the city where MA'ADEN's corporate headquarters are located belong to?
Najd and Al-Yamama
Prelude in C-sharp minor was composed by a man born in what year?
1873
The 1974 Pittsburgh Steelers season was capped off with a 10-3-1 record and the Super Bowl IX championship, which Cornerback, arrived in 1971? 
Mel Blount
Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980),or Ronaldinho Gaúcho, is a Brazilian professional footballer and ambassador for Spanish club FC Barcelona, Ronaldinho won two FIFA World Player of the Year awards, an association football award presented annually by the sport's governing body, FIFA, beginnning in which year?
1991
Actor Sylvester Stallone's younger brother starred in what 1991 American action comedy film?
Hudson Hawk
The director of the move Thirteen also directed what movie that stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson?
Twilight
What was the birth name of the man that created "Fourth World"?
Jacob Kurtzberg
How many meters is the race in which the novel "Gaming for Gold" features?
3,200
 Where were both Chris Jericho and Robbie Brookside signed to?
WWE
Mark Heard was originally from the city nicknamed what?
"the Heart of Georgia."
Which band was formed first, The Asteroids Galaxy Tour or Wolf Parade?
Wolf Parade
How many decades did the career of the American actor, who starred in "The Happy Ending," span?
six
 The Lady Lions captured the WNIT title in 1998 defeating a team that is coached by which coach ?
Kim Mulkey
Which band was formed first, The Golden Seals or Skinny Puppy?
Skinny Puppy
Which college was founded first, Berea College or Tufts University?
Tufts University
Bankrupt! is an album by a french band from which city ?
Versailles
What type of film did the actress known as Nancy in the musical Oliver appear in in 1956?
British western comedy film
Who was a dentist as well as an author, Zane Grey or Thomas Sigismund Stribling?
Zane Grey
Which American country music band released a 13 song album on July 27 2017?
Midland
The Shipman Inquiry was a report into the activities of the serial killer who was found guilty of how many murders?
fifteen
Hafþór Júlíus "Thor" Björnsson, is an Icelandic professional strongman, actor, and former professional basketball player, he plays which fictional character in the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation "Game of Thrones"?
Gregor Clegane
Are both Gravity Kills and Deas Vail rock bands?
yes
In regards to the gentleman who was a clerk for the Supreme Court Justice who died in April of 2002, who were his two first cousins?
Mo Udall and Stewart Udall
What is the occupation of a Kenyan amateur boxer who won silver at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a bronze medal in Glasgow, Scotland, from 25 July to 2 August at the Scottish Exhibition and Conference ?
police officer
Who, were they alive today, would be older: Christoph Schlingensief or Will Finn?
Will Finn
In what Prince of Orange's parliament did Arthur Chichester sit?
William III
What is the Chinese name of the Tibetan tenor that performs with a New York-based entertainment company that translates its name as "the beauty of devine beings dancing"?
Yuan Qu
What was the name of the stadium replaced by the current stadium that is adjacent to the Ridgely's Delight historic residential neighborhood? 
Memorial Stadium
Are both Benjamin Britten and Claude Debussy music composers ? 
yes
Jane Chance has been the professor emeritus in English at Rice University, a title named after which American banker and industrialist?
Andrew William Mellon
What was the name of the actor that starred in Romeo and Juliet, was recorded by BroadwayHD, and led 93 performances ending in December 2013?
Orlando Bloom
What is the name of this 2012 American action crime-thriller film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Edward Burns?
Alex Cross
Doris Grove was also a stunt co-pilot in which 1999 American heist film directed by John McTiernan?
The Thomas Crown Affair
The Transcaucasian Commissariat decided to strengthen the Georgian-Armenian-Azerbaijani union by general assembly known as what?
A convocation (from the Latin "convocare" meaning "to call/come together",
The philosopher that wrote How Are We to Live? is known for what 1975 book that argues in favor of vegetarianism?
"Animal Liberation"
Which dynasty was founded by Dost Mohammad Khan upon conquering Kabul during the Disaster in Afghanistan?
Barakzai dynasty
What artistic work from a 20th-century American author, painter, and illustrator featured a scene portraying officers of the law escorting a child?
The Problem We All Live With
Which Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Middleweight Champion whose title streak ended after nearly 2,500 days did Luiz Carlos Dórea train?
Anderson Silva
Which singer was born first, Judy Garland or Connie Champagne?
Judy Garland
Rock-A-Rolla is a music magazine covering experimental, avant-garde, noise and metal artists pushing the boundaries of music, in the past the magazine has championed such diverse artists, such as which American musician, singer, songwriter, actor, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and film composer, best known as the lead singer of the alternative metal band Faith No More.?
Mike Patton
O Canada! is a movie at a pavillion located next to what?
British pavilion
Are Andrew Davis and Richard Wallace both American film directors?
yes
The musical sitcom with an album by the same name has what special feature on the album cover?
actual crossword puzzle
Carl Daniel Ekman (March 17, 1845 – November 3, 1904) was a Swedish chemical engineer who invented the form of the sulfite process of wood pulp manufacturing which was first established on a firm commercial basis, helping to replace rags as the main raw material of paper with wood pulp, he opened the Ekman Pulp and Paper Company mill in Northfleet, Kent near the mouth of the Thames River in 1886, Kent is a county in South East England and is how many of the home counties?
one
What other famous novel did the author of the book with protagonist Wade Watts write?
"Armada"
Which actress played the role of Miranda Lucas?
Keshia Knight Pulliam
What is one of the streaming platforms on which Yang Soobin is a South Korean influencer known for food broadcasting?
Afreeca
Between Frank Daniel and Danny Boyle, which film director is known for developing the sequence paradigm of screenwriting?
František "Frank" Daniel
Jesse Michaels and Andy Biersack, have which similar occupation?
singer
Who created the original British version of the Australian television reality music competition won by Dami Im in 2013?
Simon Cowell
Which Serbain footballer had a major role in the dramatic ending of the 2015 Belgian Cup Final?
Aleksandar Mitrović
Who wrote the book for the musical starring Catherine Ricafort that premiered on broadway in January 2015?
Andrew Bergman
Trevor Knight was replaced on the Atlanta Falcons by whom?
Baker Mayfield
What is the birth year of this English actress, who graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and starred in The Heretic with Juliet Stevenson, James Fleet, and Johnny Flynn?
1984
Where might you find a model of a character from a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy film loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book?
Maryculter, Scotland
Which mathematician is known in part for his work on interpolation, Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov or Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov?
Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov
Which actor stared in Romero and also stared in "Logan's Run"?
Richard Jordan
Of the two mountains, which is taller Makalu or Muztagh Ata?
Makalu
When was the stadium completed in which the 2016 Kuwait Super Cup was held?
2009
When was the city that houses  Boca Raton Old City Hall first incorporated?
August 2, 1924
Where does Antanas Kavaliauskas's college basketball team play home games at?
Reed Arena
Who died first, Albert Camus or Witold Gombrowicz?
Albert Camus
"Fell in Love with a Girl" is a song by the American garage rock band The White Stripes, written and produced by Jack White for the band's third studio album, "White Blood Cells", the third studio album, released on which date?
July 3, 2001
The song "She's Too Good to be True" was recorded by an American band, founded in which US city?
Richmond, Kentucky
Are Sparaxis and Cotula both a genus of the same family?
yes
Does Daphne du Maurier or James Jones have more skills in the arts?
Daphne du Maurier
Which British black comedy film was shown at The Scoop in 2008?
Withnail and I
What is a musical based on a book by Marc Acito, Kuo, and Lorzenso Thione, in which actor Greg Watanabe played in?
Allegiance
What member of nobility does Dalmeny House and Barnbougle Castle have in common?
Earl
When was the engine used in the Cromwell and Comet tanks discontinued?
1964
Is Wuzhong, Ningxia or Chencun, Guangdong a popular city known for fresh flowers?
It is popular with its flower planting and has become a production base of fresh flowers.
What type of publications are Saveur and Drum!?
magazine
Vikram Seth and Bryce Courtenay, share which occupation?
novelist
Who is older, Anthony Powell or Nancy Mitford?
Nancy Mitford
Who is the vice chair emeritus of the world's third largest entertainment company?
Janice "Jan" Brandt
Who was part of the Paris postwar literary movement in the 1950s, Neal Stephenson or Terry Southern ?
Terry Southern
What is the main occupation of Hiroshi Sakaguchi, founder of Ki Arts, a traditional Japanese company in Northern California and who features in the 2010 documentary film directed by Tao Ruspoli, based on Martin Heidegger's philosophy?
carpenter
When was the journal, for which Mark Buchanan writes a monthly column, first published ?
October 2005
Ulf Merbold and Lodewijk van den Berg, both flew in ?
space
What category do the films Beyond the Call and Without the King fall into?
documentary film
Which booster was used to send the 1st American into orbit?
Atlas 109-D booster
Black Hours is the debut solo studio album, of singer Hamilton Leithauser, from which indie rock band,?
The Walkmen
British biographer and translator of German philosophy and literature R.J. Hollingdale was elected president of what in 1989, partly because of his work with the posthumously published notebooks of G. C. Lichtenberg?
The Friedrich Nietzsche Society
Queen Clea was a villainess along with the fictional character created by whom?
William Moulton Marston
Pug and Weimaraner are breeds of what?
dog
Are either Robert Lamm or Fher Olvera British musicians?
no
Are Black Light Burns and Sixpence None the Richer both American bands?
yes
Frankie Fleming faced what hall of famer who held the World Featherweight title from 1912 to 1923?
John Patrick "Johnny" Kilbane
Margaret Mary "Madge" Bishop (also Ramsay and Mitchell) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by which Australian actress best known for playing the character of Madge Bishop in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours"?
Anne Charleston
the album COnfidential by M-1 features guest appearances from a musician born on which day ?
December 4, 1955
What was the release date of the final album produced by Creedence Clearwater Revival?
April 11, 1972
Andrew Stahl was an actor on the CBS drama that aired during which period?
April 1994 to August 1995
Who was a physician, Al-Kindi or Abu Yusuf?
Al-Kindi
Are Born Rich and Death Faces both mockumentaries?
no
What do Walter Lippmann and Michael Shaara have in common?
American writer
The Qube is home to the operations center of what type of lending company?
mortgage
What was the color of the twin-rotor Wankel rotary engine car driven by Peter McLeod?
yellow and black
Margot Sanger-Katz is an American health care journalist who currently works for which organization, prior to joining the Times, she worked for "National Journal" and the "Concord Monitor"?
New York Times
Álvaro Raposo De Oliveira was born in a city located in the valleys of which rivers ?
the Chillón, Rímac and Lurín rivers
Which album by End of Everything received a 7/10 from the monthly heavy metal music magazine, Metal Hammer?
Three
Old Money was from a studio album released on what date?
June 13, 2014
Who is older, Klaus-Dietrich Flade or Jean-Pierre Haigneré?
Jean-Pierre Haigneré
Who is in Calling All Hearts and born in Lakeland?
Faith Evans
The Account is a 2016 film that stars this actor, known for starring in the NBC series "Law & Order"?
J. K. Simmons
What Texas City hosts a bowl game that the University of Nebraska Cornhusker Marching Band has performed at multiple times?
San Antonio
Who was born first, Bertrand Tavernier or Kim Ki-duk?
Bertrand Tavernier
The Rolling Stones album that contains the song "Sweet Black Angel" was released in what country?
United Kingdom
Ivan Ozhogin received "The Golden Mask" for his role in a musical that was a remake of a film directed by who?
Roman Polanski
Which metropolitan area is home to Putney, Georgia and is the seat of Dougherty County?
Albany, Georgia
Which of the three geological formations exposed in the Como Bluff was named for a post office on the eastern side of the Bighorn Basin in Wyoming?  
The Cloverly Formation
 Cruel Passion was based on the novel "Justine" by which French aristocrat, revolutionary politician, philosopher, and writer, famous for his libertine sexuality?
Marquis de Sade
Which National Historical Park was preliminarily excavated from 1896-1901?
Chaco Culture National Historical Park
The Battle of the Labyrinth is the fourth novel in a pentalogy of adventure and mythological fiction books that have sold more than 45 million copies, and have been sold in how many countries?
35
The Murder of John Lennon was committed by the man who read which book until he was arrested?
The Catcher in the Rye
Which of Robin Gibb's siblings were featured in Mythology?
Barry and Maurice Gibb
What movie staring Joaquin Phoenix was created by the same man who released "Unbreakable"?
The Village
Which was a solo artist, Faye or Benjamin Burnley?
Faye
Where did John Ebersole perform x-rays in the autopsy of a president?
Bethesda Naval Medical Center
What local government area oversees the city where the Lake Oval is located?
City of Port Phillip
How many passengers did the airport near Poyle handle in 2016?
75.7 million
Fort Richardson National Cemetery is part of the installation that merged with what nearby Air Force Base?
Elmendorf
Which Hall of Fame was the founder of the Ivey League elected to?
Poker Hall of Fame
Brenton Thwaites had a role in the 2014 social science film directed by whom?
Phillip Noyce
Which South Korean singer/actress was a member of both DIA and I.O.I?
Jung Chae-yeon
The company that has bought Canal Digital in 2003 is headquartered in which city?
Fornebu
Dick Bush created the cinematography to the 1979 drama film starring which actor?
Richard Gere
Tyrone Dobbs, the character from "Coronation Street", had a storyline with what actress who was a runner-up in the 2013 series of "Strictly Come Dancing" on BBC One?
Natalie Gumede
St Martin de Porres, Adelaide is a feeder school to which school that was founded in 1886?
Cabra Dominican College
Bad Kitty was written by what American writer who has authored novels in several genres, including historical romance and suspense thrillers?
Michele Sharon Jaffe
Sange-e-Masha and Jaghori District are both located in what country?
Afghanistan
Peter Collinson (January 1694 – 11 August 1768) was a Fellow of the Royal Society, an avid gardener, and the middleman for an international exchange of scientific ideas in mid-18th century London, best known for his horticultural friendship with John Bartram, was an early American botanist, horticulturist and explorer, that died on which date?
September 22, 1777
What country is the competitive swimmer from who competed three times in the sporting event overseen by the Commonwealth Games Federation?
New Zealand
The song "Chasing Colors" featured the vocals of this American actress and singer born in 2000 who released her debut single in which year?
2016
After playing freshman year in Belle Glade, Florida, Willie Snead IV moved to which state?
Michigan
Which film director, born in 1945, directed a 1983 comedy film starring Tom Cruise and Shelley Long?
Curtis Hanson
Evan Crawford has played for an MLB team in what league?
American League
A Raisin in the Sun is a 1961 drama film, stars included is Roy Glenn, he was an American character actor who was born in Pittsburg, in which U.S. state?
Kansas
Are both Christopher Amott and Stephen Malkmus guitarists?
yes
Special 26, also known as Special Chabbis, is a 2013 Indian period heist crime thriller film directed by Neeraj Pandey, the film is inspired by which 1987 titled event, a group posing as CBI officers executed the fake income tax investigation raid on the Opera House branch of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri & Sons Jewellers in Mumbai, India?
1987 Opera House heist
Kew Cottages is located in the eastern suburb of Melbourne how far away from the Central Business District?
6 km east
Who recorded an album at Österåker Prison and San Quentin Prison?
Johnny Cash
Are Sinningia and Hyoscyamus in the same family?
no
The Arab nationalist who helped inspire the Aden Emergency was born in what year?
1918
The Ferryman, a 2017 play by Jez Butterworth, casts which British film, television, and stage actor, who was born in 1967?
Stuart Graham
The Axis Is a mid-sized auditorium located inside Planet Hollywood Las Vegas located where?
Paradise, Nevada
What was the debut single by the singer of the 2009 single "I'll Just Hold On"?
Austin
The Purpose Driven Life was written by the pastor who founded what church?
Saddleback Church
Venus of the Hardsell is notable for being fictionally part of stories created by what three individuals?
Alan Moore, Steve Bissette and John Totleben
Lovie Smith and Tim Holt coached for which NFL team in 2012?
Chicago Bears
Who designed both a public research university and Church of the Most Holy Trinity?
Clarence H. Johnston, Sr.
The soundtrack to 'Dancer in the Dark' is by what Icelandic singer, songwriter, actress, record producer, and DJ?
Björk Guðmundsdóttir
The House on Carroll Street, was released in which year, an American thriller film, the film features Jessica Tandy, she was a British stage and film actress?
1988
Mamie Evelyn Locke, is an African-American politician and educator, she is Dean of the School of Liberal Arts at which private historically black university located in Hampton, Virginia, United States?
Hampton University
"Bart's Dog Gets an "F"" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons" second season, in the Simpson family's dog, which pet greyhound of the Simpson family, manages to infuriate Homer and Marge by destroying Homer's new shoes, ruining a family heirloom, and devouring Homer's cookie?
Santa's Little Helper
Of Saint Peterborough Cathedral and Lancaster Cathedral, which is dedicated to more saints?
Peterborough Cathedral
The song by the American rock band Linkin Park "Faint" is from this album co-produced by which producer?
Don Gilmore
What trail did the trail, of which Potter-Blocker was a collateral branch, replace?
Chisholm trail
Miss Universe 2009 was held at the Atlantis Paradise Island in Nassau, which is in an archipelagic state within what Archipelago?
Lucayan
Which author has more categories of published works Alfred Bester or Ishmael Reed?
Alfred Bester
What cities are the headquarters for the company that owns Avra Valley Solar Generating Station?
West Windsor Township, New Jersey, and Houston, Texas
To whose Neoclassical design was the major listed building in the parish of Siddington built?
William Smith
Are Yanzhou District and Haidong in the same country?
yes
Are Naguib Mahfouz and W. H. Auden both English?
no
What famous singer did the director of "The Help" direct a movie on?
James Brown
Sugarland's song Stay stayed right behind Taylor Swift's Our Song, which was driven by which instrument?
banjo
Where was the female star of the film The Sound born ?
Italian-born
What is the name of the Polynesian-themed resort and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip where Terry Fator headlines?
The Mirage
Which game was invented in India and played more by children, Pay Day or Aksharit?
Aksharit
Of what material is an enclosed bridge made from which can be viewed from the Ponte dela Paglia bridge in Venice, Italy?
white limestone
Are James P. Bagian and Paz Lenchantin both Americans?
yes
Griggstown cow is believed to be a New Jersey myth, similar to what legendary creature that is said to inhabit the Pine Barrens in Southern New Jersey?
Jersey Devil
Ed Guiney produced the 2015 drama written by whom?
Emma Donoghue
Around how many members does the triad group, for which Michael Chan admitted being the No. 2, have?
25,000
The Goldeneye and Prince of Wales are both cocktails, but differ in what way?
The Goldeneye is a smooth cocktail made from rum and pineapple juice
Who founded the radio show that The Carter Sisters joined in 1950 ? 
George D. Hay
The Wuerffel Trophy is an award given annually to the college football player "who best combines exemplary community service with athletic and academic achievement.", its named in honor of former University of Florida quarterback Danny Wuerffel, by which organization?
All Sports Association
La sonnambula used themes from a Vincenzo Bellini opera that had a libretto by whom?
Felice Romani
What is the county code for Lakeside Village?
JF
Gaetano Giallanza represented a football who played for the Swiss Olympic team in what year?
2012
When was the rock band which Joe Puerta is the bassist for founded?
1970
Nightwish is a symphonic metal band from which city in Finland, the band was formed in 1996 by lead songwriter and keyboardist, Tuomas Lauri Johannes Holopainen (born 25 December 1976) is a Finnish songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician (but mainly keyboardist) and record producer, best known as the founder of Nightwish?
Kitee
Who established the Journal of Libertarian Studies as well as writing  over 20 books on political theory?
Murray Rothbard
In which year, did Floyd Odlum's wife who became the head of the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) pass away?
1980
Walker County was named after which member of the US Senate from Mississippi?
Robert J. Walker
Which film stars Justin Timberlake, Mila Kunis, and Bryan Greenberg?
Friends with Benefits
Who is the creator of the Japanese webcomic in which Kyle McCarley voiced Shegeo Kageyama?
ONE
While Cube 2: Hypercube was written by Sean Hood, who co-wrote the original film?
co-written by Vincenzo Natali
Are Carl Reiner and Sofia Coppola both directors ?
yes
The stream which the city named after the daughter of a Greek fabulist and story teller is a tributary of which river?
Alfeios
Which Argentine Peronist politician became governor in 1983 and had Luis Lusquiños as his Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers in 2001?
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá
Which single produced by Just Blaze gives dedication to the American troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Live Your Life
Coast Casinos is the number 2 locals casino brand in the Las Vegas market, behind what gaming company that is based in Summerlin, Nevada, and was founded by who?
Frank Fertitta
The 1950 British Columbia B-36 crash involved an aircraft that was en route to the Air Force base just southeast of what Alaska town?
Moose Creek
Alexander Fulton founded which city that had a mild subtropical climate that was required for agricultural production using slave labor? 
Alexandria, Louisiana
When did A.J. Benza's show A. J. After Hours air?
2001
What role did Lhakpa Tsamchoe play in the 1997 American biographical war drama film based on a 1952 book written by Heinrich Harrer?
Pema Lhaki
Who has coached at more Universities Steve Sarkisian or Richard Bakalyan?
Stephen Ambrose Sarkisian
Which Nobel Prize laureate, known for his pioneering studies of electron scattering in atomic nuclei, did Behram Kurşunoğlu host during his University of Miama career?
Robert Hofstadter
The 1976 Caribbean Series were held on what island?
Hispaniola
What is the name of this American botanist and inventor born in the 1860s, whose birthplace was Diamond, Missouri?
George Washington Carver
What film starring Richard Gere was the first musical since "Oliver" to win Best Picture?
"Chicago"
Nick Offerman had a role in the black comedy-crime drama created by whom?
Noah Hawley
When did Spike Milligan write Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall?
1971
Battle of Peleliu and Battle of Leyte Gulf, occurred during which historic event?
World War II
What film directed by Valerie Red-Horse Mohl was based on the life of the first woman elected to serve as chief of the Cherokee Nation?
Mankiller
The Way to Rainy Mountain was a book by the Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist of what heritage?
Kiowa
Who is the German actor who played Adolf Hitler in the 2009 Quentin Tarantino film, Inglourious Basterds?
Martin Wuttke
 Fernando Martin Forestieri  plays as a striker for an English club that was known by what name prior to 1929? 
The Wednesday Football Club
After attaching Fort Laprairie, where did Major Pieter Schuyler serve as mayor?
Albany, New York
What is part of the shared nickname and name of both the manager of TJ Sklotatran Poltar and the Brazilian politician that achieved fame as a professional footballer?
Romário
What is the birthday of Greg Gagne's father?
February 26, 1926
Who had more of an influence on Spanish literature, Jonathan Kellerman or Rubén Darío?
Rubén Darío
Fuat Bulca was friends with which founder of the Republic of Turkey?
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
On which movie was one of the film directed by Clare Kilner based? 
Asking for Trouble
Who wrote the original song that inspired this charity single after the Haitian disaster recorded by this group including Ignazio Boschetto in 2010?
Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie
Who sang the song which was before Loverboy on  the U.S. Billboard Hot 100?
George Michael
Does Oakland International Airport fly out to more places than Redding Municipal Airport?
yes
Which magazine was published first Wired or Christian Science Sentinel ?
Christian Science Sentinel
This French football club which won its first Ligue 1 championship in 2002, has been crowned champion at the invitational pre-season friendly football tournament for club teams prior to 2009, when Hamburger SV were the final champions.
Olympique Lyonnais
Who voiced the Devil in the computer-animated television series whose director also created "Bob's Burgers"?
H. Jon Benjamin
Which of the championships held by Rob Terry was renamed in 2001?
OVW Heavyweight Championship
When was the album with the lead single "Black Skinhead" released?
June 18, 2013
Who is the husband of the subject of the Saturday Night Live parodies of Hillary Clinton?
Bill Clinton
Blanche Hunt was the mother of what award winning character played by Anne Kirkbride?
Deirdre Barlow
What championship did the current college football commentator for ESPN  win?
the Big 12 Conference championship
What is the name of this Irish horror fantasy thriller film starring Jonny Lee Miller and Gemma Arterton?
Byzantium
In the United Kingdom, the Chairman of Ways and Means is a senior member of the House of Commons who acts as one of the Speaker's three deputies, the position is currently held by which British Labour Party politician, who has been the member of parliament (MP) for Chorley since 1997?
Lindsay Harvey Hoyle
Which Disneyland's Snow White Grotto is most likely to have been designed to adhere to the rules of feng shui?
Hong Kong Disneyland
What reserve was established in 1991 to protect the habitat of the "Pan paniscus"?
Lomako Forest Reserve
What country rock band is headed by guitarist Steve Ripley?
The Tractors
Jordan-Carmichael Subban, is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League (AHL), and is one of the three Subban brothers to be drafted into the NHL, the other two being Malcolm Subban and who?
P. K. Subban
Carlo Murena, was an Italian architect of the late-Baroque period active in Rome, Foligno, and which capital city of both the region of Umbria in central Italy?
Perugia
American Actress Masiela Lusha, joining the cast of the film "Sharknado: The 4th Awakens" in 2016, played her first major role in which globally syndicated ABC sitcom?
George Lopez
Barry Orton, is an American actor, musician, and former professional wrestler who has a son Bob Orton who plays in what sport?
professional wrestler
What type of publication does The Week and Archaeology have in common?
magazine
Hitman is an episode in the 3rd season of what animated series created by Pendleton Ward?
Adventure Time
Which actor nicknamed Duke starred in The Barbarian and the Geisha?
John Wayne
Topher is a fictional villain in what superhero comic book series that features a group of teenagers who discover that their parents are part of an evil crime organization known as The Pride?
Runaways
What award did the musician known for his work as frontman and lyricist of the progressive rock band The Mars Volta, who featured in an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2013 ?
Grammy Award
What month did the one episode come out that resulted in a negative reception from Streisand?
February
In logic, Richard's paradox is a semantical antinomy of set theory and natural language first described by the French mathematician Jules Richard in which year, Kurt Gödel specifically cites Richard's antinomy as a semantical analogue to his syntactical incompleteness result?
1905
Rex Salas worked as a producer for the actress and singer known for which role on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
Ashley Banks
The Shareef Show Mubarak Ho is hosted by what Pakistani stand-up comedian and actor?
Umer Shareef
Who were the writers of the 2016 American Christmas comedy film directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck in which the Emmy-nominated American actress and comedian, best known as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" played a role?
Justin Malen and Laura Solon
Out of the Darkness is a crime thriller film about the pursuit of a serial killer that was born in what year?
1953
With a soundtrack composed by Hiphop Tamizha, who directed the 2017 Indian Tamil-language thriller film Kavan?
K. V. Anand
When was the actor that stared in Hans Christian Andersen born?
January 18, 1911
Which construction company build the tower which is connected by an elevated walkway with the Metropolitan Life North Building which is just north of it?
Hedden Construction Company
William Jennifer Powell is a pioneer aviator and civil rights activist, along with James Banning and the first woman of African-American and what descent, to hold a pilot license?
Native American
Fairy Tales was models after what November 2005 BBC One show?
ShakespeaRe-Told
Paul Frederick Foster was recalled for World War II service by a political leader that passed away in which year ?
1945
Which mountain is taller, Lupghar Sar or Gyachung Kang?
Gyachung Kang
Which historic location in Turkey had more association with Turkish literature, Galata Bridge or Nusretiye Mosque?
Galata Bridge
The meaning of PIGS changed to stand for different countries during a financial crisis that started in what year?
2009
What does the Golden Giant Mine and the  Lost McLeod Mine have in common?
Canada
68 Silver Street was the home of the doctor of the English essayist, poet, and antiquarian, born on what day?
10 February 1775
The co-founder of the Women's Social and Political Union was arrested for assault and obstruction in what year?
1905
Which film was produced first, James and the Giant Peach or Home on the Range?
James and the Giant Peach
Eurazeo has invested in the multinational hotel group of which nationality?
French
What was the title of the first single from Jack White's debut solo album?
Love Interruption
Which magazine, Femina or Nesf El Donya, is an Arabic weekly women's and political magazine published in Egypt?
Nesf El Donya
Bobby Samini was lead counsel for the former owner of which NBA team from 1981-2014?
Los Angeles Clippers
Operation Nordwind and Meuse-Argonne Offensive, were both at which location?
Western Front
Sarah Davis is an American politician whose district contains an upscale mixed-use urban development shopping mall centrally located in the Uptown District of what city?
Houston
Richard Brake plays which character on the HBO fantasy drama television series which premiered on April 6, 2014?
Night King
 Physical Graffiti included three outtakes the album released on what date in 1971?
8 November
Mega Python vs. Gatoroid starred what singer who was born in October of 1971?
Tiffany
In what year was the star of a film dramatizing the manhunt for Osama bin Laden born?
1974
What territory does Chan Kwong-wing and Infernal Affairs have in common?
Hong Kong
After being decomissioned, the USCGC Catenary was sold to an academy located in what state?
New York
What was the name of the area in the highlands of central Anatolia ruled by Deiotarus? 
Galatia
Who is  a two-time NHL Second All-Star (2004 and 2007) and a winner of the William M. Jennings Trophy for backstopping his team to the lowest goals-against average in the league, who also was former teamates with a Swedish professional ice hockey centre who currently serves as captain of the Vancouver Canucks?  
Roberto Luongo
This New Hampshire park, which originally opened as a trolley park with botanical gardens and is run by a few local families, is located in which town that has about a population of 29,000 as of 2010?
Salem
are Gus Van Sant and Steve Buscemi both film directors ?
yes
Who was the Italian Blackshirt who served as Italy's Marshal of the Air Force with the aim to take control of all private airline?
Italo Balbo
Longleat Safari Park is the grounds of the home of the politician who was styled as what title between 1946-92?
Viscount Weymouth
PVRIS and Elastica are both what?
rock band
Which of the following bands is a side project of John Flansburgh, one of the founding members of They Might Be Giants: Mono Puff or Sum 41?
Mono Puff
What nationality was the writer of "Songs of Love"?
Northern Irish
The 1915 Oregon Agricultural Aggies football team played their home games at Bell Field in a city in central western Oregon, that is the county seat of what county?
Benton County
When was the English singer and actress that covered the song "Beware of Darkness" born?
29 December 1946
What vessel was on-scene for the crash that landed 60 miles south of Nantucket, killing all 217 people on board?
USCGC "Spencer"
What was the name of the strip club in the horror television series developed by Robert Rodriguez?
Titty Twister
Are Lift and Izze both products produced by the Coca-Cola Company?
no
Information concerning Peter of Bruys is derived from two extant sources one of which is a passage written by a medieval French scholastic philosoper that had an affair with who?
Héloïse d'Argenteuil
What is this association football award that recognises the best Premier League player each month of the season, which is announced with the Premier League Manager of the Month, currently called?
EA SPORTS Player
Did Anne Sexton and René Char write poetry?
yes
UFC 200 was help at what multi-use indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip that Opened on April 6, 2016
T-Mobile Arena
Nasty Gal was a retailer founded by the businesswoman of what nationality?
American
A county seat war is what kind of phenomenon that happens near the Applachian Ohio region?
American phenomenon
Henry Espy is the brother of former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture who was born in what year?
1953
Nu skool breaks (or nu breaks as it is sometimes referred) is a subgenre of breakbeat originating during the period between 1998 and 2002, in contrast with big beat, another subgenre of breakbeat, the sound set consisted less of hip hop samples and sounds of Acid house, a subgenre of house music developed around the mid-1980s by DJs, from which location?
Chicago
who has had more members, Cocteau Twins or  Headstones
Headstones
What actor born in 1993 starred in a 2015 South Korean period fantasy film directed by Kim Dae-seung?
Yoo Seung-ho
Which actress in Experimenter was born in 1971?
Winona Ryder
What general from the American Revolutionary War's activities were reported by Marquis de Lafayette?
Benedict Arnold
What year did the author, who published a criticism of Shakespeare's plays in 1817, die?
1830
In the biographical film Rainbow, which actress played the singer-actress Judy Garland?
Andrea McArdle
What name did Patrick Keeler's The Racounteurs use in Australia?
The Saboteurs
What country was the Auto company responsible for sponsorship of the 2016 World Club Series located in?
Romania
Ricardo "Ricky" Sánchez Rosa, is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player who currently plays for Fuerza Regia of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional (LNBP), he was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers with 35th pick of the 2005 NBA Draft, and was immediately traded to the Denver Nuggets for their selection, which American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks?
Jarrett Jack
Jack Snow was an American radio writer, and scholar, who wrote the thirty-eighth book, in the series of Oz books, titled ?
The Shaggy Man of Oz
What was the nationality of the person who wrote the lyrics for "Suzanne"?
Canadian
A English former radio and television presenter who was known for presenting "It's a Knockout" was represented in criminal trial by the man who is current chairman of what football club?
Barnsley
The coach of the 2007-08 Feyenoord season was born in what year?
1952
 Mabee House is part of the society that was established on what date?
July 14, 1905
What is the year of the event that occured first, Lawrence Brownlee was born, or Joyce DiDonato was born?
1969
What 2012 hurricane was known for destroying the Long Beach Medical Center?
Hurricane Sandy
The song Rainbow Connection is a song from "The Muppet Movie" that won a Golden Globe award for what?
Best Original Song
Who was the vice-president of the Romantic Novelists' Association under the president who died in 1985?
Barbara Cartland
What is the nationality of the co-creator of Timeslip (along with Evan Skolnick)?
American
Peoples redemption Council consisted of 17 soldiers and this Liberian politician who once served as the leader of Liberia.
Samuel Doe
Which American actress co starred beside Sean Penn in This Must Be the Place?
Frances McDormand
When was the only album by the firm released?
1997
Margaret "Maggie" Black (March 31, 1930 – May 11, 2015) was a ballet teacher who taught in New York City during the 1970s and 1980s, she coached dancers such as which American ballerina, who joined the New York City Ballet in 1968 at age fifteen, at the invitation of George Balanchine?
Gelsey Kirkland
The singer who released the single "Kid Stuff" in 1973 is best known for what other song?
The Teddy Bear Song
Penn Central opened Kent Road station to serve what American multinational corporation?
PerkinElmer
Olga Pershankova competed with an ice dancer who was a five time what?
U.S. national champion
Who played Dr. David Cameron on a show developed and written by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman?
Christopher Jay "Chris" Potter
A man nicknamed "Nalle" is the Chairman of the board of what financial company that employs nearly 6,800 employees?
Sampo Group
Are both Chrissy Amphlett and Jimi Jamison songwriters?
yes
Only the Brave is a film about which part of the Army Reserve?
442nd Regimental Combat Team
Who is a film critic, Urszula Urbaniak or Olivier Assayas?
Olivier Assayas
What type of genre does Bobby Ball and Cannon and Ball have in common?
comedy
When did the Canadian Paralympic Committee move onto a new city for there games?
2003
Colonel Giora "Hawkeye" Epstein, is a retired colonel in the Israeli Air Force (IAF), it operates as the aerial warfare branch of the Israel Defense Forces, founded on which date?
May 28, 1948
When did the singer of "Work Hard, Play Harder" make her debut?
2004
The forward who missed 18 games in the 1994–95 Dallas Stars season was which retired American professional ice hockey player, who played primarily for the Minnesota North Stars/Dallas Stars franchise? 
Mike Modano
What tabloid launched February 2012 has included stories by  Charles Thomson? 
The Sun
When was the company, of which Ernest Walter Hives was one time chairman, founded ?
1904
Flylo was featured on what Cinematic Orchestra mix album?
Late Night Tales
Fresno Yosemite International Airport and Valdez Airport, are in which country's acronym?
U.S.
Iwama dojo was built by what martial artist who is often referred to as the founder, Kaiso, or Great Teacher?
Morihei Ueshiba
In what state did the author of the Bradley Amendment serve as senator?
New Jersey
When was the American professional wrestler featured in "The Rise and Fall of ECW" born?
December 11, 1974
Which American stand-up comedian starred in thank You for Your Service
Amy Beth Schumer
What division I-AA university football team represented the Southern Conference in the 1924 season?
South Carolina Gamecocks
What is the formal name of the Investment company that owns the "Cube" at Midland building?
Union Asset Management Holding AG
Danielle Ryan (born 1983) is an Irish heiress, being the daughter of Capt. Cathal Ryan and granddaughter of Tony Ryan,  co-founder of Ryanair with Christy Ryan and Liam Lonergan, and founder of GPA, which is an acronym for ?
Guinness Peat Aviation
The university to which Mitch Taylor transferred in 1992 sits on what bluff overlooking the Mississippi River?
Scott’s Bluff
What city of a sovereign archipelago island nation in the Indian Ocean does Prince Said Ibrahim International Airport serve?
Moroni
What association did the artists manager of the band consisting of lead vocalist Chibi, rhythm guitarist Rainbow, lead guitarist Falcore, drummer Rhim, keyboardist Owen, and bassist Nate Manor launch? 
the Songwriters Association of Canada
The 15th and 18th top scorers of all time in Liga I are from which country?
Romania
What show that featured the actors who acted in "Sonny with a Chance", besides Demi Lovato did Zack Martin (played by Dylan Sprouse) have a cross-over episode with? 
So Random!
What restaurant was SpongeBob fired from?
The Krusty Krab
Stella Gibbons and Patrick McCabe, have which similar occupation?
writer
Who composed the film whose sound track is Original Motion Picture, and is an american action fantasy film based on the video game series of the same name and novels set in the world of Azeroth?
Ramin Djawadi
Are Libocedrus and Helianthus both types of plants?
yes
Happy Feet Two features the voice talent of which actor, DJ, and producer?
Elijah Jordan Wood
What was the name of the third album of this American post-hardcore band from Raleigh, North Carolina in which the American musician, Alex Torres, was guitarist for?
The Emptiness
Is Ceratozamia or Apophyllum native to Australia?
Apophyllum
What is the name of the sport in which the purpose is to accumulate the highest score for a "game", consists of eight or ten ends, and whose Swedish team consisted of Major Delaval Graham L'Eastrange Astley?
Curling
Are Billings Logan International Airport and Lanai Airport both located in the US?
yes
what does Vinci and Senet have in common?
board game
What is the middle name of the actress who created the anthology series Tall Tales & Legends ? 
Alexis
Who has more titles, David Butler or Saul Metzstein?
David Butler
10 Years of Hits – Newly Recorded is a compilation album by a country music artist known by what nickname?
"The Voice"
Were both Rudolph Polk and Simon West concert violinists?
no
What is the name of the bear in "The Jungle Book" voiced by Phil Harris?
Baloo
What type of betting was used in the 2008 Orange Bowl that led to upsets with bettors?
Spread betting
When was the  Norwegian composer which Jens Peter Daniel Bogren has worked on his album born 
10 October 1975
Which professional American basketball player left the University of Kentucky after one season and was drafted 5th, after teammate John Wall but before teammate Patrick Patterson?
DeMarcus Cousins
Who made their guest appearance first, The Dixie Chicks or Phil Hartman?
Phil Hartman
Which American professional basketball coach, for the Sooners, is in his first season?
Lon Kruger
Under which dynasty did this Persian general serve who used the Black Standard in his uprising leading to the Abbasid Revolution in 747?
Abbasid dynasty
Tough Sh*t: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good covers a fued with an airline headquartered where?
Dallas, Texas
During the last phases of a major battle of World War II in which Nazi Germany and its allies fought the Soviet Union for control of the city of Stalingrad which general lead a raid that was designed to force the Germans to divert forces?
General Vasily Mikhaylovich Badanov
What did the composer of La traviata use the term "banda" to describe?
banda sul palco
In what county is the birthplace of a thoroughbred horse trainer born January 24, 1959 located?
Suffolk County
At the 12th Lumieres Awards Ceremony, the award for best film went to a 2006 French thriller film that was directed by Guillaume Canet, and was based on the novel by who?
Harlan Coben
Which breed is more rare, the New Zealand Heading Dog or the Telomian?
Telomian
Which U.S. Army specialist convicted in the Abu Ghraib scandal was born in 1968?
Manadel al-Jamadi
In which country Imo's Pizza and Pizza Patrón Inc. are based?
United States
Hanns and Rudolf is a dual biography of Hanns Alexander and which Nazi German "SS"-"Obersturmbannführer" (lieutenant colonel) and the longest-serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp in World War II?
Rudolf Höss
Since 2010, Sándor Pintér has served as Minister of Interior in the cabinet of a politician born in which year ?
1963
Q. Who has directed more films, John Carl Buechler or Clarence G. Badger? A. Clarence G. Bagder
Clarence G. Badger
Do both Eversource Energy and Skyworks Solutions have headquarters in Massachusetts?
yes
What was the best rank of the driver who has driven the Arrows A19?
10th
The Ckm wz. 30 was a Polish-made clone of what American heavy machine gun used by the United States in World War I, World War II, Korea and to a limited extent in Vietnam?
The M1917 Browning machine gun
What 2004 Luc Besson film was later remade as the English language film Brick Mansions?
District 13
What industry do both Arvind Ethan David and Hugh Richard Bonneville Williams work in?
film
Which system has more campuses, University of Tennessee system or Virginia Commonwealth University.
University of Tennessee system
Cliven Bundy was known for his role in having participated in what armed confrontation?
Bundy standoff
I Knew You Were Trouble and State of Grace are both written by what singer-songwriter?
Taylor Swift
What is the profession of both Michel Gondry and Ruby Yang?
filmmaker
How many students are at the college where Clinton L. Hare was a coach in 1891?
approximately 2,300
which is more likely to make you laugh more, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea or Condorman
Condorman
The artists with the most nominations at the 2010 MuchMusic Video Awards are Drake and a Canadian pop-rock group formed in what year? 
2003
Which actress committed suicide after starring in a film based on the short stories of Kim Young-ha?
Lee Eun-ju
Which MBC show aired in the same Sunday night slot before April 2015 as "Secretly Greatly" did from December 2016?
"Animals"
When was the character that Clara Paget played in "Black Sails" born?
March 8, 1702
 Ruby Jerins is best known for pllaying Grace Peyton in a drama/comedy series that premiered on what network?
Showtime
Rex Tremlett studied at the school founded in which year by John Incent?
1541
Who was born first, Ryuichi Kawamura or Jason Scheff?
Jason Randolph Scheff
What is the NATO code of FitzRoy James Henry Somerset's rank?
OF-10
 Developing Unconventional Gas (DUG) is a series of annual regional conferences of the oil industry, which notable key note speaker, was born on May 22, 1928?
T. Boone Pickens
City of Angels is a 1998 American romantic fantasy film directed by Brad Silberling and starring an American actor, who early in his career starred in what 1983 film?
Valley Girl
Which musical comedy film is also a song that appeared on the same album as the song, "I Should Have Known Better?"
A Hard Day's Night
When did the 18th episode of the 13th season of the show that is set in the fictional town of Springfield and parodies American culture and society, television, and the human condition air?
April 28, 2002
What descendant of KTHML was developed by Apple?
Safari
Who owned the hotel at which 16th AVN Awards was held? 
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
George Montgomery is the biological father of an NBA player who was born in which year ?
1988
Frisch's Big Boy is a regional Big Boy restaurant chain with headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio, Big Boy Restaurants International, LLC is an American restaurant chain headquartered in Warren, in which US state?
Michigan
Which band is based in San Francisco, American Music Club or Imagine Dragons?
American Music Club
Who was born first, Albert Parker or Lisa Cholodenko?
Albert Parker
Which magazine was founded first, Bloomberg Businessweek or Midwest Living?
Bloomberg Businessweek
Benjamin Labaree was born in what New Hampshire county?
Sullivan County
When was the King of England died based on who's conflict with his wife Philippa of Hainault The Six of Calais is a one-act play was made?
21 June 1377
The Last Flight of Noah's Ark and Dumbo, have which mutual genre?
adventure
Activated charcoal and zeolites are both categorized by having pores equal to or smaller than what size?
100 nanometers
Which band was from Jönköping, Sweden, The Cardigans or My Chemical Romance whose lead guitarist was Ray Toro?
The Cardigans
The distinctive interior of The Church of the Covenant is largely the work of an American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer headquartered where?
New York City
Amusement Expo is an annual convention featuring and showcasing vendors, developers and businesses having to do with coin activated amusements such as video arcade machines, electro-mechanical games, ticket/redemption skill and chance games, and jukeboxes, the show is held annually in March at the Las Vegas Convention Center, is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority in Winchester, which state?
Nevada
A 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg inspired a Danish-British-American thriller directed by whom?
Bille August
What is owned by the Delhi Development Authority and was where Table Tennis at the 2010 Commonwealth Games were held?
Yamuna Sports Complex
Who is the director of the sequel to the 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme?
Ridley Scott
How many impromptu locations did Paul McCartney go to promote his fourteenth solo album?
six
Which co-founder developed Swatch as a response to the "quartz crisis"?
Nicolas George Hayek
 Sorcerer is widely considered a remake of a 1953 film that was the 4th highest-grossing film of the year with a total of how many admissions?
6,944,306
Detlev Buck and Herschell Gordon Lewis, are American?
no
The LaFontaines and Tad, are Scottish bands?
no
Neal Preston, who worked with an English rock band that formed in 1964,  also worked with other musicians from what genre?
rock
The 1983 Chicago Bears season was led by the coach who was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in what year?
1988
James Blake released a self titled debut-album on what label? 
ATLAS
Delta Wedding was a fiction novel by the short story writer who wrote about what subject?
American South
Which battle, Operation Grenade or the Battle of Fredericksburg, occurred first?
Battle of Fredericksburg
which  American animated superhero action-comedy television series was produced by  Playmates Toys
Ben 10
Are Elie Wiesel and A. A. Milne of the same nationality?
no
Which of the musician that fronted Velvet was born on  6 September 1961?
Paul Waaktaar-Savoy
Are both Androsace and Metrosideros members of the Myrtaceae?
no
Barley wine is a style of dark beer from what country?
England
Which rock band, Cocteau Twins or Tame Impala, is an Australian psychedelic rock band founded by Kevin Parker in 2007?
Tame Impala
what is the population of town that Whitworth railway station served at the 2011 Census?
7,500
Angel Cejudo won the Dave Schultz Memorial competition, which started after Dave Schultz was murdered by whom? 
John Eleuthère du Pont
Who voiced the title character in a 30-minuted animated film based on a song written by Leonard Lipton and Peter Yarrow?
Burgess Meredith
The Oasis Exhibits from the Disney Animal Kingdom serve as which 'themed land' from the Magic Kingdom?
Main Street, U.S.A.
The Jungle Book 2 and Cheetah, have which organization in common?
Walt Disney Pictures
Dana White, a former driver for Moy Racing, is now the current president of what mixed martial arts organization?
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Which co-star from The Twins Effect was born on 7 October 1980 ?
Edison Chen
One track on Air Pocket features an artist who had a double album certified gold in what year?
1972
Harshvardhan Kapoor is the son of the actor of what nationality?
Indian
What do Anthony Green and Serj Tankian have in common?
singer
What was the original planned title for the Eminem album that features the song "No Love"?
Relapse 2
What unit from the Roman Army consisting of centuries enjoyed more prestige than the Roman navy?
Roman legion
The Atlanta Falcons drafted which player as the number one selection overall in 1966?
Thomas Henry Nobis Jr.
Which musician appeared with Eddie Vedder, Joanna Newsom or Temple of the Dog?
Temple of the Dog
When was the South Korean actress who starred in Herb as a 20-year-old woman with the mental and emotional skills of a seven-year-old born? 
January 4, 1982
Are Muscari and Cananga both genuses?
yes
Who directed the 2014 film in which Isobelle Molloy had her film debut?
Robert Stromberg
What college did The 1992 San Diego State Aztecs represent in the WAC?
San Diego State University
Are Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros and Frightened Rabbit both folk rock bands?
no
Hunter Henry is an American football tight end for a team founed in which year ?
1959
What was the nickname of this Romanian and authoritarian politician under whose regime the chief rabbi of Romania Alexandru Șafran succeeded in saving Jews during the Holocaust?
Conducător
Thomas Bignold was the founder of a company that was originally established in what year?
1797
Where is the university that Oscar Bruno teaches Applied & Computational Mathematics?
Pasadena, California, United States
Which documentary was first released, Call Me Lucky directed by Bobcat Goldwait or Undefeated by Daniel Lindsay and T.J. Martin?
Undefeated
Are Lynchburg Regional Airport and Flagstaff Pulliam Airport both in the same state?
no
Where is the American pop rock band which Nate Ruess is the lead singer based in 
New York City
Which non profit practice and medical research group based in Rochester, Minnesota was founded by William Worrall Mayo?
The Mayo Clinic
What is a cocktail containing apple vodka, lemonade and apple juice, 20th Century or Fizzy apple cocktail?
Fizzy Apple Cocktail
When was the magazine which featured Charles Dickens' "A House to Let" edited by him?
1850s
Who starred in the Netflix series "Stranger Things" and the cancelled series "Proof"?
Matthew Modine
What chain of discount stores last operated in 1990 and used Mammoth Mart for their prototype?
Zayre
Which position did both Jonathan Vilma and Darrell McClover play in football?
linebacker
Between the University of Queensland and Bahçeşehir University, which has more physical presence in the United States?
The University of Queensland
Which dog breed is an indigenous native of the Canary Islands. German Pinscher or Garafian Shepherd?
Garafian Shepherd
Where was the  private Catholic university which John Rokisky attended located? 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
In addition to the actor who made their debut in the Tree of Life, who else starred in Joe?
Nicolas Cage
Who portrayed Michael Bergen on the ABC sitcom "Two Guys and a Girl" that was in a film that featured a Classical Revival style house located in Bastrop, Texas?
Ryan Rodney Reynolds
Stewart Wingate is the chief executive of a major international airport 29.5 mi south of where?
Central London
Where did Kent Patterson play his home games until he became a free agent? 
Intrust Bank Arena
For which college football team did both Baker Mayfield and Trevor Knight play starting quarterback?
Oklahoma Sooners
Which American screen writer wrote the 2013 film including Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo and Paul Dano.
Aaron Guzikowski
Are Justin Hawkins and Stephen Jones both English ?
yes
The Crystal Palace Football Club Player of the Year is awarded at the end of each season, some players have won the award for a second time, the most recent being which  professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Crystal Palace, and the Ivory Coast national team?
Dazet Wilfried Armel Zaha
The Texas Revolution was fought between Texas settlers and a detachment of what?
Mexican army soldiers
What track by an American progressive bluegrass group from Colorado showed the influence of Deliverance?
"Comin' Round"
] The 2016 Philadelphia Eagles season began with which North Dakota State University player at quarterback?
Carson Wentz
In what year did the star of "Walking My Baby Back Home" die?
2003
Are Bruce Dickinson and Robin Zander both leader singers of a band?
yes
Good Scouts featured the voice of which actor, who also provided the voice of Daisy Duck?
Clarence Charles "Ducky" Nash
Which spanish national park extends into more communities:  The Picos de Europa National Park or Garajonay National Park
Garajonay National Park
Clark Duke of "The Office" and "Greek" also starred in a film based on the book "All the Way" written by what author?
Andy Behrens
Sky High starred the actress who is married to which actor?
John Travolta
Are the Albuquerque International Sunport and the Charleston International Airport both located in the US?
yes
"Making Today a Perfect Day" is a song from which 2015 Walt Disney Animation Studios computer-animated short film?
Frozen Fever
Which of these is has more episodes/books in the series, Storm Rider Clash of the Evils or Pettson and Findus?
Pettson and Findus
In the South Park episode "You're Getting Old" which follows "Ass Burgers", Stan celebrates which birthday?
tenth birthday
Who is is an American alternative rock group associated with the Los Angeles 1980s Paisley Underground scene, The Three O'Clock or South Cry?
The Three O'Clock
Who was a film producer in addition to being a screenwriter and film director, Enrique Carreras or Jacques Becker?
Enrique Carreras
Who has more musicals to be known for, Gordon Gano or James Dewar?
Gordon James Gano
What typhoon struck China in 2012 approached within 800 km of Hong Kong and posed a threat of deteriorating conditions in Hong Kong?
Typhoon Vicente
Kyle Chandler played in what 2015 romantic film dram based on the 1952 romance novel "The Price of Salt"?
Carol
What Jamaican boxer won against the author of "Rocky Ros Muc: Seán Ó Mainnín"?
Mike McCallum
The longest and largest glacier in France is smaller than what glacier in the Alps?
Aletsch Glacier
Jonathan A Rosenbaum directed an American action-comedy superhero series that was created by Leo Chu and who else?
Eric Garcia
What is the scientific name of the fungus studied byby Ann Gravatt?
Cryphonectria parasitica
What company manages the port for Adelaide Brighton Cement located in Klein Point?
Flinders Ports
What state park is one of New Hampshire's largest state parks and was home of murders of unidentified femaile victims that were partially or completely skeletonized?
Bear Brook State Park
Aleksandar Petrović is the brother of a professional basketball player that played in which position ?
shooting guard
Temple of the Night Hawk is a roller coaster in what country?
Germany
What date was the member of Cluster & Eno that did come from Cluster born on?
15 May 1948
Are Androlepis and Corymbia in the same botanical family?
no
What is the name of the woman enslaved by Thoams Jefferson who is the suject of the James Ivory film Jefferson in Pairs?
Sally Hemings
Which film maker is known for their documentation of violent actions of the Taliban and women's rights in Afghanistan, Erik Van Looy or Mary Ayubi?
Mary Ayubi
Phyllis Smith currently has a regular role on a Netflix series that stars Brit Marling in what role?
Prairie Johnson
What town part of the Heysen electoral district is located  in the Adelaide Hills, south-east of Adelaide?
Bridgewater
What is the name of the person who co-wrote the winning Russian entry for the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest with Jim Beanz?
Dima Bilan
What was the Title of the Beatles eight studio album, that featured English Footballer Albert Stubbins on the cover of the album?
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
What year was the car, which replaced the Toyota Carina, released?
1997
The UNIVAC LARC is a mainframe computer designed to a requirement published by a physicist born in what country?
Hungary
Which was founded first, Bertucci's or Jet's Pizza?
Jet's Pizza
Write the Future and Wayne Mark Rooney are both known for what sport?
football
Lexie Grey is a part of the ABC medical drama series that began airing on what date?
March 27, 2005
Where is the rental car company, for which Pamela Nicholson is President and Chief Executive Officer, headquartered?
Clayton, Missouri, United States
A senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution and a contributing editor of "The Atlantic" worked with a certain journal that is a research and advisory services company based in Washington, D.C. offering services in government affairs, advocacy communications and policy brands research, who is the President of this company?
Kevin Turpin
What American singer and actress had a love affair with Nelson Eddy?
Jeanette MacDonald
William Jay was an American reformer, jurist, and son of  an American statesman who directed U.S. foreign policy for much of what decade?
1780s
Joyce Keller has hosted a radio show on what Freeport, New York-licensed radio station since 1989?
WGBB
What party is Christine Hamiltons husband a member of?
UK Independence Party
What is the name of the one-act play centered on two characters from Chekhov and wrote by Irish dramatist, short story writer and founder of the Field Day Theatre Company Brian Friel?
Afterplay
Who directed the 2008 sex comedy film for which Leslie Morgenstein is a producer?
Sean Anders
What is the birth year of the actress that portrays Alex Drake?
1976
The 1985 World Snooker Championship final was contested between Steve Davis and which Northern Irish professional snooker player?
Dennis Taylor
Which American actress and singer played as Harlow in the remake of Red Dust "Mogambo?"
Ava Lavinia Gardner
WBCN is a digital-only radio station airing on WBZ-FM HD-2 in Boston, Massachusetts, it's known as "The Rock of Boston", its three main Boston-area competitors as of 2009 included WFNX, an alternative rock radio station in Boston, Massachusetts, that operated as a commercial broadcast radio station from 1983 until July 24, 2012, and was owned by which organization?
Phoenix Media/Communications Group
Which company released this album by the American heavy metal band Metallica that included the single accompanied by  "Phantom Lord" and "Seek & Destroy?"
Megaforce Records
Which IFC sketch comedy series did the May 21, 2016 host of "Saturday Night Live" co-create?
Portlandia
Intelligent Thought is a book co written by this famous American theorectical physicist?
Lee Smolin
Who is the group that recorded "Rapped in Romance" associated with?
Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, and Michel'le
In what year was the Chief Executive Officer of the company which owns The Buffalo News born?
1930
Which Dutch football manager and former midfielder managed Urby Vitorrio Diego Emanuelson?
Maarten Cornelis "Martin" Jol
When did construction begin on the stadium that hosted the K-1 World Grand Prix 2003 Final?
May 16, 1985
What company made a film produced by Karen Michele Dufilho-Rosen and directed by Jan Pinkava that won an Oscar?
Pixar
Dancing with the Stars includes the dancer and choreographer of what nationality as a judge?
American
What American actress and singer, played roles in the films "Trixie" and "Clueless"?
Brittany Murphy
Which American horror drama television series did Drew Nelson played Matt Sayles in
The Strain
What is considered to be one of the most important works of modernist literature and was translated by Stuart Gilbert?
Ulysses
What 2015 South Korean film did Bae Seong-woo star in that premiered at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival?
Office
How long was the career of the host of the game show  Three for the Money ?
approximately 60-year
What kind of art does Simon Brown and Thomas Tallis have in common?
music
The publisher of Forbes Magazine and founder of Forbes Museum of Tangier was whom?
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
What number album  by American country singer Johnny Cash features an American born April 5, 1940?
55th album
What is the population of the city in which Staffan Scheja was the awardee at the international Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition in 1975?
105,713
The actor that voiced Manny on the show "Handy Manny" serves as an executive producer on what reality tv show?
The Ricardo Laguna Project
Fascicularia and Aeonium are both genus which one is in the Crassulaceae family?
Aeonium
The Great Raid is a war film with Connie Nielson and directed by whom?
John Dahl
277 Park Avenue and Solow Building are almost the same height, but which is heighest?
Solow Building
Which plant has a larger area of distribution, Dryopteris or Calpurnia?
Dryopteris
Are both Belgrad Forest and Aynalıkavak Palace located in Turkey?
yes
Donovan McNabb was benched in favor of which former Florida State University College football player?
Christian Ponder
Which country's longest continuous deployment began because of intense political and sectarian rioting in Northern Ireland?
Britain
What village merged with Brederwiede in 1973 and is known as "Little Venice?"
Giethoorn
When was the town, located approximately 45 miles north-west of London where Gerald Eve LLP has offices, formally designated as a new town?
23 January 1967
In between Orson Scott Card and James Agee who won the author a posthumous 1958 Pulitzer Prize?
James Rufus Agee
The Cobra Killer was a part of the movement of which fusion-style music genre?
Digital hardcore
What is Zuffa, Which was founded by Frank Fertitta III?
American sports promotion company
What year was the compatriot of Memphis Depay who plays for Bayern Munich born?
1984
What is the middle name of the character played by Ellie Kemper in a leading TV role?
Couger
Which pizza restuarant was started furthest north in the states Snappy Tomato Pizza or Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana?
Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana
What is the real name of Godfather Don's collaborator on the album "The Cenobites"?
Keith Thornton
The Last Kiss stars what actor who appeared in "Lemon Sky" and "The Kennedys of Massachusetts"?
Casey Affleck
When was the album by Anime that featured an appearance from the artist who made "You Should Be Here" released?
July 28, 2017
The Bellagio casino is located in the largest city of what area?
greater Mojave Desert
The 2014 Belk Bowl was a game between Georgia Bulldogs and another team who were coached at the time by which head coach ?
Bobby Petrino
What religion was the school, in which Mandy Edwards graduated from, founded on?
Methodist
Besides Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church what other institution did D. James Kennedy found in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA?
Westminster Academy
Paul Stephen Rudd (born April 6, 1969) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer, he's known for his starring roles in the film Wanderlust. an American comedy film directed by David Wain, starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd, as a married couple who try to escape modern society by finding themselves on a commune in Georgia, after the economy crashes down on their dreams in New York City, was released in which year?
2012
Did James A. Michener publish books under a different name like John Griffith Chaney did as Jack London?
no
What part of Oklahoma does the 2nd congressional district, represented by  MarkWayne Mullin, include?
eastern part of the state outside of Tulsa
The ANT-8 was an experimental flying boat designed by a pioneering aircraft designer of what nationality?
Soviet
Which Ali G series star is also an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and producer?
Sacha Baron Cohen
Which profession does Boris Barnet have in common with Baltasar Kormákur?
director
Who wrote the memoir from which the 2014 British biographical romantic drama starring English actor  Vincenzo Leonardo "Enzo" Cilenti was adapted?
Jane Wilde Hawking
When was the winner of the 2016 Home Run Derby born ?
November 8, 1989
Have Laura Jane Grace and Alex Band both been members of a band?
yes
The music an dlyrics for A Christmas Story: The Musical were written by what American songwriting duo whose work also includes Dogfight and Edges?
Pasek and Paul
Who played the title role in the lost silent film based on a tragedy first performed in 1607 by the King's Men?  
Theda Bara
When was the lead designer of the Lockheed Starfighter born?
February 27, 1910
What Indian singer, widely regarded as having revived Punjabi duet songs, starred in the Punjabi film, Ishq Garaari?
Miss Pooja
Which of the retailer who sells Legare Furniture is  headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, United States?
Kmart
The actor that played Primo Sidone in "Analyze This" also starred with Paul Sorvino in a 2013 film directed by who?
David Rodriguez
What kind of group does Amstrad and BBC Micro have in common?
company
What did the actor who played Cameron in 10 Things I Hate About You play on 3rd Rock from the Sun?
Tommy Solomon
Which borders Vietnam, Hekou Yao Autonomous County or Lhasa City?
It is part of the Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture and borders the northern Vietnamese town of Lào Cai.
What is the full name of the American musician who released the album "This Way" in 2001?
Jewel Kilcher
In which state's mountain region lay the famous peak that inspired the bestselling novel "Cold Mountain?"
North Carolina
Who directed the supernatural horror film written by Tom Lazarus?
Rupert Wainwright
Chase Family Arena at Reich Family Pavilion, has how many seats, the multi-purpose arena in West Hartford, Connecticut, it hosted the 2010 and 2011 America East Conference?
4,017-seat
Moy Yat, was a Chinese martial artist, painter, seal maker, teacher and author, he was a student of the legendary Wing Chun Kung-Fu teacher Yip Man, also romanized as, which Chinese martial artist, and a master teacher of Wing Chun?
Ip Man
Where is the university that the Commodores football team represents located?
Nashville, Tennessee
Lauren Wood is a singer-songwriter who is most notable for the single Fallen, which was used in a 1990 American romantic comedy starring Richard Gere and who else?
Julia Roberts
What is the difference in genre between The Fighting Prince of Donegal and The Graveyard Book?
children's fantasy novel
Who has more scope of profession, Paul Valéry or Studs Terkel?
Louis "Studs" Terkel
What was the nationality of the painter, sculptor, writer and musician that was known for publishing theories and artist books as well as a collection of poems?
Swiss-German
The 2015 Clemson Tigers football team represented Clemson University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season, ranked No. 1 throughout the College Football Playoff (CFP) rankings, Clemson defeated the No. 4 Oklahoma Sooners, 37–17, in which college football bowl game that was played on December 31, 2015 at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida?
2015 Capital One Orange Bowl
The Church of the Presidents is a former Episcopal chapel where Woodrow Wilson worshipped; he was the first Southerner elected to the presidency since what President?
Zachary Taylor
On what date was the star of Resurrection Men born?
19 October 1954
What is the name for communities who live, have lived, either by choice or by circumstance, without significant contact with global civilization for which the Terra Indigena Xinane Isolades was dedicated to these Indians?
Uncontacted peoples
Halstead C. Fowler was a survivor of the incident that took place beginning on what date?
April 9, 1942
Escape from Hell! is ispired by which 1990 psychological horror film?
Jacob's Ladder
The 2010 American comedy-drama film Peep World stars which actress who also appeared in "Dune" (1984) and "Twin Peaks" (1990)?
Alicia Witt
The magazine Mothering, and news publication Foreign Policy share which nationality? 
American
Xinjiang University is a national key university, and The University of California, San Diego is what?
a public research university
Benjamin Furly was a friend of a philosopher born in what year ?
1632
What year were the films Hero of the Rails and Superman/Batman: Public Enemies released?
2009
Who coached the team who the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner played for?
Zach Azzanni
Which university founded in 1818 is the oldest university west of the Mississippi River: Saint Louis University or Marquette University? 
Saint Louis University
"Letting In the Jungle" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which continues the adventures of a fictional character from which country ?
India
Cliff Clavin was a character on the show that was produced by what company?
Charles/Burrows/Charles Productions
What type of college is the Atlanta, Georgia Morehouse College  and where it puts an emphasis on undergraduate study in the liberal arts and sciences?
liberal arts college
Who produced this 2006 American science fiction thriller film directed by the English film director and producer of "Top Gun" (1986)?
Jerry Bruckheimer
What time of game is Aberrant which is also a type that Onyx Path Publishing produces?
role-playing game
How many versions of a decree issued at Memphis, Egypt was the key to deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs for the French historian in the early attempts?
three versions
What county is The Northland Arboretum located in?
Crow Wing County
The 1997 American romantic comedy with Matt Dillon, Debbie Reynolds, etc. stars which American actress who also voiced which role in the "Toy Story" franchise?
Jessie
Are both Paul L. Stein and Alexandre Rockwell involved in the film industry?
yes
What bank was featured in The Counterfeiters film which is the central bank of the United Kingdom?
Bank of England
When was the debut album of rapper Immortal Technique released?
September 18, 2001
April Ludgate was portrayed by what American comedian and actress born in 1984
Aubrey Plaza
Where is the headquarters of the publishing house that printed Sarah Gerard's "Binary Star"?
Columbus, Ohio
Which game can have more players, Diplomacy or Space Hulk?
Diplomacy
In which state was the band who released The Summer EP formed?
Missouri
What descent is the director of Jihad: A Story of the Others?
Punjabi/Pashtun
Bernhard Stavenhagen and Franz Liszt, share which occupations?
composer and conductor
What position does the football player that stars in State Farm commercials play as?
quarterback
Which band, Marianas Trench or Car Seat Headrest, signed to Matador Records in 2015?
Car Seat Headrest
The Muscogee language (Mvskoke in Muscogee), also known as Creek, Seminole, Maskókî or Muskogee, is a Muskogean language spoken by Muscogee (Creek) and people of which  Native American people originally from Florida, primarily in the U.S. states of Oklahoma and Florida?
Seminole
The Dunvegan Cup is a wooden ceremonial cup, decorated with silver plates, which dates to 1493, the cup is an heirloom of the Macleods of Dunvegan, and is held at their seat located where, 1 mi to the north of Dunvegan, on the Isle of Skye, off the west coast of which country?
Scotland
What is the name of the main rival of the group that Stephen Tse had heavy ties to? 
Sun Yee On
What German word is used to describe the decorating style of the Museum David and Alice van Buuren?
Gesamtkunstwerk
Taylor Swift released a music video from the song that was released on September 12, 2008 on what record label?
Big Machine Records
la faniciulla del west by giacomo is also known as which musical western film by David Belasco?
The Girl of the Golden West
Are both Halldór Laxness and Daphne du Maurier English?
no
What was the middle name of the man who wrote the books that inspired the TV spin-off Thomas and Friends?
Vere
Near what river was German and Canadian professional poker player born?
Rhine
Which Nobel Prize winner called Barry Goldwater a "blustery, threatening man?"
Harold Urey
What influenced architect Andrea Palladio, designer of the Palazzo Antonini, Udine?
Roman and Greek architecture, primarily by Vitruvius
What fighter-wing pilot was one of the top three scoring flying aces of all time and exceed 300 confirmed victories?
Gerhard Barkhorn
Where does the national team for which Félix Salinas played, host most of it's home football matches ?
Estadio Nacional in Lima,
Who was the pro dance partner of the actor and writer of The 15:17 to Paris when he competed on Dancing With the Stars?
Lindsay Arnold
What are both Calliandra and Thalia?
plants
Which magazine publishes a ranking of colleges and universities, Red Herring or Washington Monthly?
Washington Monthly
Which board game won the Jeu de l'année prize, Hijara or Concept?
Concept
Pueraria and Saponaria, are native to which mutual country?
Asia
Which 3D stop-motion-animated fantasy horror comedy film directed by Tim Burton?
Frankenweenie
Humphrey (VII) de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford (1276 – 16 March 1322) was a member of a powerful Anglo-Norman family of the Welsh Marches and was one of the Ordainers who opposed the excesses of Edward II, he was King of England from 1307 until he was deposed in January, of which year?
1327
Which documentary was released first, The Creators or Faces of Death?
Faces of Death
What 5th century British people originally used the Bishop of Ramsbury title?
Anglo-Saxons
Which computer was released first, Digi-Comp I or LNW-80?
Digi-Comp I
Little Miss Marker is a 1980 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Walter Bernstein, based on a short story by Damon Runyon, was an American newspaperman, and short story writer, born in which year?
1880
What battle was Victory Garden built to commemorate?
Battle of Macau
What kind of games are both Twin Tin Bots and Blockade?
board game
What American radical terrorist had her sentence commuted by a former Arkansas governor?
Linda Sue Evans
Summer of ’98: When Homers Flew, Records Fell, and Baseball Reclaimed America is written by a sports columnist for a newspaper founded in what year?
1919
Bebe Neuwirth, who narrates the film "Ingredients", first became known on which TV show?
Cheers
What city is the actor that plays Takashi Komuoro in the Japanese series known as Apocalyptic Academy: Highschool of the Dead?
Tokyo
What is the birthday of the actor who plays Stinky Pete in a 1999 Disney sequel?
February 21, 1955
Which movie was filmed first, The Barefoot Executive or Honey, I Blew Up the Kid?
The Barefoot Executive
Who is the fictional American writer of romance novels that the CBS show, Sins, is based on?
Judith Gould
Which actor, who is well known for their role in "Brothers & Sisters", starred in the 2009 miniseries Iron Road?
Luke Macfarlane
Discosis is the second album from a group founded by who ?
DJ James Di Salvio and E.P. Bergen
Both Tar Creek made in 2009 and The Story of Stuff a short animation about the lifecycle of material goods are what category of film?
documentary
The actor responsible for introducing the underground language polari to the British public, starred with Kenneth Williams in what show from 1965 to 1968?
Round the Horne
Can both Brain Chain and Camp Granada be played by a single player?
no
John Hannah had a film appearance in the 1998 film directed by whom?
Peter Howitt
Ray McCarey and Florian Gallenberger, have which mutual occupation?
film director
What years would Lyman James Briggs have been the director of the National Bureau of Standards, if he was a  a director of the National Bureau of Standards during the Great Depression?
mostly during the 1930s
Who won the Americana music award for duo/group of the year, Raul Malo or Nick Gilder?
Raúl Malo
Who was born earlier, Ray Wilson or Kevin Cronin?
Kevin Patrick Cronin
XHamster is the third most popular pornography site after what other site registered to WGCZ Holding?
XVideos
Goldfinger v. Feintuch (276 N.Y. 281) was a 1936/1937 a court case, in what city, that set a legal precedent in the area of labor law, namely that union members were free to peacefully protest, at the retail location, the retail sale of wholesale products that were manufactured by non-union employees, Wholesaling, jobbing, or distributing is the sale of goods or merchandise to retailers; to industrial, commercial, institutional, or other professional business users; or to other wholesalers and related subordinated services?
New York
The Bolivar Commercial is a newspaper with its headquarters in Cleveland, Cleveland is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, in which country?
United States
Which American Christian metal band from Orange County realeased Against the Law
Stryper
The album Analog Man featuring artists such as Richard Wayne Penniman was the whose first solo album in 20 years?
Joe Walsh
When was the Australian-born British disc jockey died in who's signatures tune was "At the Sign of the Swingin' Cymbal"?
27 November 2006
Who created the series starred in by an actor that became known for portraying Jesse Swanson in a musical film?
Bill Lawrence and Greg Malins
When was the studio album which has Computer Love on it released? 
May 10, 1981
Susumu Ito was assigned to which Japanese-American part of the US Army Reserve?
442nd Regimental Combat Team
Lincliff was built by a man who was president of what company for 28 years?
Belknap Hardware and Manufacturing Company
What is the name of the trilogy in which Pegg plays a man attempting  to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend, his mother and stepfather?
The Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy
Which president of Queens College, Cambridge, was also a member of the theological critical realism community?
John Polkinghorne
Aviadvigatel OJSC, is a developer and builder of aeroengine like Turbofan and Gas Turbine based on Perm Engine Plant , notably for which twin-engined medium-range jet airliner capable of carrying 210 passengers, designed by Tupolev, and produced by Aviastar SP, and Kazan Aircraft Production Association?
Tupolev Tu-204
Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester supported a revolution to over throw King James II of England in what year?
1688
The winner of season 21 of "Dancing with the Stars" (U.S.) is a star of a web series, Where this series was filmed ?
Australia
The French Furze and Tony McCoy are both from what country?
Ireland
Who was born first, Jon Amiel or Wilfred Noy?
Wilfred Noy
When was the second most successful fighter ace of all time died who was after Erich Hartmann and before Günther Rall?
8 January 1983
What nationality are both William C. deMille and Andrew Stanton?
American
What is the former name of the rail service to which the Northern City Line belongs?
Great Northern Electrics
When was the artist who did the cover art of The Savage Frontier born?
August 5, 1948
What former member of the United States House of Representatives took over as president and CEO of The Association of American Publishers?
Thomas Hodge "Tom" Allen
Which team to which Jeff Green was traded were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington?
Seattle SuperSonics
Charlotte Perkins Gilman wrote a autobiography with how many words?
6,000-word
Tom McCarthy and Bertrand Blier, are American?
no
Which tennis player is older, Mariaan de Swardt or John Peers? 
Mariaan de Swardt
Nolan Derek Smith was drafted 21st overall by who at the 2011 NBA Draft on June 23,2011 at Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey?
Portland Trail Blazers
Who has written a novel most recently, Thomas Wolfe or Michael Frayn?
Michael Frayn
Nuevo Palacio Aurinegro and Puerto Madryn are in what country?
Argentina
Who produced the Argentine drama on which Caer en tentación is based ? 
Telefe Contenidos
Which retail outlet that sells Coghlan's camping gear bills itself as Canada's largest supplier of outdoor equipment?
Mountain Equipment Co-op
Who wrote and directed the 2013 film Liars All starring Sara Paxton?
Brian Brightly
What husband and wife country music and pop songwriting team were well known for a song associated with the Tennessee Volunteers of the University of Tennessee (UT)?
Felice and Boudleaux Bryant
The Chinese compendium that contains the "Neiye" is traditionally attributed to what statesman?
Guan Zhong
The half sister of Paige Smith began her career as what character?
Felicity Scully
The 71st annual Venice International Film Festival took place in Venice, Italy between 27 August to 6 September 2014, Joshua Oppenheimer, won the Silver Lion Grand Jury Prize for which 2014 internationally co-produced documentary film, about the Indonesian killings of 1965–66?
The Look of Silence
Kansas City Kansan serves a county that had how many inhabitants in the 2010 census ?
157,505
Who wrote the song "When I'm Sixty-Four?
Paul McCartney
Franz Kafka and Wilfred Owen, wrote in German?
no
The Film Captain Corelli's Mandolin was directed by John Madden and featured costumes by Alexandra Byrne who won an Academy Award for her work in which film?
Elizabeth: The Golden Age
Loxosceles deserta is a spider that is now a member of what family?
Sicariidae
A 1998 slasher film directed by Jamie Blanks that focuses on murders at a private New England university stars a former Noxzema model born in what year?
1971
Who founded the American film and television production company which produced the film which was FilmDistrict's first theatrical release?
Jason Blum
Which book in "The Mayfair Witches" series includes Lestat?
Blackwood Farm
Who was born first, Georgy Voronoy or Lev Schnirelmann? 
Georgy Feodosevich Voronoy
CeeLo Green and Eric Bazilian are both musicians from what country?
American
The famous australian singer, songwriter who starred in 'Date Movie', 'Click' and 'Spring Breakdown' soon to be sharing the judges panel in Australia's Got Talent with Eddie Perfect, Kelly Osbourne and which other panelist?
Ian "Dicko" Dickson
Which architectural development had more towers, 80 Flatbush or Latting Observatory?
80 Flatbush
24 Frames was posthumously showed at the film festival that took place during which time frame?
17 to 28 May 2017
What BBC shows did Jimi Mistry who also appeared in the 2006 war thriller Blood Diamonds appear in?
"EastEnders" and "Coronation Street"
Los pájaros was released by the co-founder of which band?
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs
The Robbie Williams album "Live at Knebworth" is a compilation of songs performed during shows at a festival that began in what year?
1974
What American musician, of the bands Pinhead Gunpower and Green Day, created the record label Adeline Records?
Billie Joe Armstrong
All India Bakchod Knockout (abbreviated as AIB Knockout) was a roast comedy show that was held in Mumbai by All India Bakchod starring Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor, is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films, born on which date?
26 June 1985
which district of Chūō, Tokyo, did Tokyo Expressway runs in a semicircular loop around
Ginza
Are Something Corporate and Ultra Vivid Scene both American rock bands?
yes
Earl Slick is a guitarist known for his collaboration with various artists including an English actor, voice actor, comedian, and singer born when?
19 April 1946
What is the Joukowsky transform designed by  Father of Russian Aviation Nikolai Zhukovsky?
a conformal map
In what year was the coach of the 2005 Wisconsin Badgers born?
1946
Professional Golfer from Argentina was how old when he won the 1967 Open Championship?
44
Os Lusíadas is frequently compared to a poem by Virgil written in which language ?
Latin
The Northway Shopping Center  in Colonie, New York is located across Central Avenue from an enclosed shopping mall opened in what year?
1966
Are the cities of Leping and Panzhihua both located in China?
yes
Vanessa Bell Calloway appeared in a 1995 American submarine film directed by who?
Tony Scott
Who was born earlier, Thomas Wolfe or Margaret Wilson?
Margaret Wilson
Shinee, is a South Korean boy group, formed by S.M. Entertainment in which year, the group is composed of five members, including Lee Jin-ki , better known by his stage name Onew, is a South Korean singer and actor?
2008
What company produced both Bambi and Nikki, Wild Dog of the North?
Walt Disney
After the 1995 season, the Arizona Cardinals fired their head coach who also served as the head coach of what other team?
Philadelphia Eagles
"Finest Worksong" is the third and final single released from which American rock band that formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1980, and their fifth studio album "Document"? 
R.E.M.
A film directed by Randal Kleiser starred an actor who appeared in what television show besides Key West?
Miami Vice
How many copies have been sold of a four book series featuring Bella Swan and Edward Cullen?
over 100 million
What team won a match where a goal was scored by a player nicknamed "The BFG"?
Arsenal
What was the former name of the building where the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were debated and adopted?
Pennsylvania State House
What genre of music  did Loudest Whisper debut on a vinyl record format characterized by a speed of 33 ⁄ rpm, a 12 or 10 inch (30 or 25 cm) diameter, and use of the "microgroove" groove specification?
Irish folk rock/progressive
The football award given to college football's most outstanding tight end is named for a player who played for which university?
Syracuse University
Which of the bands has more members, Marching Band or  The Whigs?
The Whigs
When was the lead actress from White Noise: The Light born?
April 8, 1980
Who was born earlier Alan Moore or Samuel R. Delany ?
Samuel Ray Delany
Which star from Attack on Titan was born on 15 October 1990?
Kiko Mizuhara
What town in Warren County, New York did painter Henry Augustus Loop die?
Lake George, New York
Who was born first, English rock guitarist Ginger or Scottish recording artist Sharleen Spiteri?
Ginger
In what sci-fi thriller could one find the actress who played Hadley on True Blood starring beside Michael Biehn?
Deep Red
Matti Alahuhta is a Member of the Board of Directors for what corporation that is headquartered in Zürich, Switzerland?
ABB Group
How many times does the song writer of "Love or Leave" have participated in the Eurovision Song Contest?
18 times
Trevor Carlin has had success in the junior motorsport formulas in a period spanning over 25 years, As Team Manager of Bowman Racing, he assembled a talented group of engineers,  in the team's first three seasons and won the 1989 Macau Grand Prix, a motor-racing event held annually in Macau, one of China's Special Administrative Regions, with who driving?
David Brabham
When the View-Master was the official film of Disneyland in the 1970s, an actor whose career spanned how many decades was its spokesman?
five
What was the name of the single Shaggy and Susan Aceron released in 2000 called?
It Wasn't Me
What album made the hit tv show Wings famous is 1975?
Venus and Mars
The actor that plays the character Charlie Babbit in "Rain Main" has been nominated for how many Academy Awards?
three
What is the nationality of the early theologian who has rejected the idea of no-limit omnipotence ?
Italian
What job or title did Antonín Dvořák and Giacomo Puccini both have?
composer
Adrian Martinez stars in a serires of State Farm commercials alongside an American football quarterback for what team?
Green Bay Packers
What was the name of the fourth episode of the 28 episode long season of an American animated television series?
Peeps
Which of the two creators of Thunder was born on October 19th, 1961?
Michael "Mike" Manley
The Battle of Aclea between the West Saxons lead by Æthelwulf and the Danish Vikings resulted in which side winning?
West Saxon
The mother of Archduchess Elisabeth Marie of Austria, was born on which day ?
21 May 1864
Serious Tubes Networks has been known to host what Swedish index of digital content?
The Pirate Bay
What cricket batting stroke, which hits the cricket ball over the keeper, was invented by Tillakaratne Dilshan during the ICC World Twenty20 in 2009?
The Dilscoop
Terephthaloyl chlorideis the acid chloride of terephthalic acid and is one of two monomers used to make a para-aramid synthetic fiber related to other aramids such as Nomex and what
Technora
What is the 2010 census population of the community where Faith Lutheran Middle School & High School is located?
nearly 100,000
What series has 80 episodes confirmed for season 1 and stars an actress from the series "La rosa de Guadalupe?"
Soy Luna
 Edom appears in written sources relating to the late Bronze Age and to the Iron Age in  a geographical term that refers to a large area in Southwest what?
Asia
The Red Pian Tour by Sir Elton John originated at a theatre that seats how many people?
4,296
Who was born later, Tomáš Šmíd or Frew McMillan?
Tomáš Šmíd
What movie about three brothers starred Brad Pitt and an actor from Bennie and Joon?
Legends of the Fall
Walter Lippmann and Rainer Maria Rilke, are both American?
no
Drowned World Tour was in support of which 2000 Madonna album?
Music
Park Holme, South Australia is adjacent to the southern suburb of Adelaide in what local area?
City of Marion
Are both Polish Lowland Sheepdog and Large Münsterländer native to the same country?
no
Which of the following helped launch the travel search website Hipmunk: Sam K. Harrison or Alexis Ohanian?
Alexis Kerry Ohanian
which university has the highest number of graduated students University of Texas at Austin or  Minnesota State University, Mankato 
Minnesota State University, Mankato
What former Secretary of Labor often has articles published in the news website Common Dreams?
Robert Reich
What 1995 Australian-American comedy-drama film, features the voice of American voice actress, Christine Cavanaugh?
Babe
All Signs Point to Lauderdale is the second single from the album What Separates Me from You, which is by what band from Ocala, Florida, that was founded in 2003?
A Day to Remember
Live at McCabe's is a live album released by which genre and country, singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt in 1995, which genre  music includes both traditional music, and the genre that evolved from it during the 20th century folk revival?
Folk music
Some of Droga5’s most recognizable work includes campaigns for an American fashion designer who founded what in 2002?
"Complex" magazine
In which US state is Henry County, which contains the cities of New Castle and Eminence, and Drennon Creek which flows into the river that shares the state's name?
Kentucky
What did Abdul Rashid Khan perform that is associated with the dhrupad style?
dhamar
Who is the first Irish professional mixed martial artist to hold two UFC championship titles in two different divisions?
Conor McGregor
how is Nicholas Llewelyn Davies and Peter and Wendy related?
play
When did the artist that was in the Stray Cats and the Brian Setzer Orchestra release his eleventh album?
2003
The PU scope (ПУ, прицел укороченный, 'Scope short-cut' in comparison to PE scope) is a sniper scope of Soviet manufacture, widely used on the Mosin–Nagant and which Soviet semi-automatic battle rifle?
SVT-40
Which American filmmaker directed Creature, William Malone or Lynn Reynolds?
William Malone
How many meta states does the first isotope to be synthesized in Am in 1944 have?
one
John G. West helped found the neo-creationist religious campaign for broad social, academic and political change to promote and support the pseudoscientific idea of intelligent design and main hub of the Intelligent design movement from what area-based Discovery Institute?
Seattle-based
Who wrote the novel  a film directed by Stacie Passon and starring an actress who began her career in "Higher Ground" is based on?
Shirley Jackson
Which opera premiered first, Die Entführung aus dem Serail or Lohengrin?
Die Entführung aus dem Serail
The 2015 CampingWorld.com 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race that was held on which date, at Phoenix International Raceway in Avondale, Arizona, Kurt Thomas Busch, helped rounded out the top five, an American professional stock car racing driver, and currently drives the No. 41 Ford Fusion for Stewart-Haas Racing in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series? 
March 15, 2015
"I Hope You Dance" won which group that was founded in 1958 in Nashville, Tennessee?
Country Music Association
How wide is the country which has Jenkovce  as a village in the east side? 
49000 km2
Cabañeros National Park and Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park are both located in which country?
Spain
Do Edward Laemmle and Dan Schneider share the same nationality?
yes
What is the real name of the Prussian Lithuanian poet and philosopher who came up with the idea of the religious movement Baltic Neopaganism?
Wilhelm Storost
Madeleine Sherwood starred as Mae in what 1962 film based on a Tennessee Williams play?
Sweet Bird of Youth
Eric Matthews was a character from the "Saw" movie directed by whom?
Darren Lynn Bousman
Is Jean Cocteau's full name longer than Tim Robbins' full name?
yes
Are  Davallia and Fenestraria both names of plants?
yes
"Meet Me in the Morning" is a blues song featured in a movie directed by who ?
Sam Mendes
Where is the main training base and college for the land based Irish Army?
The Curragh Camp
What was the producer of "I Love How You Love Me" convicted of in the 2000s?
murder
Callirhoe and Dischidia are both genus of plants and one is known as poppy mallows, which?
Callirhoe
What  English rock band from York, North Yorkshire lead by lead singer Danny Worsnop has shared the stage with the band One Last Breath?
Asking Alexandria
Between Frankenweenie and Coco, which film was released earlier?
Frankenweenie
Merrion Hotel the reputed birthplace of a soldier who defeated Napoleon at what battle?
Battle of Waterloo
What was the Japanese name for the game system that Contra III: The Alien Wars was re-released on in 2017?
Nintendo Classic Mini: Super Famicom
What is the birthplace for the DJ who released the album Rising from the East?
Delhi, India
 Lieutenant (j.g.) Ralph McMaster Rich (1916–1942), was a fighter pilot who was awarded the Navy Cross for his leadership on an aircraft carrier, that launched in what year?
1936
What was the first Cannibal Corpse album to feature former Nevermore guitarist, and former touring musician with the thrash metal band Slayer?
Gallery of Suicide
Who starred in the 1982 American science fiction action-adventure film written and directed by Steven Lisberger?
Cindy Morgan
Are the Genii Sequoia and Alpinia native to America ?
no
Who appointed the author of DIRECTV, Inc. v. Imburgia to the Supreme Court?
Bill Clinton
In what city and country are the headquarters of the airline that took over Avensa's routes located?
Caracas, Venezuela
Are La púrpura de la rosa and Semiramide both operas?
yes
Where was the  clothing corporation at which Jim Brett has previously held position headquartered? 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Mustang television and cinema promoted which brand of Irish dry stout beer?
Guinness
Who stars as the concierge in the film that opened the 64th Berlin International Film Festival?
Ralph Fiennes
Iarla Ó Lionáird sang "Casadh an tSugain" in a 2015 film based on a novel by what author?
Colm Tóibín
Both Gustave Francoise Lussi and Dorothy Hamill were a part of what Olympic sport?
figure skating
In how many wars has the United States employed the recruitment method that was protested by Thomas E. O'Donnell?
four
"A Dark Knight: The Fear Reaper" is the second episode of the fourth season, of the American television series "Gotham", based on characters, from which company?
DC Comics
What is the geographic area within Unguja where handmade cosmetics and food products made by Zanzibari women are sold?
the western coast of Unguja
Saulo Cavalari, is a Brazilian light heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Thai Brasil team in Curitiba, Paraná, one of the 26 states of which country?
Brazil
Cat's Eye is a Japanese pop group, MAX's 32nd single is a cover of Anri's 1983 which Japan musical genre classic of the same name?
J-pop
Are both Philip Larkin and Nuruddin Farah English?
no
N' My Neighborhood is an album by a rapper who was born in what year?
1967
Da Big Show was set to replace a show that aired on which broadcasting system ?
the Tokyo Broadcasting System
What FOX show has starred the actor who played Kelby in the 2002 film "Brown Sugar"
The Last Man on Earth
The first performance of the opera "Lord Byron" was choreophraphed by a man that was awarded the Spingarn Medal in what year?
1977
What was the nationality of the namesake of the Foucault crater?
French
"Kaun Tujhe" is picturised upon Sushant Singh Rajput and which Indian film actress and model who appears in Hindi and Telugu films?
Disha Patani
What is the name of this cat internet celebrity, born in 2012, who made an appearance at the Internet Cat Video Festival?
Grumpy Cat
With the Patriots, D. J. Foster won an American football game that was played on Sunday, February 5, 2017, in what stadium?
NRG Stadium
What University located in West Yorkshire, England did S. Barry Cooper attend?
University of Leeds
Hartshead Moor services is a motorway service station on an west–east trans-Pennine motorway that is how long?
107 mi
Surfrider is located at the water park owned by what company?
Village Roadshow Theme Parks
Between which two dates would Jayne Mansfield's show "The House of Love" had to have taken place?
May 23, 1955 to January 26, 1993
What is the capital city of the country where Gábor Pankotai is from?
Budapest
What city are Davidson's and Rich's department stores?
Atlanta
Are Hoodia and Monardella both plant genus names?
yes
The 1906 Michigan Agricultural Aggies football team represented Michigan Agricultural College (MAC) in the 1906 college football season, in which year, under head coach Chester Brewer, an American football, basketball, baseball, and track and field coach and athletic director?
fourth
Which American Indie Rock Band created Take Offs and Landings?
Rilo Kiley
What new policy suspened former Baltimore Orioles playerRafael Palmeiro?
steroid policy
What relative to former NFL quarterback Peyton Manning has been a sport client of Greater Talent Network?
Eli Manning
What is this labor union in North America that had over a million members in 2013 and also worked with the insurance agency owner, and consultant Allen Dorfman?
International Brotherhood of Teamsters
Marlon King was a striker and stop scorer for Watford which played in what league?
Premier League
McCarran International Airport and Niagara Falls International Airport, are located in which country?
U.S.
Childe Byron is a 1977 play about a poet born in what year?
1788
When was the German vocalist born who had lineup with Dawn Road?
25 May 1948
Stephen Bragg had his song covered on an album by what band? 
Oysterband
When was Bugsy Noonan's father head of the criminal organziation?
during the 1980s and 1990s
Which artist who has used the services of Rob Persaud was also part of The Saturdays?
Mollie King
Are both Der Freischütz and Der Barbier von Bagdad operas?
yes
This New Zealand comedian, actor, musician and producer best known for the Flight of the Conchords along with Jemaine Clement contributed to this film written by Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller and starring Amy Adams, which is directed by whom?
James Bobin
Which tennis player Anna-Lena Grönefeld or Mats Wilander turned professional first ?
Mats Wilander
What was the population of the city east of Guist Creek Lake in 2010?
14,045
The Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft is a derivative of another Russian plane thats international name is what?
T-50
which  Croatian-Canadian businessman offers Cinnaholic  $200,000 
Robert Herjavec
Linhai and Pingquan, are located in which country?
China
Unnai Charanadaindhen features a soundtrack by which Guinness World Record holder for having the most songs recorded?
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam
What singer who was a member of the Buckaroos wrote a song that peaked at number 2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart?
Buck Owens
Along with Barrow Hematite Steel Company Limited, what was the other major target of the Barrow Blitz?
VSEL shipyard
The most famous and often parodied poem by Joyce Kilmer was written in what verse structure?
iambic tetrameter
How many acres is the district in Selma where  the most popular style of house in the Southern United States from the end of the American Civil War (1861–65) through the 1920s be found?
323
Which game was published by Gigamic Games, Pirate's Cove or Quoridor?
Quoridor
What TV channel based in Karachi, Pakistan airs the television series Mehram?
Hum TV
Which is the largest Dutch supermarket chain that operates stores in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands?
Albert Heijn
Which is a real estate company, Newell Brands or Regency Centers Corporation?
Regency Centers Corporation
What symbol did Oswald Mosley's 1930s British Union of Fascists use, and his later groups the Union Movement and National Party of Europe?
Flash and Circle
When was Herbert Blöcker's native province captured by Prussia and the Austrian Empire?
1864
Matt Harrigan produces what animated sitcom about a about a walking pair of buttocks working as a police detective ?
Assy McGee
The House at Pooh Corner (1928), is the second volume of stories about Winnie-the-Pooh, and is notable for the introduction of the character Tigger, and written by who?
A. A. Milne
Eric Estornel, better known by his stage names Maceo Plex and Maetrik, is an American DJ, producer and DJ Awards winner , he is best known for diverse production style, influenced primarily by house and techno but also tech house, as well as a longtime performer for many Ibiza-based clubs, including Space, was a Superclub on the island of Ibiza, Spain from 1986 to 2016, owned by who?.
STANCA
Does Alex Chilton or Big Kenny sing country music songs?
Big Kenny
Who is the head coach of the basketball team for the public research university in Missoula, Montana, in the United States?
Travis DeCuire
The world's largest global airline alliances in which United is a founding member was founded when?
14 May 1997
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which The Flamingo Park Historic Residential District is located?
100,343
Which American businesswoman and principal owner of the Buffalo Bills was Pegula Ice Arena named after.
Kim Pegula
Are both Qidong, Jiangsu and Jiayuguan City county-level cities?
no
In what political party does Paul Ryan and "The Path to Prosperity Proposal" both come from?
Republican Party
Of what nationality are both Dentsply Sirona and Omnicom Group?
American
Gelsey Kirkland created the lead role in Balanchine's revival of what ballet by Igor Stravinsky?
The Firebird
Brian Magee won a bronze medal at which Kuala Lumpur 1998 competition?
1998 Commonwealth Games
Who is a left-handed batsman and has a cousin who plays for Griqualand West?
Ryan McLaren
What is the name of the tournament that was formed by the Big 12 Conference that led to the Nebraska-Texas rivalry?
Big 12 Championship Game
American novelist, Mark Powell, is the author of the the novel "The Dark Corner", and serves as what for the private four-year co-education liberal arts college, Lincoln Memorial University?
fiction workshop leader
Are Adriano Panatta and Kevin Ullyett both Italian tennis players?
no
What borough of New York City was Ben Jeby from?
Manhattan
Who supervised the FBI operation that the movie American Hustle was inspired by?
Neil J. Welch
Which guest on VH1's Big in '06 is also known by her nickname New York?
Tiffany Pollard
Was British barrister and detective story writer Sarah Caudwell or American writer Laurie Colwin known for her portrayals of New York society and food columns?
Sarah Caudwell
Which left handed international cricketer was involved in Spot-fixing allegations, leading to Asad Shafiq being selected?
Mohammad Amir
18 Days is a single that was also used in the iPhone OS game that had music created by whom?
Nate True
What artist released an album in 2016, produced by a member of Detroit rap group D12?
Torae
Where is the University, for which Julius Cherry Powell was the seventh president, located ?
Richmond
What professional road bicycle racer from the country known informally as Holland, won one stage in the 1954 Tour de France?
Henk Faanhof
Who directed the 2007 horror starring the actor who played John Kramer in Saw, and Danielle Savre as Laura Porter?
Jeff Betancourt
What city does 2015 Coupe de France Final and Edinson Cavani have in common?
Paris
What city houses the local office of New York's 20th congressional district U.S. Representative as well as being home to Schenectady City Hall?
Schenectady, New York
How big is the area of the country where the Farkhor Air Base is located?
143100 km2
What American singer, songwriter, actress, and visual artist, originally conceived the album Nobody's Daughter?
Courtney Love
 What other person besides retired Spanish professional footballer co-assistant coaches Manchester City with Brian Kidd?
Domènec Torrent
Which genus contains more species, Berkheya or Rajania?
Berkheya
Who has been through a wider scope of profession, Brian O'Nolan or Dan Masterson?
Dan Masterson
where did the Indian actor and singer which starred in  Puriyadha Anandam Puthithaga Arambam worked on 
Tamil and Telugu films
What is the common ingredient in the Bourbon Lancer and the Derby cocktail?
bitters
Vulpes qiuzhudingi is believed to be the ancestor of which small fox native to the Northern Hemisphere?
Arctic fox
What is the name of the Hudson's Bay Company fur trader and explorer who established Fort Frances, Yukon on Frances Lake?
Robert Campbell
For what was the artist who created the artwork for the Metallica's seventh album famous?
his photos of corpses and his use of feces and bodily fluids in his work
Horror Business was released on the label that was run by the singer from what New Jersey city?
Lodi
Lucienne "Lucy" Rokach, an English professional poker player from Stoke-on-Trent, was born in  a city whose metropolitan area is the largest in the Middle East and the Arab world, and the 15th-largest in the world, called what?
Cairo
Paula Abdul and Nadirah Shakoor are both part of what industry?
Music
Ermac is a fictional character from which video game franchise originally developed by Midway Games' Chicago studio in 1992, and the development team was acquired by Warner Bros. and turned into NetherRealm Studios?
Mortal Kombat
Heroes Unlimited is a role-playing game that was written by which American artist and writer?
Kevin Siembieda
In what year was the University that Clive Baldock received his Masters of Tertiary Education Management degree from founded?
1853
Which song was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, released on the 7th Capitol Records release in the United States and Canada, and peaked at #1 in the United States?
I Don't Want to Spoil the Party
What was the Filipino-owned regional boutique airline company, which owns an airstrip at El Nido Airport, formerly known as?
Island Transvoyager
What Disney consultant was stalked by Margaret Mary "Peggy" Ray? 
Franklin Story Musgrave
This British Territorial Army general was succeeded by his son who is estimated to be worth what?
US$13 billion
Which is a skyscraper under construction, 55 Water Street or 111 Murray Street?
111 Murray Street
Which American heavy metal band released four EPs in their career, including one entitled "The White"?
Agalloch
Which street crosses the public square named Tarntanyagga?
Grote Street
"Reflektor" is by a rock band based in which city ?
Montreal, Quebec
What year did an American actress and fashion model star in a movie with Gene Hackman?
1975
The actress who played a supporting role in "Days of Wrath", also had a supporting role in "For the Emperor".  Who directed "For the Emperor"?
Park Sang-jun
Styrophone is often made from what type of closed-cell polystyrene?
Styrofoam
Great Reading Adventure was introduced in Bristol, inspired by a Chicago scheme that was using which 1960 Harper Lee novel as its springboard?
To Kill a Mockingbird
Which company is based in Europe, PNC Financial Services or Covidien?
Covidien
Which "The A–Z of Mrs P" actress was also on a sitcom that aired on Channel 4?
Isy Suttie
What country is the author of the book "Of Pandas and People: The Central Questions of Biological Origins" from?
American
Sugartown was the name of at least three Cherokee towns, the third Sugartown was located on Sugar Creek, a tributary of the Toccoa River, near the present-day city of which city in Georgia?
Blue Ridge
Former MMA champions Antonio Silva and Fabricio Werdum are both what South American nationality?
Brazilian
What is situated in the Arctic Ocean that is 55 km long, and is south to an islet south of the peninsula of Eggøya that is located just about 80 meters west of the point of Eggøyodden?
Norwegian volcanic island
Which English woman born on 26 May 1957 was Gitta Sereny, CBE known for interview and and profiles of controversial figures of
Mary Flora Bell
Are both National Autonomous University of Mexico and University of Lahore public institutions?
no
Which U.S. state was the cover artist for the Dragonlance(DL) series of "Dungeon's & Dragons" born in?
North Carolina
The 1953 Taça de Portugal Final was won by a team from which Portuguese city ?
Lisbon
the suicide of Mohamed Bouazizi in Sidi Bouzid acted as a catalyst for protests that began in which year ?
2010
Lionhearted is a song released by what company in the United States?
Astralwerks
Are both King Roger and The Devils of Loudun operas?
yes
Who directed the American-Chinese psychological film in which Lauren Cohan starred in?
William Brent Bell
Who deisgned the fountain that is named after a New York congressman and publisher of the "St. Louis Post Dispatch"? 
Thomas Hastings
A judge for the first season of Pakistan Idol was a singer who has performed at what two prestigious venues?
Royal Albert Hall and The Kennedy Center
The Bet was composed by John Terelle of the Hawaiian Pups, Lou Marini, and which American jazz pianist born on July 31, 1952?
Michael Wolff
Were OK Go and Stone Sour formed in the same state of the United States ?
no
which was published first Venus Zine or Peg's Paper?
Peg's Paper
How far from England was the Action of 19 August 1916?
100 km
Goodbye Christopher Robin was written by which Guardian Prize winner?
Frank Cottrell-Boyce
which star of  Sex and a Girl also appears in "That '70s Show" ?
Danny Masterson
Which horticultural trade is commonly known as Angrek, Angraecum or Ascocenda?
Angraecum
Who was murdered by the person who was last executed by hanging in canada  on december 11, 1962 along with arthur Lucas?
Frederick Nash
Overcast! was the only Atmosphere album to feature the American rapper from what Minnesota city?
Minneapolis
What does Stephen Colbert presidential campaign, 2008 and Aragorn have in common?
character
What Australian stand-up comedian hosted the 49th Annual Logie Awards?
Dave Hughes
Roulette is a 2013 American independent thriller–drama film written and directed by Erik Kristopher Myers, the story centers on three characters, troubled by their pasts and gambling with their lives through a game of which lethal game of chance in which a player places a single round in a revolver, spins the cylinder, places the muzzle against their head, and pulls the trigger?
Russian roulette
What county is Rainforest Partnership based in?
Travis County
When was the economic ideology that created the framework for social credit developed?
late 19th and early 20th century
Were Love Among Freaks and !!! formed in the same State ?
no
 What was the name of the audio engineer who worked with this English indie pop band with a song titled Islands on their debut studio album?
Rodaidh McDonald
What lunar module pilot was depicted in the 1995 film Apollo 13?
Fred Haise
Since what year has the anthem which gradually supplanted the Sturmlied as the de facto anthem of the SA been banned in Germany?
1991
In which city did Sahar Tawfiq study Arabic language and literature in?
Cairo, Egypt
Blue Genes was a story in the series of books written by which popular Scottish crime writer?
Val McDermid
What is the name of the group who's political slogan was "Blut und Ehre" and was for young men between 14 and 18 years of age? 
Hitler Youth
The American member of 3rdeyegirl was born in which city ?
Louisville, Kentucky
Term Life  is directed by which American actor, director, and producer, known for his role as Ralphie in the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" and as "Messy Marvin" in the Hershey's Chocolate Syrup commercials during the 1970s?
Peter Billingsley
Group 1 of UEFA Euro 1992 was one of only two groups in the final tournament's initial group stage, it consisted of hosts Sweden, fellow Scandinavians Denmark, France and England, the France national football team, represents which country?
France
Mia Amber Davis, the plus size model and actress, played in which film?
Road Trip
Did Raoul Peck and Dziga Vertov make the same type of films?
yes
What is the full name of the rapper featured on BOATS II: Me Time who has a birthday on October 24, 1986?
Aubrey Drake Graham
In what year was the scientist born, whose work was the origin of experimental research?
1564
Nicknamed "The Hoff", which is actor/singer released his seventh studio album in 1993?
David Hasselhoff
The Ricky Williams trade was instigated by which coach who became a color commentator?
Michael Keller Ditka
Oliver Maltman stars in an upcoming film, directed by who? 
James Marsh
Which new intellectual property was released by developer D-Pad Studio?
Owlboy
Which has a higher population, Anshun or Fenghua District?
Anshun
What has a suprasegmental feature known as stød which is a kind of laryngeal phonation that is used phonemically, the first person to describe this in In 1743 was a Danish philologist who wrote several highly insightful treatises on Danish and Latin?
phonology of Danish
How many seasons did the namesake of the River East Royal Knights' home stadium play?
21 seasons
Between Cheick Oumar Sissoko and John G. Blystone, who had more diverse job experiences?
Cheick Oumar Sissoko
What Attorney General, born in 1880 in Massachusetts, served under the President who signed the Kansas-Nebraska Act, and who is generally regarded by historians to be among the worst of US Presidents?
Caleb Cushing
When was Argentine musician and composer who writes  Flores recorded songs born 
August 22, 1961
From 1992 until December 2009 the Thunder played in the Britt Brown Arena located in a suburb with a population of what at the 2010 census?
7,297
Ngadi Chuli and Mount Everest are both located in what country?
Nepal
Vimala Pons is a French actress whose notable films include a psychological thriller film directed by who?
Paul Verhoeven
Jackie Vernold Shipp, is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League, and also was the defensive line coach for which college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma? 
Oklahoma Sooners football
Do both Alfonso Cuarón and Chris Barfoot work in the film industry?
yes
Which documentary released earlier, "...So Goes the Nation" or "March of the Penguins"?
March of the Penguins
"Hot Stuff (Let's Dance)" is a song by British singer Craig David, it was released in November 2007 as the second single from his fourth album "Trust Me", following the single "This Is the Girl" with which English rapper and actor from East Ham, London, better know as?
Kano
Biddeford, Maine is the site of the James Montgomery Flagg House and which college?
University of New England
What is the capital of the district that Kwabre West is located in?
Mamponteng
Kwak Do-won (born Kwak Byung-kyu on May 17, 1974) is a South Korean actor, he is known for his role in which 2013 South Korean courtroom drama film, directed and co-written by Yang Woo-suk, in his directorial debut?
The Attorney
"That's What Friends Are For (The Vulture Song)" is a song in the widely popular Walt Disney film "The Jungle Book" from 1967, in the soundtrack album, which an American playback singer and Mellomen member replaced the unavailable Sanders?
Bill Lee
In what year was the director of the film "What Planet Are You From?" born?
1931
What is the other name given to the Dutch islands that retired baseball playerR aily Legito is from?
Dutch Antilles
The person Erika Rosenberg wrote a biography of was married to whom?
Oskar Schindler
What year was the role-playing game, which is a supplement for another game by the same Michigan-based company, released?
1989
What ingredient do a Tom Collins and an Old Fashioned have in common?
sugar
Kanan Gill along with Biswa Kalyan Rath reviewed a Aditya Chopra romance film released in what year?
1995
An anvil firing and explosive fireball have been used to begin which long range precision rifle event held near Orofino, Idaho?
The Boomershoot
2002 animated film Groove Squad was one of many made-for-TV movies, such as Inspector Gadget and Dennis the Menace, on what series?
Nickelodeon Sunday Movie Toons
Which November-born US representative worked on a free weekly newspaper?
Gary Ackerman
Which star from the movie "Tactical Force" also appeared in "Jason X"?
Lexa Doig
Which BBC Radio sitcom stars Rita May, Christopher Douglas, and Philip Jackson? 
"Ed Reardon's Week"
The U.S. state of Arizona is the home of which Senator, an American politician and member of the Republican Party who since 2013 has served as the Junior United States Senator from Arizona, alongside former 2008 presidential nominee John McCain?
Jeffry Lane Flake
What German-French film maker worked with Michael Hankeke on his 2012 film Amour as well as several other films?
Margaret Ménégoz
Dracula includes the professor that is of what nationality?
Dutch
 How does the Ralph Saenz is differentiated by Daron Malakian?
He is best known as the lead singer for the comedic glam metal band Steel Panther
Which is a research university in Maryland, Massachusetts Institute of Technology or Johns Hopkins University?
Johns Hopkins University
He started in a epic space opera film in 2005, and is a canadian actor produce. What character did he play primarily?
Anakin Skywalker
In what year did the most noted patient of the Maindiff Court Hospital commit suicide?
1987
Who was the daughter of the man whose name was formerly used in association with the Charlestown High Bridge?  
Rose Kennedy
What is the name of the role played by Rebecca Alie Romijn and published by marvel comics ?
Mystique
In 1995  Frank J. Myers won a Grammy for a song covered in 1998 by what Mexican country band?
Caballo Dorado
In what publication did albums by performers Carl Hancock Rux and Eleanora Fagan appear?
Great Black Music
José Mário Sperry, a Brazilian heavyweight mixed martial artist, trained a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist who in submission wrestling, he holds an undefeated record of what?
13-0
In what district of Vienna is the hotel Elisabeth Gürtler-Mauthner manages?
Innere Stadt first district
Value Alliance comprises seven Asia-Pacific airlines such as which Philippine low-cost airline based on the grounds of Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA Terminal 3), Pasay City, Metro Manila, in the Philippines?
Cebu Pacific
Zöe Lucker played Carol Barry in "Waterloo Road, broadcast on what network?
broadcast on BBC One
Which occured first, the Battle of Iwo Jima or the Battle of Belleau Wood
Battle of Belleau Wood
Which documentary included a ship nicknamed "Mighty Mo"?
Appointment in Tokyo
While the Editors are an English rock band, the Squirrel Nut Zippers are what type of band?
American swing band
Get Animated is a program block on the Disney Channel in the United States, consisting of Saturday morning cartoons, it aired shows like Gravity Falls, an American animated television series, produced by Disney Television Animation originally for what?
Disney Channel
What do Trey Parker and Pietro Germi have in common?
actor
What is the birth date of this Austrialian entrepeneur who owned with his wife an Australia-wide chain of retail stores that sold consumer electronics goods, hobbyist electronic components, and electronic project kits?
18 March 1944
Name the country where both Aynalıkavak Palace and Italian Synagogue are located in.
Turkey
Which of the prominent actors which Carrie Genzel has worked with egan her acting career in 2001, with several minor television and film roles?
Megan Fox
When was the series originally premiered on ABC in which is a reprised version of the film "Clueless" (1995)?
September 20, 1996
Are Alexander Hall and L. Ron Hubbard both American?
yes
Are Mike Ness and Oliver Sykes both lead vocalists of their bands?
yes
What meeting system is a widely used manual of parliamentary procedure in the United States?
Robert's Rules of Order
What festival was founded by a Congressman for California's 44th district and had support from a free community newspaper?
Palm Springs International Film Festival
What 1 and 1/2 mile race, also known as "test of the champion," did jockey Irad Ortiz JR win his first American Classic?
2016 Belmont Stakes
Let My Babies Go! is a picture book and children's literature novelization of a "Rugrats" episode which was the final episode of what season?
third
Amos Marah Kicmett, is a Ghanaian-born Liberian international football striker who last played for Deltras, he was born in which refugee camp located 44 km west of Accra, Ghana, opened by the UNHCR in 1990?
Buduburam
What army did the uncle of Jean Gordon command?
U.S. Seventh Army
This man is the brother in law of Matt Miller and s the second coach in NFL history to reach the playoffs in each of his first six seasons as head coach
Bill Cowher
What country are both Ganges and the Economy of Rashtrakuta empire of Manyakheta in?
India
Which of the following is an opera that premiered in 1954 in Venice: The Turn of the Screw or Jenůfa?
The Turn of the Screw
Which companion series to "House of Secrets" featured a fictional international crime cartel?
House of Mystery
Otaku Unite! and Moana, are of which genre?
documentary
Robert Axelrod starred in the 1990 film "Repo Jake", who is he known as in the show "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?
Lord Zedd
What album included a song that was titled as such due to its similarity to the theme music of "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly"?
Gorillaz
Which of the following directed "House on Haunted Hill": John Schwert or William Malone?
William Malone
 Roland Joffé and Wesley Ruggles were both what?
film director
Are Poly Styrene and Justin Currie both Scottish singers?
no
Are the Lehigh Canal and Walhonding Canal both in America?
yes
What is the name of this American actor, based known for a role on Roseanne, who also starred in Morgan's Ferry?
Johnny Galecki
Hoe many locations does the organization taking care of the Talking Rocks cavern operate in the US?
several theme parks
What Bollywood film centers around a character who excels at a form of lottery that originally involved betting on the opening and closing rates of cotton transmitted from the New York Cotton Exchange?
Dharmatama
What college division did Frank Murphy play for?
NCAA Division I Bowl Subdivision
Who wrote the play for which Pam MacKinnon received a Tony Award ?
Edward Albee
Which actress starred alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and is known for her first big break on "General Hospital?"
Tia Carrere
Preformation theory is a theory that was recognized by what person that was also a German philosopher who is a central figure in modern philosophy?
Immanuel Kant
What year was the creator of the game show iWitness born?
1942
In what 2007 American slasher film does Danielle Harris portray Annie Brackett?
Halloween
John Watts is a sculpture installed in the church cemetery established in what year?
1842
For which role the Israeli actress was known for who also portrayed Gisele Yashar?
Wonder Woman
What star of the film Hugo, also appeared in Diary of A Wimpy Kid?
Chloë Grace Moretz
Chris Obekpa transferred to which Division I team after 3 years at St. John's?
UNLV Runnin' Rebels
Which tight end, signed by the New York Giants in 2008, was born in a city in Jackson County, Mississippi?
Eric Butler
Who are John Landis and Joe Dante?
Joe" Dante, Jr. ( ; born November 28, 1946) is an American film director
Who plays Dr. Hannibal Lecter in the television series that Richard Armitage plays Francis Dolarhyde in? 
Mads Mikkelsen
André Borschberg broke the record for longest solo flight of the man who made his fortune in what industry?
financial services
Paul Watkins formerly taught at a highschool located in which US state ?
New Jersey
When did the series that Grey DeLisle voiced the character Yumi Yoshimura for premiere?
November 19, 2004
Matt Hume and Demetrious Johnson are both American participants of what sport
mixed martial artist
What position does Daniel Bombardieri play for the team representing Albino?
defender
Schützenpanzer Lang HS.30 was designed by which Spanish auto company?
Hispano-Suiza
 Which was made first The Monkey's Uncle or The Strongest Man in the World?
The Monkey's Uncle
Which institute was opened earlier, Psychiatric Institute of Washington or St. Elizabeths Hospital?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
What U.S. court presided over both the Slaughter-House Cases and Reed v. Reed?
the Supreme Court
 George Martin Long is a goalkeeper who plays for a professional association football club based at grounds once shared with what other club?
Kingstonian F.C.
Which director inspired the Na'vi River Journey ride attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom's Pandora which features floating mountains, alien wildlife and spans 12 acres?
James Cameron
A British writer, host, model, and fashion designer hosted this series starting in 2008 on Channel 4?
Vanity Lair
What is the theme of the resort where Nouvelle Expérience's tour ended in the parking lot of?
Polynesian-themed
What was the estimated population in 2012 of the city from which Rodney S. Quinn was elected to the Main House of Representatives in 1974?
16,667
Carrie is an American supernatural horror film, released in what year, directed by Kimberly Peirce, and is the third film adaptation of Stephen King's 1974 novel of the same name, the film stars Alexander "Alex" Russell, born on 11 December 1987, an Australian actor?
2013
Was Oystein "Euronymous" Aarseth a guitarist in the band or co-founder of the band Mayhem?
He was a co-founder of the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem.
Which city in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania was the song Beans in My Ears banned ?
Pittsburgh
Yukon Kornelius is a rock group whose name comes from a character in which 1964 Christmas television special?
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Who is the father of the man who directed Punch-Drunk Love?
Ernie Anderson
Apple II series and Acorn Atom are both what?
home computer
Wicked Wisdom is a band formed by the actress who made her debut in what sitcom?
True Colors
Ice hockey in Indonesia was first played at a mall whose name translates to what?
Orchid Garden Mall
Pablo Garnier is from this capital city  that lies near the southern end of the Humahuaca Canyon
San Salvador de Jujuy
Which American actor, director, and singer got nominated for a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Tony Kaye?
Avery Brooks
Are Kenneth Clark and William March both British?
no
What is the Dutch name for a team that Timothy Fosu-Mensah is on loan from?
"Het Nederlands Elftal"
Connaught Square is just north of a park that is divided by what?
Serpentine and the Long Water
Which "Slings and Arrows" actor hosted the 9th Gemini Awards?
Paul Gross
Do athletes Thomaz Koch and Jack Sock play the same professional sport?
yes
The Boeing Boeing 737-300 traveling from Belize to New Orleans was operated by an airline that has been in operation for how long?
75 years
What album has the biggest U.S. hit for the band often credited as one of "the fathers of crossover thrash"?
"The Art of Rebellion"
Are Daviesia and Rehmannia native to the same countries?
no
Are both Lenophyllum and Manglietia flowering plants?
yes
Who wrote the books  the fantasy series Sophie Turner stars in was based on?
George R. R. Martin
Chilly sings its popular songs such as 'Come to L.A.' and 'Simply a Love Song' in what language?
English
Who recorded the song co-written by Jamille Pierre and co-produced by Kanye West that was remixed by this Canadian DJ and musician who is signed to Diplo's record label Mad Decent?
Rihanna
What did Both Dumitru Prunariu and Claude Nicollier had in common?
flew in space
What actor in L.A. Law and Darkman appeared in Too Good to Be True?
Larry Drake
Place to Place was a series that was first serialized in what manga magazine?
Manga Time Kirara
Carl Bialik is an American journalist, who on February 6, 2017, was named Data Science Editor of Yelp, working on Yelpblog, in late 2013, Bialik was hired by which American statistician and writer who analyzes baseball (see sabermetrics) and elections,at FiveThirtyEight.com?
Nate Silver
Who presents "The Bob Rogers Show", Monday to Friday between 9 am and 1 pm, and the six-hour Saturday evening "Reminiscing" program on a Sydney radio station that broadcasts an oldies format, and is aimed at an older age demographic ?
Bob Rogers
Who was this playwright of the Russian Enlightenment whose works were edited and published by Pyotr Yefremov and whose satirical comedies mock contemporary Russian gentry?
Denis Fonvizin
What British crime drama stars Michael Fassbender and Rory Kinnear?
Trespass Against Us
The horse-collar tackle is an American football maneuver most closely associated with an American football player drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in what year? 
2002
Who wrote Sangita Makaranda an ancient work on classical Indian music whose main feature is the treatment of Ragas?
Narada
What is the name of the 19-th century Carrara marble statue located in a Copenhagen cathedral, situated on Frue Plads?
Christus
What actor who's portrayed a judicial officer of the fictional alien "Kree" race has also played a role in The Hobbit trilogy?
Lee Grinner Pace
In between Emma Goldman and Regina M. Anderson who was a political activist ?
Emma Goldman
Underground Airlines is a 2016 novel by Ben Winters that contains the unsuccussful proposal introducted by which United States Senator?
John J. Crittenden
The 2009 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Ohio State Buckeyes and the Texas Longhorns on Monday, January 5, 2009, the Big 12 champion University of Oklahoma Sooners were participating in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game, was an American football game played at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida, on which date?
January 8, 2009
What was the population at the 2010 census of the city near the Troy Mine in Lincoln County?
938
Bethnal Green is a station in what rail network established in 2007?
London Overground
The First Fleet Re-enactment Voyage attracted the attention of which New Zealand mountaineer?
Sir Edmund Percival "Ed" Hillary
Who founded the studio who co-developed the Unreal series with the company who worked on Gears of War and Infinity Blade?
James Schmalz
Which Roman emperor was personally known by or written about by both Thrasyllus of Mendes and Tacitus?
Tiberius
The 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes was nominated how many times at the 2015 Chicago Film Critics Association Awards?
6
Herman Weiss was a Prussian born brewmaster, Herman was offered the position of head brewmaster in 1909 at the newly formed Shiner Brewery which later became which brewery located in Shiner, Texas, U.S., and is the oldest independent brewery in Texas?
Spoetzl Brewery
What American football quarterback who played for the Atlanta Falcons played football at the same college as his brother?
Michael Vick
What British American Football team did the current coach of the  New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL) play for?
The Leicester Panthers
Who produced the American 3D computer-animated holiday-themed musical fantasy featurette short film that was released in November of 2017 in theaters but originally was to air on ABC?
Walt Disney Animation Studios
"Yayo" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey, it appears on her EP, Paradise, released on which date? 
November 9, 2012
Which magazine is published more frequently, Jewish Currents or McClure's?
McClure's
What country does Speaking of Dreams and Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 have in common?
China
Siegfried Uiberreither was born in a city also known was what?
"Salt Fortress"
Where does the American singer-songwriter, musician and producer, who released the single "Soil Sista", currently reside? 
New York City
564 Dudu was named after a novel published between 1883 and 1891, what is the name of the novel?
Thus Spoke Zarathustra
What profession do Hughie Jennings and Joe Kelley have in common?
baseball
What nationality are singers Florence Welch and Bryan Ferry?
English
Gerald Moore CBE (30 July 1899 – 13 March 1987) was an English classical pianist best known for his career as an accompanist for many famous musicians, among those with whom he was closely associated were which German soprano, and was among the foremost singers of lieder, and was renowned for her performances of Viennese operetta?
Olga Maria Elisabeth Friederike Schwarzkopf
 Field of Dreams staring two time academy award winner Kevin Costner and is adapted from what Novel?
Shoeless Joe
What is the nationality of an actress in the upcoming film The Predator who stars in The Handmaid's Tale?
Australian
Which band was formed first, Ministry or Dubstar?
Ministry
Do Tuberaria and Ipheion share the same family, although they are two different genera?
no
Kim Guadagno, an American politician, attorney, former Sheriff, and first Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, ran as the Republican party nominee for the election occurring on what day in 2017?
November 7
What are the names of the parents that the North Korean propaganda song, "We Will Follow Only You", is dedicated to? 
Kim Jong-il (1941–2011) and Ko Yong-hui
Washington University in St. Louis and University of Colorado, are located in which country?
United States
For which film did this American actor, singer and producer who appeared in "Against All Odds" alongside Rachel Ward and James Woods win an  Academy Award for Best Actor?
Crazy Heart
Are both  Moist and Plain White T's opera groups?
no
Zachary Wayne "Zac" Farro is a drummer in a band from what town?
Franklin, Tennessee
In which city was this American rapper, songwriter, record producer, model, and actress born who released the single "Kimnotyze" or record producer DJ Tomekk's compilation album "Beat Of Life, Vol 1?"
Brooklyn, New York
Jigoku-Retsuden was a CD released by the album that included the musician who was the former lead-guitarist for what other band?
Black 'n Blue
What was the occupation of Scott Alden's ancestor in Southampton England?
ship's cooper
Which American Christian metal band dropped their first album named Telos in 2014?
Forevermore
Craig Gillespie is an Australian film director best known for a remake of a 2011 American comedy horror film that was produced by Michael De Luca and who else?
Alison Rosenzweig
In what year was the author of "Babi Yar: A Document in the Form of a Novel" born?
1929
Were both Charles Nordhoff and Erich Fromm American writers?
no
Avenged Sevenfold is featured in which EA Canada and SkyBox Labs mixed-martial arts video game?
EA Sports UFC
The stew most similar to stobhach is served over what type of bread?
cornbread or corn muffins
Name one of the academic specialties of Leo Derocher.
Age of Reason
Are Marc Forster and Drew Daywalt of the same nationality?
no
Gansito is a chocolate and strawberry snack created by Bimbo, the world's largest bakery. In which country are their headquarters?
Mexico
The Staunton Mall has 4 anchors in operation include Belk, JCPenney, Gold's Gym, and a department store owned by what company?
Stage Stores, Inc.
have Bob Bryan and Samantha Stosur both been world No. 1 in doubles?
yes
What city, other than San Jose del Cabo, is at the the southern tip of Baja California Peninsula and is also encompassed in the Los Cabos Municipality?
Cabo San Lucas
Can you find Peter Piper Pizza where Pizza Fusion is based?
no
Who worked with Lynn Ahrens on Dessa Rose and multiple other musicals including "Lucky Stiff", "Once on This Island", and "My Favorite Year"?
Stephen Flaherty
What theme park plays an educational role in regards to protecting a large area of land around the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta from the sea?
Deltapark Neeltje Jans
Which served as chairman of he board of Governors at the British Film Institute, Anthony Minghella or Michael Lembeck?
Anthony Minghella
What road is the entrance for the Naval Center named after Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren located at?
State Route 206 (SR 206)
Matthew Olosunde plays for which tier of the Professional Development League? 
Premier League 2
Ben Moore, is an American composer whose works include art song, musical theatre, cabaret, chamber music, choral music and opera, his song cycles include which song, commissioned by the Marilyn Horne Foundation, Horne was an American mezzo-soprano opera singer?
So Free Am I
What event occured in 1991 to the actress who played Beth Wallace in the soap opera "Passions"?
was crowned Miss USA
Tanya Chisholm plays Kelly Wainwright on a Nickelodeon sitcom created by who?
Scott Fellows
When was Beatles' song recorded
October 1963
The town that is the starting point for the Boston Marathon is also home to a multinational corporation that was added to the New York Stock Exchange in what year?
1986
United Spirits Limited is a sibsidiary of a company headquartered where?
London, England
Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections is a documentary series originally broadcast on the National Geographic Channel, and later on BBC2, the show's format is very similar to that of  which 10-episode documentary television series, and 1978 book, created, written, and presented by science historian James Burke?
Connections
St Michael's Church is in the village and civil parish in the district between which two towns?
Ormskirk and Maghull
The People's Friend and Women's Physique World, are which form of publication?
magazine
College Point borders the waterway that empties into what river?
East River
What roles did Gregory Nava and Marco Bellocchio both perform?
film director, screenwriter
The actress that played Teresa in "Absence of Malice" also co-starred with Richard Drefuss in what 1977 sci-fi film directed by Steven Spielberg?
Close Encounters of the Third Kind
In what state was the location of the nuclear detonation that was conducted by the United States Army at 5:29 a.m. on July 16, 1945, as part of the Manhattan Project?
New Mexico
Cortex System was developed for the role playing game released in what year?
2005
Are both magazines Essence and Soccer America devoted to the same topic ?
no
Mount Craig is located in a state park established in what year?
1915
The Gene Wars universe is a fictional universe developed by an author born in which year ?
1942
With William Hock Buracker as the operations officer transporting the aircraft, what was the name of the first strike on the Japanese Home Islands by Americans in 1942?
The Doolittle Raid
What constituency represented in the House of Commons is Mike Amesbury a member?
Weaver Vale
The band who performs "Sunny Sundae Smile" was formed in what year?
1983
Which hatchback will possibly be replaced by the a compact crossover manufactured by German automaker Volkswagon? 
CrossFox
Jason Staehler Hill is an American record producer, songwriter, film score composer, audio engineer, mixer and multi-instrumentalist, he has worked with such artists as which American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the lead singer, keyboardist and occasional bass guitarist of the Las Vegas-based rock band The Killers?
Brandon Richard Flowers
What is the Russian name of the arena in which the 2011 KHL Junior Draft took place?
Арена Мытищи, Arena Mi‘tishchi
Whose band disbanded sooner, that of Morten Harket or Toshimitsu Deyama?
Toshimitsu Deyama
Who played Uncle remus in a 1946 musical produced by Walt Disney?
James Baskett
Who produced and directed the film in which Kim Ok-bin's role won her the Best Actress award at the 2009 Sitges Film Festival?
Park Chan-wook
"Empty Eyes" is the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of the television series, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, the crime portrayed in this episode had many similar elements to the murder of eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital in 1966 by Richard Benjamin Speck,was an American mass murderer who systematically tortured, raped, and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on which night?
July 13-14, 1966
Which university has the larger campus, University of New Haven or University of West Florida?
University of West Florida
Lev L. Spiro is an American film and television director, his TV episodic work includes multiple Emmy Award-winning shows such as Arrested Development, created by who?
Mitchell Hurwitz
Adorable and Goon Moon are both what?
rock band
From 1972-1982, Randy Smith played in every regular season basketball game en route to a record of 906 straight games, which has since been broken by a player who has played for the Lakers, Suns, Mavericks, and what other team?
Miami Heat
The Pueblo Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant is what that contains the prototypical substance of the sulfur-based family of cytotoxic and vesicant chemical warfare agents known as the sulfur mustards which have the ability to form large blisters on exposed skin and in the lungs?
a chemical weapons destruction facility
Upper Denton is situated on the line of the Roman road that ran through the valleys of which two rivers?
Tyne and Irthing
Name the modern road which parallels the route of the Great North Road which began in London and passed a grade II listed public house in Hatfield known as the Red Lion, an example of a coaching inn or staging post providing accommodation and stabling for horses?
A1
 Zafir Premčević participated in a war that lasted from 28 July 1914 to when?
11 November 1918
During which period Germany was governed by a dictatorship who's subordinate was the Lithuanian Territorial Defense Force?
1933 to 1945
Which state did that Survey which named the Excelsior Geyser Crater survey?
Wyoming
By whom is a 2003 South Korean crime-drama film with Song Jae-ho starring co-written and directed which is based on true story of Korea's first serial murders in history, which took place between 1986 and 1991 in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi Province ?
Bong Joon-ho
What was the nickname of the Infantry Division that the 89th Medium Tank Battalion was assigned to in November of 1951?
Tropic Lightning
Mockingbird is a song by American rapper Eminem, from an album that was released by Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records, and who else?
Interscope Records
What is the name of the pet dog who starred in the 247th episode of Family Guy on Fox?
Brian
 Radcliffe railway station and Grantham railway station are both in what country?
England
Jarvis Edward Cooper was featured on I Sings with what duo?
Mary Mary
4,5,6 is the solo debut by emcee Kool G Rap which has a guest appearance by a singer whos real name is Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones who was born on what date?
September 14, 1973
Who is older, Patty Fendick or Manuela Maleeva?
Patty Fendick
The British car club operator City Car Club was acquired by the American company headquartered in what city?
Clayton, Missouri
When was the electoral division represented by Linda Jean Burney  created?
1922
Anders Ingvar Kjell Kjellson had a notable roll in what William Shakespeare play?
Twelfth Night
The Conklingville Dam holds back what lake with a surface area of about 41.7 squmi at capacity?
Great Sacandaga Lake
Which network ran the shows "Get the Picture" and "Welcome Freshman?"
Nickelodeon
Whilst studying English at University College Matthew Tempest was a member of UCL Film Society with a director born in which year ?
1970
What was an American teen magazine that began in 1932, Mad or YM ?
YM
Have both James Wan and Aqeel Ahmed worked as film directors?
yes
Were both Miracle and The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement American films?
yes
Who founded the village where the 1993 Long Island Rail Road Shooting occurred?
Alexander Turney Stewart
In which county is the city in which the Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences is located ?
Summit County
Where was the early frontrunner in the 2008 Formula 3 Euro Series born ?
Geneva
How long is the route that connects Philadelphia to Lehigh County?
134 miles
The actor that played Tim McManus on "Oz" starred with Gabrielle Anwar and Billy Wirth in a 1993 horror film based on a novel by what author?
Jack Finney
English conductor Dale Clevenger was a member of Leopold Stokowski's American Symphony Orchestra and the Symphony of the Air directed by who?
Alfred Wallenstein
What is the name of this ruling house in the Middle Age Scandinavia and England of which Gunhilda of Denmark was a member?
House of Knýtlinga
Which college did Minxin Pei attend that was not a member of Claremont Colleges located in Claremont, California, United States.
University of Pittsburgh
In which realm was this pilot's plane shot down whose flight had been approved by Thomas S. Gates Jr.?
Soviet Union airspace
 Hyundai Motor Europe GmbH is a subsidary of a company headquartered where?
Seoul, South Korea
Are both Acanthaceae and Cardamine flowering plants?
yes
Who distributed for an American media franchise with an installment starring Vera Farmiga?
Warner Bros.
Which character is an archetype of the evil criminal genius that is exemplified by The Mysterious Mr. Wong?
Fu Manchu
Which former American professional basketball player, current sports analyst for ESPN, and cofounder of the Jalen Rose Leadership Academy did the Indiana Pacers trade for other players to the Chicago Bulls during their 2001-02 season?
Jalen Rose
Which Opera has more acts Nabucco or Mitridate, re di Ponto ?
Nabucco
Which country is the chain that owns WingStreet operated by a separate company?
China
Prior to playing for the Milwaukee Bulls, which team did the former National Basketball Association (NBA) player who is currently a television analyst for CBS Sports play for?
Chicago Bulls
Where is the head office of the agency that designed the Tour Triangle?
Basel, Switzerland
Are both Shuangyashan and Longnan in China?
yes
What community were the founding members of Islander 23's rival gang from?
Victoria's South Sudanese community
Who was the author of both The Snowman and The Fir-Tree?
Hans Christian Andersen
The 2002 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season, they reached the 2002 Music City Bowl in Houston Nutt's fifth season as head coach, born Houston Dale Nutt Jr., is a former American football coach and former player, born on which date?
October 14, 1957
Shim Eun-kyung appears in a 2001 South Korean comedy film about a middle-aged woman trying to reunite friends who were in high school in what decade?
the 1980s
The captain of the  2009–10 Udinese Calcio team was from which country?
Italian
Camp Hero State Park is located on what former US military base?
Montauk Air Force Station
Plan B Entertainment Inc., more commonly known as Plan B, is an American film production company founded in November of which year, by Brad Grey, Jennifer Aniston, and Brad Pitt, an American actor and producer?
2001
Who was the Canadian actor and musician whose mom gets set up with Kurt Hummel's dad in "Home"?
Cory Monteith
The "Nike Hypervenom" is a football boot that is manufactured by Nike, it is endorsed/worn by players, notably Harry Edward Kane, an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team, born in what year?
1993
What English fomer professional footballer fought for the welterweight title in boxing against Dave Ryan?
Curtis Woodhouse
which Keemat star also appeared in Telugu, Tamil, Marathi and Kannada films?
Sonali Bendre
What William Pullman movie stars Sandra Bullock?
While You Were Sleeping
Where was the second most penalized brawl in the NBA?
Madison Square Garden
What song released to the radio by Republic Records on November 10, 2014 was the "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit?
Blank Space
The first woman to independently create a network series for Cartoon Network is what type of fictional alien being?
Gem
How did the subject of the 2015 Austrian thriller film "Jack" die?
He committed suicide
What is the main focus of both paragraphs?
building construction.
Which of these is a nature documentary, The Living Desert or Brother Bear?
The Living Desert
What hospital in Carlisle, Cumbria England is ran by North Cumbria University Hospitals NHS Trust?
Cumberland Infirmary
What Dutch professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Netherlands national team, played in the 2010 DFB-Pokal Final? 
Arjen Robben
John Mullan, Jr. (July 31, 1830 – December 28, 1909) was an American soldier, explorer, civil servant, and road builder, heled the construction crew which built which road, was the first wagon road to cross the Rocky Mountains to the Inland of the Pacific Northwest, in Montana, Idaho, and Washington state, between the spring of 1859 and summer 1860?  
Mullan Road
Which magazine was published first, Woman's Day or JJ?
Woman's Day
Which band was formed first, The Pretenders or Shinedown ?
The Pretenders
Love's Labour's Won is disputed to possibly be a sequel to a comedy where the play closes with the death of the who?
the Princess's father
What film did the actress known for her role as Petunia Dursley star in with Daniel Day-Lewis and Ray McAnally?
My Left Foot
Where was the ballet company based that first performed Petrushka?
Paris
What year did the stadium where the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship final was held open in?
1966
What do Sekhar Kammula and Errol Morris have in common
film director
Judith "Judy" Jacobs, was the presiding officer of the Nassau County legislature, in her fifth term as a legislator, Jacobs represented legislative district 16, which included Old Westbury, a village in Nassau County, in the U.S. state of New York, on the North Shore, of which location?
Long Island
Where is the company that has a ski area in Tsanfleuron Glacier based in?
Gstaad
Who created a character for which Terry Dodson has acquired notoriety for illustrating?
Paul Dini and Bruce Timm
In between The Kid Stays in the Picture and 1 More Hit which one is by Shauna Garr?
1 More Hit
What is the main characters band name in Matt Howarth's comic-series featuring American DJ Richard Melville Hall?
Bulldaggers
In which area was the Kritarchy established?
Israel, Philistia, Phoenicia, and other nations
Between what years was the son of Yuk Young-soo president of South Korea?
2013 to 2017
The person Sho Madjozi featured in "Probleme" with was born in what year?
1988
Last Days is a 2014 animated short documentary film about the decline of African elephant populations and the illegal ivory trade, Director Kathryn Bigelow's other films include which 2012 American political action-thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal?
Zero Dark Thirty
Which family of the plant Tacca leontopetaloides is the common name for some plant species in the genus "Dioscorea" (family Dioscoreaceae) that form edible tubers?
Yam
What is the country of origin of James Holborne of Menstrie and Menstrie Castle?
Scotland
 "Acércate Más" is a 1946 hit song by who, it was covered by Perry Como?
Osvaldo Farrés
Participation dance is a class of dance that encourages dancing in a group such as a song composed by what accordion player in the 1950's?
Werner Thomas
What role is played by Sebastian Arcelus in the television series staring Téa Leoni as Dr. Elizabeth McCord?
Jay Whitman
Patricia Louise "Pat" Butcher, also occasionally referred to in the British media as Fat Pat, is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders",which aired in 2004, Pat was also portrayed by Emma Cooke in a soap 'bubble' "Pat and Mo: Ashes to Ashes", delving into her past with sister-in-law Mo Harris, played by Laila Morse, an English actress,whose given name is Maureen "Mo" Oldman, born on which date?
1 August 1945
Fat Possum Records have been featured in a production on which digital cable network?
SundanceTV
A Six Pack of Judd is a six-song EP compact disc recorded by country music parodist Cledus T. Judd, known primarily for his parodies of popular music songs of what genre?
country
What country of origin does Escape and Joseph L. Mankiewicz have in common?
American
When was the release of the collaborative album Comunisti col Rolex featuring Fedrico Leonardo Lucia?
January 2017
When was the actor that hosted 64th Academy Awards born? 
March 14, 1948
The Lunar Module Pilot on Apollo 13 is featured in a film directed by who?
Ron Howard
What company produced the film score for the 1988 American road comedy-drama film directed by Barry Levinson?
Media Ventures
What standoff occured after the 1991 cease fire in Operation Desert Shield?
Safwan Airfield standoff
Which magazine named this American politician as one of America's Best Senators in 2006, whom Mark Lawrence challenged for the 2000 U.S. Senate election and lost?
Time
Reseda and Hypoxis, are plants?
yes
What is the birth date of the man who John Frusciante replaced as the Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist?
June 7, 1967
Burgos Pointer and Japanese Spitz, is a breed of what?
dog
Are Mosè in Egitto and La fanciulla del West both operas?
yes
What is the ZIP code of the installation upon which Camp Funston is located?
66442
What is the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region, has a railway line in the station in a settlement in the municipality of Nakhchivan in Nakhchivan City, Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan?
Baku
Elizabeth Louise Botting CBE worked for which company that operated the UK National Lottery?
Camelot Group
How many teams were represented in the pair of motor races held on 18 and 19 April 2015 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain?
thirteen teams
The British Conservative politician was elected to the Parliament of Congleton in 2010 and then again in what year?
2015
Who married Louise Bryant, an American feminist, political activist, and journalist?
John Silas "Jack" Reed
The 2016 Mexico City ePrix ended with a win given to the racer of what nationality?
Belgian
Who wrote the film in which the actress best known for her starring roles in Mistress America, plays a supporting role, along side Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike?
Gillian Flynn
Are Squirrel Nut Zippers and Kongos both rock bands?
no
The Ausrian primary school teacher,church organist and composer of the song which was first heard 24 December, 1818 lived in what village?
Arnsdorf
Issachar Jacox Roberts graduated from a university located where?
Greenville, South Carolina
Patrick Cescau was the first combined Chief Executive of the manufacturing company that merged to become what?
Unilever
What year was the starring actor in the LGBT comedy film Hurricane Bianca born? 
1975
The Bronze is a 2015 American sports comedy-drama film starring an American actress known as a cast member of what show?
Saturday Night Live
On what date was the Taylor Swift studio album which had "Back to December" on it released?
October 25, 2010
Missouri lieutenant gubernatorial election, 2016 happened concurrently with this other election that was won by a businessman from which political party?
Republican
M. M. Srilekha is a film music composer and director, the only female director in which center of filmmaking?
Telugu
how is Silbervogel and Walter Dornberger connected?
World War II
Who noted for his contributions to the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, and social philosophy, he began teaching at UC Berkeley in 1959, worked with the man who was  awarded a Fulbright Visiting Scholarship to visit the University of California at Berkeley?
John Rogers Searle
Which waterway, the New Orleans Outfall Canals or the Corpus Christi Ship Channel, is closer to the city of El Paso?
Corpus Christi Ship Channel
Who is older, Gary Louris and Mark King?
Gary Louris
Who was born first,  Ibn Taymiyyah or Mimar Sinan?
Ibn Taymiyyah
Is The New York Enterprise Report monthly publication similar in format and content to the magazine Humbug?
no
Attorney Jay Sekulow, known for his talk show on AM radio station KERI and frequent guest appearances on the Christian Broadcasting Network, describes himself as what?
Messianic Jew
In 2012, DJ Munchi was featured on the mixtape of which Harlem-raised American rapper, singer-songwriter, and actress?
Azealia Banks
Who was born later, Frank Lucas or Ike Atkinson?
Frank Lucas
Who produced Polish comedy, Craig Melville or Tadeusz Chmielewski?
Tadeusz Chmielewski
Who operate the power station whose part was replaced by Barker Inlet Power Station?
AGL Energy
Vic is a 2006 American short film staring an actor who co-starred with  William H. Bonney in what television series?
The Tall Man
What was the original release date of the Daft Punk album which included the song "Fragments of Time"?
17 May 2013
The Street That Cut Everything is a British television documentary presented by Nick Robinson, a political editor for who? 
BBC
What native of Monroe, Georgia helped write the song "Cruise"?
Tyler Hubbard
Which institution is located in Turkey, Bahçeşehir University or Drexel University?
Bahçeşehir University
Morgan and Lindsey, Inc., operated variety chain stores, and was eventually absorbed into a chain of five and dime stores in the United States from 1906 until when?
1990s
What is the middle name of the actor who voiced the robot barber in short film Modern Inventions ?
Avon
What year was the film that the British actor born 5 May 1983, centering on Matt Ocre, a young rifleman in the United States Army, released?
2017
Who is the coach of a team competing in Brazil in 2014?
Javier Aguirre
Which of Peter Lincoln's brothers had an acting career?
Eden Kane
Which cathedral is in Cambridgeshire, Ripon Cathedral or Ely Cathedral?
Ely Cathedral
The "Nike Hypervenom" is endorced by which Manchester United forward?
Marcus Rashford
Malfunkshun and The White Tie Affair are both types of what? 
band
 Milan Kristić managed the team that was nicknamed what?
Les Aigles de Carthage
Packwood Lake is in what region of the United States?
Pacific Northwest
When was the person who provide the information that Abuzar Buzjani worked wonders and died in 366-67/988 born?
7 November 1414
What seventh "Nimitz"-class nuclear-powered supercarrier did Sibel Catherine Galindez née Ergener meet her husband on?
USS John C. Stennis
Jill Duggar Dillard appears on a TLC reality show which features what two parents of the Duggar family?
Jim Bob and Michelle
Is the University where Edward M. Brownlee became the first recipient of a Master of Fine Arts degree a public or private school?
public
Of the University of Dayton and the University of Detroit Mercy, which was founded first?
University of Dayton
When were the Detroit Music Awards, which feature some of Detroit's most notable musical artists like Bob Seger, initially proposed?
1988
na-Maria Yanakieva studied at which the Dimitar Berbatov foundation, na-Maria Yanakieva studied at which foundation, founded for Dimitar Ivanov Berbatov who played for which Indian Super League club ?
Kerala Blasters
Which two-hour programming block geared toward older audiences was originally hosted by Nick Cannon?
SNICK
Which is spain's smallest national park: Teide National Park, or Tablas de Daimiel National Park
Tablas de Daimiel National Park
Sofia Richie has been featured in campaigns by what company that was founded in 1985?
Tommy Hilfiger
Diodorus of Alexandria was a pupil of the philosopher in what tradition?
Stoic
What type of mixture is Vaseline?
semisolid
William Lewis Sublette exploited the riches along a wagon route that is how many miles long?
2170
What is a 1996 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh, that was produced by a man who formed the film production company Thin Man Films in 1988?
Secrets & Lies
When did the sixth episode of the seventh season of the American animated science fiction comedy series created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcast Company originally air?
July 18, 2012
Richard de Clair, 5th Earl of Hertford's wife's father died on what day?
22 July 1240
When did the English actress who appeared in the British drama that debuted on ITV begin writing?
1995
In the Name of the King starred the actress of what nationality?
English
What English playwright, composer, director, actor and singer, known for his wit, flamboyance, and what "Time" magazine called "a sense of personal style, wrote the song,   "I'll See You Again"?
Noël Peirce Coward
Bernardus Maria Ignatius was born in what city that is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands?
Amsterdam
 Royal Air Force Valley provides fast-jet training using an advanced trainer aircraft first flown in what year?
1974
Who directed the 1951 British science fiction comedy film in which an American actor and decorated naval officer of World War II starred in?
Val Guest
James are an English rock band from Manchester, their best-known singles include "Laid", which also became a hit on American college radio, it's the title song from which year album "Laid" ? 
1993
Which of the plants has more common names? Psilotum or Conophytum
Conophytum
In what country was William Burnes trained as a gardener?
Scotland
Centocor is a unit of a company founded in which year ?
1886
What is the nationality of the electronic music band that released the album 2.0 ?
American
Which theme park 50km north of Düsseldorf contains the ride Van Helsing's Factory?
Movie Park Germany
Cognitive elite is a term coined by the author of what 1984 book?
Losing Ground: American Social Policy 1950–1980
What do Markus Feehily and Ian Gillan have in common?
singer and songwriter
What 1974 film was co-written by an American film director, screenwriter and producer born November 30, 1943? 
The Gravy Train
Who, Ransom Riggs or Jonathan Frakes, narrated the History Channel documentary "Lee and Grant"?
Jonathan Scott Frakes
Hüsker Dü and Joy Division are both what?
rock band
This New York City born actress gained prominence for her lead roll in an American romantic comedy film with many scenes shot at what Tacoma school?
Stadium High School
Who is more well-known, B. Traven or Alan Sillitoe?
Alan Sillitoe
What New York-based graphic designer has a client base which includes the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation housed at Taliesin West?
Bonnie Siegler
Who wrote the song which was ahead of "Purple Rain on the charts in 1984?
George Michael.
"Move You" is a song by the winner of the inaugural season of what television series?
American Idol
In what film did Stephen Dunham star alongside Jane Fonda?
Monster-in-Law
which scheduled monument within the town of Ellon, Aberdeenshire.did  Michaela Reid moved into
Ellon Castle
What country of origin does A Walk on the Moon and Diane Lane have in common?
American
What canadian reality television series features Drew Scott and airs on HGTV in the United States?
Property Brothers
Which midfielder won the South American Footballer of the Year award?
Juan Sebastián Verón
Railroad Model Craftsman and Mother Jones, are of which nationality?
American
One of David Kaye's roles was to play several characters in what animated television series that was designed to capitalize on the 2012 film, "The Avengers"?
Avengers Assemble
What do both Michael Kiske and Terry McBride have in common?
singer
America: Imagine the World Without Her is a film by a political commentator who was born on what year ?
1961
In what year was the mother of Theodosia Burr Alston born?
1746
Bergen Arches is located in this city that is the second most populous after which city within the state?
Newark
What is the birthdate of this Iraqi-British architect, who designed 520 West 28th Street?
31 October 1950
are both Genii Phebalium and Phyllodoce endemic to the same continent ?
no
 Pinback and The Wombats share what genre of music?
rock
Which best-selling artist recorded the 1957 album Jack B. Nimble – A Mother Goose Fantasy?
Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby Jr.
Walter Leslie Duncan, director of the Adelaide Steamship Company, resigned from the Senate in what year?
1931
Rotman, is a settlement in the Municipality of Juršinci in which northeastern country, a municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws to which it is subordinate?
Slovenia
The Boniface Association owes its name to which Anglo-Saxon missionary through the Frankish Empire?
Saint Boniface
America's Response Monument  in in front of what rebuilt building that is the sixth tallest in the world
One World Trade Center
Which film was released first, The Pacifier or Hercules?
Hercules
Which Norwegian skater starred in the film Iceland?
Sonja Henie
The founder of the school that was awarded the UNESCO Mozart Medal in 2003 was born in what city?
St Albans
Giulio Pace de Beriga, was a well-known Italian scholar, of which ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of Classical Greece, and jurist?
Aristotle
Pacific Radio Group owns what radio station in the Maui county that is home to Maui's main airport?
KJKS
Which of these documentary films is an American romantic comedy, "Protected" or "Meet the Patels"?
Meet the Patels
What year did the former front-woman of Warlock release her seventh solo album?
2000
Which was opened first, the Lupin Mine or the Hedley Mascot Mine?
Hedley Mascot Mine
Slackers starred which Canadian actor?
Devon Edward Sawa
Which writer is from Chile, Pablo Neruda or Lincoln Steffens?
Pablo Neruda
What university, located in Oxford, Mississippi, replaced its old mascot, Colonel Reb, by the new anthropormorphic mascot Rebel The Black Bear?
University of Mississippi
What is the name of the actress who performed in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "How I Met Your Mother" as "The Mother"?
Cristin Milioti
The actor who played Harry H. Corbett in The Curse of Steptoe also played which character in the Harry Potter films?
Lucius Malfoy
On which side of the Baltic Sea did the 2001 Baltic Cup take place?
the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea
What actor of the 1986 film The Color of Money, voiced the animated, anthropomorphic retired race car who appears in the 2006 Pixar film "Cars" as a medical doctor and a local judge?
Paul Newman
Which has more people, Tumen, Jilin or Xiangcheng City?
Xiangcheng
which member of the American Basketball Association was Ramsey a head coach for 
The Kentucky Colonels
Who developed the video game in which Kiff VandenHeuvel voiced Zachary Hale Comstock?
Irrational Games
The organisation that was announced as sponsors of the Friends Life t20 competition was based in what country?
United Kingdom
The tract where "Upstart Crow" gets its name came out in what year?
1592
In what year was the star of "Where Hands Touch" born?
1998
The most nominations at the Chicago Film Critics Association Awards in 2016 went to a coming-of-age drama film that was based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney, and was written and directed by who?
Barry Jenkins
Sir Nolan has worked with what sibling musical group signed to Republic Nashville in August 2009?
The Band Perry
Bethany Beardslee has performed classical music by which Austrian composer and theorist?
Arnold Franz Walter Schoenberg
Are both Super Furry Animals and Juliette and the Licks rock bands?
yes
Go North starred the eldest son of which bodybuilder?
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Where was Silver Rocket recorded?
Greene St. Recording in New York City
Are Liuzhi Special District and Huangzhou District both located in China?
yes
When did the former wife of Graf von Bismarck-Schönhausen donate a piece to the Smithsonian she purchased on her honeymoon with a different man?
1967
Does both King of Tokyo and Game of the Goose require dice?
yes
Gay Talese and Gerhart Hauptmann are both what?
an American writer
Which comedy current affairs show on Channel 4 does this English comedian and broadcaster, who also presented "Thumb Bandits"?
The 11 O'Clock Show
The Tv show which Max Ehrich played a computer hacker was based on a novel written by who?
Stephen King
The Tongue River Dam impounds a  tributary that is approximately how many miles long?
265
1997 UEFA Champions League Final was held in what country?
Germany
Which American rapper worked with Dr. Dre on a song with a similar theme to "Forgot About Dre?"
Snoop Dogg
Hans Hermann Weyer is given credit for the adoption of which German-American entrepreneur?
Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt
Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land is a role-playing game in the subgenre named after what author?
H. P. Lovecraft
Which character was played by the American actress who starred in Richard III at American Conservatory Theatre?
Lady Macbeth
What is the name of the album that precedes the 2017 album that was released through Fueled by Ramen and contained the song "Told You So?"
Paramore
Emily Rossum start in Shameless a remake of a series from what national market?
British
Who died at the oldest age, Ellen Heaton or John Ruskin?
Ellen Heaton
Are Víctor García and Vanessa White in the same industry?
yes
Are K6 and Skil Brum both located in Pakistan?
yes
How many Grammy award nominations does the singer for "I Never Once Stopped Loving You" have?
11
Which continent, located almost entirely within the Northern and Western Hemispheres, did Thaddeus Radzilowski lecture in?
North America
Do the films Vanishing of the Bees and National Bird have the same director?
no
Which enterprises is this American gaming executive and real estate developer best known for, responsible for Excalibur and this hotel and casino situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip?
Circus Circus Enterprises
Top 5 Restaurants is a television series presented in part by which Food Network personality?
Sunny Anderson
One Dream, is a Korean-language song performed by South Korean pop singer BoA, it features which Canadian singer, rapper, dancer, composer, record producer, beatboxer, actor and entertainer mostly active in South Korea?
Henry Lau
Adrian Logan (born 1 August 1955 in Dungannon) is a Northern Irish television presenter and journalist, Dungannon is a town in which county in Northern Ireland?
County Tyrone
In "Parks and Recreation" Chris Pratt played Andy Dyer, who was eventually who's assistant on the show?
Leslie Knope
Buffalo G and more famously Bananarama both covered "We're Really Saying Something", originally performed in 1964 by which band?
the Velvelettes
What battle had the code name Operation Iceberg, Battle of Okinawa or Second Battle of Bull Run?
Battle of Okinawa
When did the team that beat Manchester City in the FA Cup join the Premier League for the first time?
2005
Who did Lizzette Reynolds fire to make her notable in November 2007?
Christine Comer
What is Dukes of Hazzard?
series
Which French term coined in 1968 by Jacques Pictet could the controversial Midtown Walmart be referred to as?
hypermarket
Which strategy board game, Twilight Imperium or Focus, appears in Sackson's "A Gamut of Games"?
Focus
JP Cooper is best known for featuring on which single, which was also covered by a South Korean girl group named AOA?
Perfect Strangers
In 2006, for emissions reasons, India Yamaha Motor replaced its RX 100 two-stroke motorcycle with the Yamaha Crux. What type of engine does the Crux have?
four-stroke
Lake Winnepesaukah has the oldest ride of what type, which finishes with a climactic splashdown?
old mill
Which person Jim Cassell has been responsible for the development of plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team?
Daniel Sturridge
The United Wireless Arena is located in what county?
Ford County
the husband of Soma Khan was a disciple of a musician how was awarded the Padma Bhushan in which year ?
1971
Mário Neto has a victory in MMA over the professional boxer who competes in what division?
heavyweight
Dana Rose DeLorenzo currently stars as Kelly Maxwell in "Ash vs Evil Dead", an American horror comedy television series developed by Sam Raimi, Ivan Raimi, and Tom Spezialy for what network?
Starz
Jamie Dorrington starred in "Happy Valley" alongside what English actress from Oldham, Lancashire.
Sarah Lancashire
Which is a type of vine, Maytenus or Dactylorhiza?
Maytenus
The King and Queen of America was co-written by the singer and activist of which heritage?
Scottish
Which Persian artist was known for his scientific achievements, rather than his poetry; Jami or Al-Khazini?
al-Khāzini
Which institution of higher education consists of more separate establishments, Grinnell College or Texas Tech University System?
Texas Tech University System
Are Java and Shatar both games?
yes
At the 2008 french open Katarina Srebotnik defeated an American professional tennis player who was born on what date?
September 26, 1981
Where is the headquarter of the Coop Extra?
Oslo
Ludwig Wenzel Lachnith was influenced by which Austrian "Father of the Symphony?"
Joseph Haydn
Who directed the 2013 German drama film starring the Northern Irish actress and former fashion designer, best known for appearing in Jack Dee's sitcom "Lead Balloon"?
Sherry Hormann
While producing her music one of John Owen Williams artists, was considered to the be the first what to cart at number one in the US?
female rapper
Kid Cudi and Jonathan Davis, are of which nationality?
American
Dai Evans plays for Bury F.C., a football club based where?
Bury, Greater Manchester, England
What is an American bi-weekly magazine devoted to short articles about new scientific and technical developments, Cosmogirl or Science News?
Science News
Who wrote an opera based on the life of a man elected archon in 493 BC?
François-André Danican Philidor
Sierra Nevada National Park and Cabañeros National Park, both are National Parks, and are in which country? 
Spain
Where was the driver of the Haas VF-17 born?
Geneva
What country of origin does Deeper, Deeper, Deeper Still and Neil deGrasse Tyson have in common?
American
What is the formal name of the tree that is the dominant vegetation on the west side of the Ochoco Mountains, commonly known as the ponderosa pine?
ponderosa pine
Who won 2 Grand Slam doubles titles, Ellis Ferreira or Pavel Složil?
Ellis Ferreira
What movie was Salina Giles in that was directed by James McTeigue?
V for Vendetta
Were Ryūnosuke Akutagawa and Carl Sagan both writers?
yes
The Treaty of Prairie du Chien may refer to any of several treaties made between the United States and representatives from the native american people who called themselves what?
Neshnabé
In what region of New South Wales, Australia was Dame Ella Macknight born? 
Riverina
Which football club is based in Paderborn,North Rhine-Westphalia and has a current player named Christian Strohdiek?
SC Paderborn 07
What company published a Canadian version of the Meredith Corporation magazine that published articles by Holly Morris?
Transcontinental
What was the population of Osage County, Kansas in 2010?
16,295
"Moving On" is the sixteenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the 192nd episode overall, the episode guest stars Bob Odenkirk, an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer, best known for his role as dubious smooth-talking lawyer Saul Goodman/Jimmy McGill on which organization's crime drama series "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul"?
AMC
WHich One Rogue Reporter star was born on August 8th 1984?
Owen Jones
What show that starred Damien Bodie was created by the producers of "packed to the Rafters"?
Winners & Losers
Who previously served as the 32nd Attorney General of California who's successor was elected as District Attorney of San Francisco in November 2011?
Kamala Devi Harris
What co-founder of MX Digital starred on The Wonder Years
Jason Hervey
Who is the parent company of Google that also offers Project Shield?
Alphabet Inc.
Trent Garrett, is an American actor and model, in which year, he has had a recurring role as Bowie, Andi Mack's father, in the Disney Channel original series Andi Mack?
2017
Barkha Sharma is an Indian fashion designer, in 2010, the duo styled who, which  is an Indian classical musician of Hindustani classical music, he plays santoor and is also a vocalist?
Rahul Sharma
Historical Advanced Squad Leader module lists official products produced by what company whose logo contains its initials "AH"
Avalon Hill
Are Busitema University and Alexandria University both public universities?
yes
The African Americans groups which , Killah Priest areconnected to are descendants of which people
ancient Israelites
Name the two families featured in the sitcom written by the writer of the first half of "Good Morning, Vietnam".
the Tates and the Campbells
Looking for... the best is an album by the man who set a Guinness World Record as the most watched man on TV, and was released in Germany when?
October 1995
Between Death Faces and Sacro GRA, which film was released earlier?
Death Faces
Who directed a sound film first Béla Gaál or Millard Webb ?
Millard Webb
Which of the following is known to be the 2nd French citizen in space: Patrick Baudry or Mark Shuttleworth?
Patrick Pierre Roger Baudry
The Collected Broadcasts of Idi Amin was written by an English humourist well known as a team captain on what BBC television show?
Call My Bluff
The football team based in Chester,Cheshire moved to what stadium in 1992?
Deva Stadium
When was the Finnish racing executive and former driver born who finished the 49th International Swedish Rally?
26 June 1964
What group did the American musician and songwriter co-found with his brother, to whom the opening track of Songs for the Incurable Heart was dedicated?
Pantera
Where was Bob Dunlop born?
Ivanhoe
When was the American singer and producer born who's debut album is "Santogold" and also has appearance in Long Live ASAP album?
September 25, 1976
In what year was one of Karen Todner's clients accused of perpetrating the "biggest military computer hack of all time"?
2002
Which game won the Spiel des Jahres first, Mississippi Queen or Chicken Cha Cha Cha?
Mississippi Queen
What stop on a road established on November 11, 1926 was home to workers of the Santa Fe Railroad?
Goffs
Wilhelm Reich and Jorge Luis Borges, have which occupation in common?
writer
Pamela Hayden does voices for a show featuring a family with Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie, who live in what city?
Springfield
Which film premiered first, The Pixar Story or No Deposit, No Return?
No Deposit, No Return
Louisiana Highway 19 (LA 19) is a state highway located in southeastern Louisiana, it runs in a north–south direction from U.S. Highway 61 (US 61) in Baton Rouge, the capital of the U.S. state of Louisiana, and its second-largest city, to the Mississippi state line north of which city?
Norwood
Warriors, is a British television drama serial, written by Leigh Jackson, it stars include which English actor and producer, he played U.S. Army Major Richard Winters in which organization, miniseries "Band of Brothers"?
HBO
How large is the complex where Vdara Hotel & Spa is located ?
16797000 sqft
What is the translation of the river that the HMS "Mersey" is named after?
"boundary river"
Are Maxïmo Park and Belly both alternative rock bands?
yes
"Idle Chatter" is a popular song adapted from the popular 19th Century Ballet, "Dance of the Hours" written by who?
Ponchielli
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir was born in the largest city in what country?
Iceland
Who won more Academy awards, Ron Fricke or Neil Jordan?
Neil Patrick Jordan
The Drowning is a 2013 first-person shooter video game developed by Scattered Entertainment and published by DeNA/Mobage, a portal and social network for games, owned by what company?
DeNA
Kennebunk, is a town in York County, Maine,Kennebunk is home to several beaches, the Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge,in which country?
United States
Charles Douglas "Cully" Stimson joined an American conservative think tank based in what location?
Washington, D.C.
Trivial Pursuit and Hijara, are which form of entertainment?
board game
Molii Fishpond is part of the ranch how far from Honolulu?
24 miles
In what country in eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region are Mesoxantha butterflies found?
Tanzania
Delbert Mann and Stuart Heisler, have which mutual occupations?
television and film director
What was the name of the English computer scientist who inspired a movie written by English screenwriter Craig Warner?
Alan Turing
What type of genre does Durance and Fiasco have in common?
role-playing game
Spain, officially the Kingdom of Spain, is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe,the country's mainland is bordered to the north and northeast by which location,a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe, located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France? 
Principality of Andorra
My Friend Dahmer is a film about an American serial killer and sex offender who committed the rape, murder, and dismemberment of seventeen men and boys, and was known as what?
the Milwaukee Cannibal
 Virtuality is a song from a progressive rock band formed in what year?
1968
When was the frontman of Anal Cunt died?
June 11, 2011
Which municipality established in 2013 is where Cezar Mateus works?
Princeton, New Jersey
 Which film was made first Portrait of Gina or Crazy Love?
Portrait of Gina
Which U.S. Senator won re-election to a third term in which  James Charles Slattery was the Democratic candidate in 2008?
Pat Roberts
Which Argentine goalscorer is widely recognized as restoring AS Roma's reputation in the mid 1990s?
Abel Balbo
Cara Butler is the younger sister of an American stepdancer who is best known for originating the principal female role in what production?
Riverdance
Coke Bottle featured the American rapper from what Georgia city?
Atlanta
Hartmut Mehdorn, is a German manager and mechanical engineer, he served as CEO of Germany's second largest airline, and Europe's seventh-largest airline in terms of passengers carried, until he stepped down in January 2013?
Air Berlin
Glamour, a 1931 British drama film, directed by Seymour Hicks starred which English actress known as 'Lady Hicks' and best known for her performances in Edwardian musical comedies?
Ellaline Terriss
Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark was the son of which king that was assassinated in 1913?  
George I
Are both Alpinia and Xerophyllum genuses of plants?
yes
"Fairground" is a 1995 single released by Simply Red from the album "Life", Simply Red are a British soul and pop band which formed in which year, in Manchester?
1985
Who was the author of Princess of Gossip who also starred in Disney Channel Original Move?
Sabrina Bryan
Play with Me Sesame, is a children's television series, spin off from Sesame Street, the series was produced by Sesame Workshop, and which American animation studio?
Nick Digital
In what state's capital did Abhay R. Vasavada start Raghudeep Eye Clinic?
Gujarat
What is the nickname of the international team that used Fujieda Sports Complex Park as a 2002 FIFA World Cup training camp ?
Lions of Teranga
Are David Fincher and Vincenzo Natali both film directors ?
yes
The second USS Henry W. Tucker was a "Gearing"-class destroyer of the United States Navy, named for Pharmacist’s Mate Third Class, Henry W. Tucker (1919–1942) who was killed in action, during which major naval battle between the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), and naval and air forces from the United States and Australia?
Battle of the Coral Sea
Which person, who succeeded in 1071 to the Earldom of Hereford, participated in the last serious act of resistance against William in the Norman Conquest?
Roger de Breteuil
In what decade did the director of the film The Day of the Dolphin begin his career? 
1950s
The Love Machines stars an actor born in 1926, known for his nightclub performances in what city?
Las Vegas
Concerning the genus Coffea and Echinacea, which is the most valuable?
Coffea
Along what road was the former mall near White Flint station located?
Rockville Pike
What area of Hong Kong is in the northern part of Mong Kok, where the north end of Canton Road terminates? 
the Prince Edward area
The Denver Broncos season was the franchise's 41st season in the National Football League, the 51st overall and the 10th playing their home games at INVESCO Field at Mile High, the off-season was marked by the draft selections of Georgia Tech, Demaryius Thomas, an American football wide receiver for the Denver Broncos of which organization?
National Football League (NFL)
Polish Lowland Sheepdog and Brazilian Terrier are examples of breeds of which animal?
dog
Who was the first editor of the magazine in which "The Gingerbread Man" was published?
Mary Mapes Dodge
Which American author wrote the novel "The Celestine Prophecy", Harlan Coben or James Redfield?
James Redfield
When was Alexander Aris's father born?
27 March 1946
What Australian academic, author and feminist, was a panelist on the Australian comedy talk show Salam Cafe?
Susan Carland
Which 2004 dark comedy film based on novels by Lemony Snicket starred an actress who also appeared in the science-fiction series, Thunderstone? 
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events
The 15th annual 2011 Webby Awards were held on June 13, 2011 in New York City, the Webby for lifetime achievement was awarded to which former American Motorola executive, and engineer?
Martin Cooper
Vertical Limit stars which actor who also played astronaut Alan Shepard in "The Right Stuff"?
Scott Glenn
Thomas Sutherland was held hostage for 2353 days and released at the same time as English humanitarian and author born on what day?
born 31 May 1939
Kancamagus' grandfathers name translates to what?
Child of the Bear
In addition to Aled Jones, Jamie Cullum, Clare Teal and the English tenor born in September 1973, who else have the City of Bath Male Choir sung with?
Rhiannon Lambert
Spider One and John Popper, are of which nationality?
American
Anzac day was created because of a war that took place where?
Gallipoli peninsula
 "In Marge We Trust" guest starred an actor who was born in what year?
1946
The 2009 Montana Grizzlies were coached by what current special teams coach for San Diego State?
Robert Lawrence Hauck
Hotpoint Electric Heating Company bought European rights to a company headquartered where?
Louisville, Kentucky
The actor that plays Mance Rayder in "Game of Thrones" also appeared with Angelina Jolie in an action adventure film based on what video game?
"Tomb Raider"
Did Matthew Sweet or The Vaccines enjoy longer careers as part of the rock music scene?
Matthew Sweet
Which Nobel Prize winner had a daughter who is considered to the be the first woman in electrical noise theory?
Hendrik Antoon Lorentz
What film directed by Don Mancini has the main character of a murderous doll and is the fourth installment in its francise?  
Bride of Chucky
Which former Danish profession racing driver did Loïc Duval win the 2013 24 Hours of Le Mans with?
Tom Kristensen
On what year was the artist that replaced Scott Weiland born?
1976
Wade Dooley was known by what nickname, inspired by a 518-foot tall tower in England?
Blackpool Tower
The Universe Championships are annual worldwide bodybuilding events organised by which organization, notable previous winners include bodybuilder, actor, and former governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger and bodybuilder and actor Steve Reeves?
National Amateur Body-Builders' Association (NABBA)
Jessie the Yodeling Cowgirl from Toy Story 2 and 3 also appears in what 21-minute Halloween television special? 
Toy Story of Terror!
What actress and singer starred in the show that Kanter was creator and executive producer for?
Diahann Carroll
What is the nationality of the author of the 1987 novel The Enigma of Arrival: A Novel in Five Sections?
British
What state is the location of this embayment off Long Island Sound that is the location of the Cornelius Van Wyck House?
New York
Which American comedy-drama film directed by Greg Berlanti will Miles Hieizer star in?
Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda
Did Carlos Diegues or Peter Watkins have more international experience behind their films?
Peter Watkins
Nicholar Winton, who's work was found out in 1988, was given what nickname by the British press?
British Schindler
What is the largest town in the county where Leftwich is located?
Warrington
Which attack took place during the Hundred Days Offensive:  Meuse-Argonne Offensive or Battle of Guam?
Meuse-Argonne Offensive
What is the name of the geographical region that early Islamic usage often regarded everywhere east of western Persia and where Vistaham helped Khosrow regain his throne after the rebellion of Bahram Chobin?  
Khorasan
Which University is a private Ivy League university, University of Delaware or Columbia University?
Columbia University
Joanne Grant was an African-American journalist and civil rights activist, she directed  a documentary about?
Ella Baker
The Electrics are a Celtic rock band from Dumbarton, Scotland, the band evolved a celtic rock sound, heavily influenced by The Waterboys are a Scottish/Irish folk rock band formed in Edinburgh in 1983 by which Scottish musician?
Mike Scott
Are both Polypodium and Mukdenia considered genus species of ferns?
no
The New American Story is a book written by former United States Senator and who, which 2000 presidential hopeful, and an American former professional basketball player and politician?
Bill Bradley
Which private Catholic university in Wisconsin did Michael P. Sullivan attend?
Marquette University
which opera had more acts? Le roi d'Ys or La favorite?
La Favorite
Between Shibataea and Pediocactus, which is a genus of a Chinese bamboo in the grass family?
Shibataea
HMS "Royal Oak" was one of how many, "Revenge"-class battleships, built for the Royal Navy during the First World War?
five
In which year the female co-founder of Monkeystone Games born?
1976
Mallory Jansen (born 18 June 1989) is an Australian actress, she had recurring roles in the ABC Family sitcom Young & Hungry is an American sitcom created by David Holden, and executive produced by who?
Ashley Tisdale
John Hamilton-Leslie fought on the side of a King of Great Britain and Ireland who was the ruler of the Duchy and Electorate of Brunswick-Luneburg in what empire?
Holy Roman Empire
Who was the desiner for the further developments of Aquila which became 14-cylinder two-row radial aircraft engine?
Sir Roy Fedden
The Five Minutes Short EP was released by the band from the county seat of what Kansas county?
Douglas
The Off-Beats is a series of short animations that was created by Mo Willems, best known for which Cartoon Network television series, which American animated television series created by Mo Willems for Cartoon Network, and the 9th of the network's Cartoon Cartoons?
Sheep in the Big City
When was  Prince William, Duke of Cambridge father born 
14 November 1948
 "Belle" is a song for Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast", released in which year, the song was written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Elliott Ashman, an American playwright and lyricist?
1991
What nationality do Ara Dinkjian and Matt Vasgersian have in common?
American
Which ideology did those that removed Rchiard Tungel from his position follow?
Nazism
What was the fourth studio album of the solo artist who had three minor country singles in the charts as one half of the duo Skip & Linda?
Some Things Are Meant to Be
What American professor of cognitive science whose research focuses on the sense of "I" developed the Parallel terraced scan with John Rehling?
Douglas Hofstadter
What form of drama based on human suffering was added to Gilmore Girls by Amy Sherman-Palladino?
Tragedy
What radio station features personalities like Larry the Duck and is based in Ronkonkoma?
WPTY
This city-owned public-use airport is in a city with a population of what as of the 2010 census?
90,928
n which country was citizen Kartam Joga a political activist and Maoist, imprisoned for participating in an ambush in which 75 members of the Central Armed Forces, originally known as the Crown Representative's Police, were killed?
India
The man who directed The Double who also directed a 2010 British coming-of-age comedy-drama film adapted from the 2008 novel of the same name by Joe Dunthorne, is best known as what?
Maurice Moss
How many seasons did the man whose name was use in Honor of Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy played  in the National Hockey League?
18 seasons
 Charles "Pete" Conrad Jr., an American astronaut, set an eight-day space endurance record along with his Command Pilot Gordon Cooper, one of the seven original astronauts in the first manned space program of the United States called what?
Project Mercury
What lobbying group was established by the 25th National Security Advisor?
Flynn Intel Group
Are McClure's and Famous Monsters of Filmland both magazines?
yes
Which county in England is home to British former Liberal Democrat Member of the European Parliament, Diana Wallis?
Hertfordshire
Who won more Academy Awards Robert Ellis or Kevin Costner ?
Kevin Michael Costner
What award did Gene Hackman win for his performance in a movie that was adapted and fictionalized from a 1969 book by Robin Moore?
Academy Award for Best Actor
Thomas D'Alesandro Jr. is the father of the Minority Leader who represents what district?
California's 12th
Who directed the 2014 film that cast the professional surfer who lost part of her arm in a 2003 shark attack?
Charles Martin Smith
 Snowshoe Peak is the highest peak in a part of the Rocky Mountains that cover how many square miles?
2,134
What movie series with Lucy Liu became a television series for Nickelodeon?
Kung Fu Panda
Which Julliard-trained actor appeared in the 1990 film Alice?
William Hurt
Alicja Bachleda-Curuś has made an appearance in which 1999 Andrzej Wajda film?
Pan Tadeusz
Deion Luywnn Sanders Sr. was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame 7 years after hosting the 35th Annual GMA Music Awards with whom?
Yolanda Adams
Which of the stars in the movie Housesitter was born August 14,1945?
Steve Martin
What era was the well known buliding on the border of United States and Canada declared a heritage building by both?
It was declared a heritage building by both countries in the 1970s.
 Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations was written by an author who is a former what?
Dutch politician
Wim Schuhmacher is mostly associated with a genre sometimes called what ?
fabulism
Where did the star , who is also an executive producer, of the Mick begin her carrer? 
Los Angeles, California
NatureWalk at Seagrove is a 155-acre community located in Seagrove Beach, Florida, Seagrove is located on the Florida Panhandle along which unofficial name for the coastal area in the US state of Florida on the Gulf of Mexico that stretches about 100 mi (161 km) through five counties, Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, Walton, and Bay, from Pensacola to Panama City?
Emerald Coast
 Memphis Belle is the nickname of a four-engine bomber which was introduced in what year?
1938
Who is the oldest, Anna Lewandowska or her husband?
Robert Lewandowski
What nationality are the musicians Kelly Keagy and Mark Farner?
American
Anthony Powell won his 3rd Academy award for his work on a movie that was directed by who?
Roman Polanski
In what year did the football club Serhiy Kryvtsov is in start?
2014
Rosalyn Borden worked with the singer and actor who referred to his nose with what term?
the Schnozzola
Which university has more schools under it's University System, Duke University or the University of Minnesota?
The University of Minnesota
What is the location that the film "Free State of Jones" based on?
Jones County, Mississippi
Where did the actor who plays Ross Geller attend college?
Northwestern University
The which actress was in both Maude and The Dreamer of Oz: The L.Frank Baum Story?
Rue McClanahan
What is the legal name of the rapper who is covered on track 5 of BBNG2?
Radric Delantic Davis
Were both Luca Parmitano and Dumitru Prunariu Russian astronauts?
no
Who wrote the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of "Pretty Little Liars", featuring Shay Mitchell as Emily?
Charlie Craig
Which university, George Washington University or Jordan University of Science and Technology, is located in the capital of the United States?
George Washington University
Simenona Martinez had a role in the 2012 crime-thriller film directed by whom?
Rob Cohen
Gods such as Anhur, Nubia appear  in short stores and religious material in what theology? 
Egyptian mythology
Are Vernonia and Pistia both aquatic plants?
no
Are both Mark Wystrach and Jimi Jamison American musicians?
yes
What is the net worth of the founder of Open Society Archives as of May 2017?
$25.2 billion
What song was written by Sam Lewis did the group composed of Nayeon and Jeongyeon and other girls sing?
"Cheer Up"
University of Oklahoma and Boston University, share this school class type?
research
What type of media does Jeevitham Oru Raagam and Cinema of India have in common?
film
What was the birthdate of Charlotte Bonaparte's husband's father?
2 September 1778
Who was born first, Marc Akerstream or Jackie Chan?
Jackie Chan
 Isabelle's ghost bat is found in a country that covers how much of the continent's land area?
47.3%
 The San Francisco Fire Department provides services to a small island that was used as a what from 1934 until 1963?
federal prison
About how many items does the library that the 53rd Street Library is a branch of contain?
nearly 53 million items
When was a Major League Baseball player nicknamed "Pudge" voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame?
January 18, 2017
Which genus has more species Fatsia or Leuchtenbergia ?
Fatsia
Savoia-Marchetti SM.85 was an Italian monoplane dive bomber, what country was the Junkers Ju 87 from?
a German
"Coming Back to Life" is a song from Pink Floyd's 1994 album "The Division Bell", and is credited solely to which English guitarist, singer and songwriter best known as a longtime member of the progressive rock band Pink Floyd?
David Jon Gilmour
What country is the woman who posed in a photograph with Blue Duck from?
American
Who was born first, Betty Stöve or Lindsay Davenport?
Betty Stöve
When is the American writer and journalist who is one of the writer of The Wise Men born 
May 20, 1952
University of California, San Diego and Tribhuvan University, are universities of which mutual type?
public
What do Vanderbilt University and University of Virginia mainly focus on?
research
What is the ethnicity of Ivanka Trump’s mother?
Czech-American
Are both Boronia and Escobaria native to the same continent?
no
What is the name of the brother of the Pantera guitarist honoured in the STEMM song "The Memory Remains"?
Vinnie Paul
What dynasty was Irarum's successor, mentioned on a stone tablet, the ruler of?
Gutian Dynasty of Sumer
Who served as mayor of Newark from 2006 to 2013 and what other position from New Jersey, and founded video-sharing website launched in April 16, 2013.
junior United States Senator
In what year was the film released in which a star of “The Restless Gun” also appeared alongside Maureen O'Hara and Edmund Gwenn?
1947
Are both Xinji and Liyang located in China?
yes
Matthew Trupiano was the boss of which St. Louis group?
Giordano crime family
How did Shannon Harper collaborate with Madeline Harper to create the Pseudonym of Anna James?
mail, fax machines and their computers
What genre does The Heatmakerz and The Diplomats have in common?
hip hop
Which magazine was published first, Giant Robot or Civil War Times?
Civil War Times
Who led the Calvary at the Battle where Major Joel H. Elliott was a casualty ?
Lt. Col. George Armstrong Custer
Toluca International Airport has service from which airline that has its headquarters in Lomas de Chapultepec, Miguel Hidalgo, Mexico City, Mexico?
Interjet
What singer of "Harper Valley PTA" had a song covered by Hoodoo Gurus?
Jeannie C. Riley
Did Pen Densham and Robert Aldrich have the same profession?
yes
45 Broad Street and One Vanderbilt are both what?
skyscraper under construction
Who is often called the inventor of opera, Hector Berlioz or Jacopo Peri ?
Jacopo Peri
The WSFN programming language was published in a journal that was launched in what year?
1975
Robyn Karney used to be a critic for what film magazine published monthly by Bauer Consumer Media of Hamburg 
Empire
Ratan Lal Nagar is a neighborhood that includes a branch office of which insurance group?
Life Insurance Corporation of India
VPB-92 was a Patrol Bombing Squadron of the U.S. Navy, it operated which was an American flying boat, and later an amphibious aircraft of the 1930s and 1940s produced by Consolidated Aircraft, throughout its operational history?
PBY-5A Catalina
Which National Park in Spain is listed as an IUCN Category II National Park, Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park or Picos de Europa National Park?
Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park
In what year was the producer of the musical The Witches of Eastwick born?
1946
The Pillars of Creation is the seventh installment of a fantasy series featuring how many novels?
nineteen
Huh Jung directed a South Korean horror film that was released on what day in 2017?
August 17
Henry N. Snyder served as president of a college established in what year?
1854
Doug Didero finished in 14th position in the Delphi Indy 200 at a speedway located in what state?
Florida
The reality television series that preceded "Slednecks" on Thursday nights concluded on what date?
February 7, 2013
Josi W. Konski, is a film producer, upon arriving in the US from which location, at a young age, Josi finished H. B. Plant High School in Tampa, Florida then studied to become an aeronautical engineer at Embry–Riddle Aeronautical University, (ERAU) is a private university system offering associate, bachelor, master's, and PhD degree programs in arts and sciences, aviation, business, engineering, computer programming, cyber security and security and intelligence?
Cuba
What film by Todd Strauss-Schulson stars "Trash Fire"?
The Final Girls
Ted Gibson's notable clients include an actress who played a DC Comics femme fatale in what film?
The Dark Knight Rises
When did the school that Vashti Cunningham jumped for open?
1954
Which drink is native to the Spanish region of Seville, The Clover Club Cocktail or the Agua de Sevilla?
Agua de Sevilla
In 2016, a tree on Crown Lands was chosen to become the City of Boston, Massachusetts' official Christmas tree, also known as ?
Boston Christmas Tree
Jacky Vincent is an English musician who was the lead guitarist and backing vocalist of a rock band formed in what year?
2008
When did an English pirate who operated in the Atlantic and Indian oceans in the mid-1690s command Fancy?
May 1694 to late 1695
Lorraine Heath is an author who received an award named for who?
Rita Clay Estrada
The first aerial crossing of the South Atlantic was made by the Portuguese naval aviators Gago Coutinho and Sacadura Cabral in which year, to mark the centennial of Brazil's independence, although the North Atlantic had already been traversed in a non-stop flight by John Alcock and Arthur Brown in 1919, Coutinho and Cabral's flight remains notable as a milestone in transatlantic aviation, and for its use of new technologies such as the artificial horizon?
1922
Mike Perry is known for the single that was released as a download in Sweden on what date?
15 April 2016
When was the guitarist born, who re-recorded the bass guitar for the album "True Norwegian Black Metal – Live in Grieghallen" by the band Gorgoroth?
18 June 1972
The star of the film "What Happened to Jones" was once a champion in what amateur sport?
boxing
What former member of the band Humble Pie guest starred on The Simpsons episode "Homerpalooza"?
Peter Frampton
Life Screams is an album by the singer from what Florida city?
Homestead
In what neighborhood of Upper Manhattan, New York City, does the Second Avenue Line of the New York City Subway border?
East Harlem
Which Disneyland show was adapted into a Christmas version, which appeared in the California and Florida parks from 1984?
Country Bear Jamboree
Whose films became famous earlier, George King or Mira Nair?
George King
Which is a film critic, Rod Lurie or Stanley Kramer?
Rod Lurie
In 1995 Peter Rasmussen played association football for the Danish team located in what city?
Aalborg
In which national park that was chartered in 1934 are Agnorisma bolli found?
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Do Matching games and Isola both have players?
yes
What type of media does In the Basement and Feiyu Show have in common?
film
How many applicants did the university, for which Richard Hatem is a professor on staff, have for the Fall of 2016?
119,000
The Mississipi River borders what state that suffered $500-700 million in damages during the 1979 Easter Flood?
Mississippi
Drivers Republic was founded in March 2008 by Steve Davies together with Richard Meaden; a co-founder of Evo, a British automobile magazine dedicated to what?
performance cars
Who did Charles Everett Lively assassinate during a series of armed labor conflicts in the United States, roughly between 1890 and 1930?
Sid Hatfield
What Author, Designer born in 1974 is the writter of The Order of the Stick
Rich Burlew
The Zadran is pronounced "dzādroṇ" in a dialect devided into two what?
varieties
In what county is the ghost town located where the 1925 movie Air Mail was filmed?
Nye County
Cheick Guillaume Ouedraogo holds notable wins over the likes of a mixed martial artist whois currentaly ranked as the #7 contender in what?
the official UFC rankings
What is the name of this Swiss academic, philosopher and writer who teaches at the Oxford Faculty of Theology and is a visiting professor at institutions around the world and whose relative is Egyptian author, and trade unionist Gamal al-Banna?
Tariq Ramadan
When was the English criminal on which Bronson was based born?
6 December 1952
Are both Pray the Devil Back to Hell and Diana's Hair Ego documentary films?
yes
In which year was this Swiss politician of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland who won the election at the Swiss Federal Council election, 2010, born?
1960
What year did film containing the character Judith Iscariot release?
1979
What country is the Socialist People's Party and Astrid Krag, it's Minister of Health and Prevention 2011-2014 from?
Denmark
Who was the father of the man who refused to grant Lower Lorraine to Henry II, Duke of Limburg?
Duke Frederick I
Which is a  a genus of flowering plants, Malcolmia or Libocedrus?
Malcolmia
What actor who starred in the 1997 film Lovelife was born in 1946 and also appeared in the X-Men franchise?
Bruce Davison
When was the song by British record producer Jonas Blue released in United Kingdom for which John Paul Cooper is best known for featuring?
3 June 2016
What team, which plays in the Big 12 Conference, did Wayman Tisdale play with when he was elected to the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame? 
The Oklahoma Sooners
Are Jonas Mekas and Marcel Duchamp both filmmakers?
no
The Heisman winner who had a poor NFL career and played quarterback at the University of Oklahoma is currently a business owner in what state
Oklahoma
Deinanthe and Sphaeralcea, are which type of mutual entity?
plants
What actor is best known for staring in Four Boys and a Gun and also acting as a Gunnery Sergeant in Gomez Pyle, U.S.M.C.?
Frank Sutton
What nationality are both Fiona Themann and the Adelaide Thunderbirds?
Australian
Are Brachyglottis and Kalopanax both members of the aster family?
no
Who owned the American clothing company that was a former store in Ward Parkway Center?
Sun Capital Partners.
How far northeast of Honolulu is the census-designated place where Kailua High School is located?
12 mi
From which state are The String Cheese Incident from?
Colorado
When did the person die who fought against Gonzalo Méndez de Canço in the Battle of San Juan?
28 January 1596
The Color of Light is a novel by William Goldman, an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, and was published in which year?
1984
Was Norman Rockwell's works of the cultural icon of World War II representing men or women?
women
Who was the author of the story that inspired the the film that featured the first pilot to fly solo around the world?
Ben Pivar
What city shares a Cadastral Division with a village that had only 89 people at the 2006 census?
Broken Hill
Which pizza chain is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Dion's or California Pizza Kitchen?
Dion’s is a privately owned chain of pizza restaurants based in Albuquerque, New Mexico
In what month was Zulay Henao's second movie feature released?
April
Emily Vance Gordon is best known for her role in what American comedy directed by Michael Showalter?
The Big Sick
What is the county seat of the county that incldes Four JG's Orchards & Vineyards?
Freehold Borough
What prize did Andrew Wiles win when he proved Fermat's Last Theorem in 1995?
2016 Abel Prize
RSPCA Animal Rescue is hosted by a musician born in which year ?
1963
The 1959 Pro Bowl was played at a stadium that has a permanent seating capacity of how many spectators ?
93,607
Robin Pingeton was hired to replace the current head women's basketball coach at what university?
Southern Illinois University Carbondale
Which actor in Airbag won the Academy Award for his role in "No Country for Old Men"?
Javier Bardem
What genre of music did Balance and Composure and Mother Mother play?
rock
What hamlet borders the east side of Long Island MacArthur Airport and is represented by Ginny Fields in the New York State Assembly?
Holbrook
Maurandya and Bowkeria are both what type of genus?
flowering plants
When did the long-time Real Madrid president died to whom the The Santiago Bernabéu Trophy was dedicated?
2 June 1978
What did the USarmy seargant and convicted drug trafficker that was believed to have been a major figure in smuggling heroin into the United States from Southeast Asia from about 1968 to 1975 deny about Frank Lucas?
that he smuggled heroin
Who performed the lead single on the soundtrack of Rocky Morton and Annabel Jankel's 1993 film?
Roxette
Which flowering tree genus is commonly grown as ornamentals in warm regions, Plumeria or Vitex?
Plumeria
Who was the executive producer of the soundtrack for which Rihanna recorded "Dancing in the Dark"?
Rihanna
Which American professional tennis player born in 1980 was a defending champion during the 2010 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Doubles?
Venus Williams
Edward Anthony Spitzka autopsied the brain of the American anarchist who assassinated which President?
William McKinley
Are Christina Stead and James Patterson both writers?
yes
Louis McLane Hamilton served under a General who was wounded during what battle in Virginia?
Battle of Culpeper Court House
Mikhail Sergachev, a Russian porofessional ice hockey defenseman, plays for which team that plays their home games in the Amalie Arena?
The Tampa Bay Lightning
What well preserved star fortress is St. Alban's Church in Copenhagen next to?
Kastellet
Who was born first, Greg Lake from Emerson, Lake and Palmer, or Blue Öyster Cult's Eric Bloom?
Eric Bloom
The birthplacce of Ian Johnston is located on what river?
River Lagan
Where are the headquarters of the owner of The Augusta Daily Gazette?
Perinton, New York
For which form of mass entertainment are 'Us Amongst The Rest' from York, UK and Skinny Puppy from Vancouver famous?
music
Nevil Shute and J. M. Coetzee, have which occupation in common?
novelist
In which stadium do the college were Lindsay Scott played his college football play their home games ? 
Sanford Stadium
Keiki Kawaiʻaeʻa is an Associate Professor at the University of Hawaii at Hilo where she serves as Director of the Ka Haka ʻUla O Keʻelikōlani College of Hawaiian Language, she holds a Professional Diploma in Elementary Education from Chaminade University, Chaminade University of Honolulu is a private, co-educational university in Honolulu, Hawaii, in which country?
United States
Who has won more Grammy awards, Darius Rucker or Conrad Lant?
Darius Carlos Rucker
What was the real name of the star of the 1963 film The Nutty Professor?
either Jerome Levitch or Joseph Levitch
Which singer was from the United States, Ian Ball or Aretha Franklin?
Aretha Louise Franklin
The army officer who comitted a murder in 1970 at fort bragg was born on which year ?
1943
Samfree is a Japanese music producer that using what software to produce his music?
Vocaloid
In My Arms contains samples from which song written and composed by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon?
Bette Davis Eyes
The Legion of Doom was a forward line for the Philadelphia Flyers that included a Canadian player who played junior hockey in the Ontario hockey league for what team?
Oshawa Generals
What NBC acclaimed comedy series was created by an American actress born in 1970 and best known for her work on 'Saturday Night Live'?
30 Rock
Which former chairman of the Assembly Environmental Conservation Committee was re-elected in the New York Comptroller election of 2014?
Thomas DiNapoli
What comedy film is inspired by the book by Gary Paulsen, Snow Dogs or Blank Check?
Snow Dogs
The North Melbourne Football Club, nicknamed the Kangaroos, is the fourth oldest Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League (AFL), it is based at the Arden Street Oval, is a sports oval in North Melbourne, Victoria, in which country?
Australia
Who is younger Tunde Adebimpe or Yeo Hoon-min ?
Yeo Hoon-min
Michael Foale, British-American astrophysicist, and Dr. Reinhold Ewald, German physicist, have both been what "out of this world" job?
astronaut
When was the Ghanaian footballer born who graduated from the SC Bastia Reserves and Academy?
3 December 1982
Do the games Chapayev and DVONN have the same objective to win?
no
Which cocktails has more nicknames, "Jack and Coke" or "Derby"?
Jack and Coke
Are Schlumbergera and Diphylleia both small cacti?
no
What are Toad the Wet Sprocket and Teenage Fanclub?
Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band
What is the first film of the person who also directed a film about a supermarket?
"Sisters on the Road"
What team led by fifth-year head coach Mike Gundy, played in  the third edition of the college football bowl game and was played at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas?
2009 Oklahoma State Cowboys
Daniel Goodfellow's 2016 Olympic partner specialises in what?
the 10-metre platform event
Did Charleston Hughes play college football for a private or public university?
a private university
 iOS 6 was announced at what conference also referred to as "dub-dub"?
Apple Worldwide Developers Conference
Milton Ulladulla Hospital is approximately 7 km by road from the town in which local government area?
City of Shoalhaven
Were Friedrich Dürrenmatt and Henry Roth both writers?
yes
Where is the FOX drama show that Andre Royo currently appears in filmed?
Chicago
Where is the castle that John Crabbe defended in 1318 against the English?
Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland, England
Rima Baškienė was Vice Chairwoman of the Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Union, an agrarian political party led by whom?
Ramūnas Karbauskis
Are Sharp Corporation and Robotron KC 87 both computers?
no
In which year was this historic castle in Aberdeenshire where Marc Ellington resides built?
1593
Who produced Clean Bandit's Grammy Award-winning single ?
Patterson and Chatto
What conference does the team Stacey Totman was head coach for compete as a member of?
Big 12 Conference
Are both Copella juice products and Tizer made purely from fresh fruits?
no
According to an encyclopedia on the history of Switzerland that aims to take into account the results of modern historical research in a manner accessible to a broader audience, what was a far right political party in Switzerland that flourished during the 1930s?
National Front
The 2008–09 Genoa C.F.C. season, was its best season in recent history and finished fifth in Serie A, Topscorer Diego Milito hit the back of the net how many times?
24
The creator of Codename: Kids Next Door also served as production design for what series?
Beavis and Butt-Head
What year was the company, which created the M6 Bomb Service Truck during World War II, founded?
1911
Çırağan Palace and Miniatürk are located in what country?
It is located on the European shore of the Bosporus, between Beşiktaş and Ortaköy in Istanbul, Turkey.
Which New York City building is taller, Random House Tower or One57?
One57, formerly known as Carnegie 57 and nicknamed "The Billionaire Building", is a 75-story (marketed as 90-story) supertall skyscraper at 157 West 57th Street between Sixth and Seventh Avenues in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
Who was convicted of more crimes, Varg Vikernes or Billy Milano?
Varg Vikernes
Who created the characters voiced by William Richard West in "The Ren & Stimpy Show"?
John Kricfalusi
The Mills at Jersey Gardens is much closer to New York City than an outlet center with how many stores?
220
The hospital at which Joseph Charles "Joe" Avellone III, M.D. was employed as a surgeon has "centers of excellence" in which fields?
cardiac, cancer, orthopaedics, urology and women's health services
Laurie Adams was a footballer who played for the club that is in what highest English league system?
Premier League
When was the amusement park where Takabisha is located opened?
2 March 1968
What song first released on the British version of the band's 1965 album was later released on a compilation album?
"Drive My Car"
What televsion series stars a member of the South Korean girl group Apink?
Twenty Again
From where is the graffiti artist that did advertising work for the aviation company by Thomas Flohr?
Los Angeles
On what UHF number could you catch the show that aired from October 3, 1960 to September 6, 1971 in Hattiesburg?
UHF channel 22
which region of central europe is bukovina located?
historical region in Central Europe,
Who was the actress that played in "Descendants"-(2015 American fantasy TV film) as well as played dual roles as both title characters on Disney Channel's "Liv & Maddie" ?
Dove Cameron
One of the Venable Brothers were responsible for a cross burning on a dome at a mountain park in which state?
Georgia
Robert Crandall, called an industry legend by observers, is responsible for coining what term, regarding a pricing strategy, based on understanding, anticipating and influencing consumer behavior in order to maximize revenue or profits from a fixed, time-limited resource?
Yield management
What song on Rihanna's 6th studio album, shared similarities with one of her previous singles S&M? 
Roc Me Out
Which soft drink was originally developed in 1940 in Tennessee, Dr Pepper or Mountain Dew?
Mountain Dew
What Bollywood artist born in Mumbai sang the song, "Har Kisi Ko", in the 2013 movie "Boss".
sung by Nikhil D'Souza
What is the name of the company that was established by the founder of the Leverhulme Trust?
Lever Brothers
Which actress from the movie Teen Patti is the ambassador of the Indian cosmetics brand Lakmé? 
Shraddha Kapoor
Jim Horner has served stints as manager of minor league clubs in which Washington farm team system?
Seattle Mariners
Are Jon Turteltaub and Nicolas Roeg of the same nationality?
no
Which film was released more recently, Baghdad ER, or Encounters at the End of the World?
Encounters at the End of the World
Which football club does this English professional footballer born in 1997 who endorses Nike Hypervenom play for?
Manchester United
What type of musical profession does Toshiko Koshijima and Rob Swire have in common?
singer
Which band has more members, The Black Keys or Beastie Boys?
Beastie Boys
Are Vanelle and Denis Villeneuve both models?
no
Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club is located in what county?
Honolulu County
Eye of the Cat had a scriptwriter who was the author of which Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh movie?
Psycho
The park in which the ride The Rage is operated is located in what Canadian province?
Ontario
Which retired American football player played defense for the 1983 Dallas Cowboys, and briefly left football in 1979 to pursue a career in boxing?
Ed "Too Tall" Jones
Which 2009 animated film includes the voices of Pablo Echarri and Nancy Duplaa, Boogie, or The Super Snail Adventure?
Boogie
Which Danish king that Ove Bille served under was also the elected king of Norway?
Frederick
Saturn V delivered men to the Moon for the last time, in which NASA mission?
Apollo 17
Verrit, whose slogan is “media for the 65.8 million” refers to what part of the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, 2008?
the number of votes
Which high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains is near the unincorporated community of Humphrey, Idaho?
Monida Pass
Are both Lloyd Bacon and Stuart Baird from the same country?
no
The host of "FX Movie Download" stars in what Food Network show that premiered in January of 2009?
Will Work For Food
Are Mary Collins and Robert J. Flaherty of the same nationality?
no
The 2016 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season, this was the team's third season in McLane Stadium, an American football stadium in Waco, in which state?
Texas
Are Ray Taylor and Marguerite Duras both film directors?
no
William Manger was nominated at the 62nd Academy Awards for a film released in what year?
1989
Which Ken Burns' PBS documentary star described sloosh as a mixture of cornmeal, lard or bacon, water and egg formed around a rifle ramrod and cooked over a campfire
Shelby Foote
What form of sodium chloride in a non leathal shotgun shell could inflict very painful, but rarely deadly, wounds?
Halite
Are Mel Brooks and Ulli Lommel both actors and directors?
yes
Which Miami Vice actor also starred in Noi siamo angeli?
Philip Michael Thomas
Tonsley Park is located in an inner southern suburb of Adelaide that has how many inhabitants ?
2,700
What is the urban population of city which is home to the Ghana Pharmacy Council ?
2.27 million
Lady Antebellum is an American country music group that includes an American singer who released what top 10 Album with her family in 2016?
Love Remains
When did the stronghold of the Boyd Family begin to be built?
around 1350
In what year was the Australian actress and singer who starred in Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events born?
1988
In which film did the female lead in the film Hulk make her film debut ?
Once Upon a Time in America
When was the athletic conference formed that included the 1987 San Diego State Aztecs as a member?
July 27, 1962
The Humphries Ministry was the seventh ministry of the Government of the Australian Capital Territory, and was led by Chief Minister Gary Humphries, of which major political party in Australia, and founded in 1945 to replace the United Australia Party (UAP)?
Liberal Party of Australia
What band sings a song whose title is slang for an anesthesia drug?
Placebo
What is the 2010  population of the city where Cameron was manufactured? 
39,502
News 12 New Jersey is owned by a subsidiary of a company that has its headquarters in what city?
New York City
What is the uprising that began on 22 January 1863 and was the topic of Teodor Żychliński's works?
The January Uprising
What do Constantine Maroulis and Janet Gardner have in common?
rock singer
 Norbury is a village with links to the family of an English novelist who wrote what book in 1859?
Adam Bede
Who rode with the cosmonaut who commanded the historic Voskhod 2 mission?
Alexey Leonov
Pierre Bernard owned a large house near Cannes that was bought by which Italian-French fashion designer after Bernard's death?
Pierre Cardin
Who are Vanelle and Zheng Junli?
Vanelle is an American actress
What is the capital of the province which the Washir District is located within?
Lashkar Gah
Who wrote the book series that includes a character known as Queen Susan the Gentle?
Clive Staples Lewis
Which retailer of Spring Ram Retail Park have more than 370 stores and 6,000 employees?
Pets at Home
Cheick Oumar Sissoko and Marc Webb, have which occupation in common?
film director
How many venues are there at the complex where the 2013 Walt Disney World Pro Soccer Classic has held?
9
Who was born first, Gillian Bradshaw or Rohinton Mistry?
Rohinton Mistry
Which magazine is more likely to be accurate with their real information about celebrity bodies, Darling Media or New!?
Darling Media is an independent, quarterly print women’s magazine with a “no-retouching” policy.
Fort Wilkinson is near a city in Georgia that was the capital during the Civil War between what years?
1804 to 1868
Which genus contains more species, Dennstaedtia or Delairea?
Dennstaedtia
Who is a Peruvian footballer and the younger brother of the Peruvian professional footballer well renowned for his goal scoring ability, especially when heading the ball?
Diego Enrique Pizarro Bosio
What parade, which is the second-largest in the world, was started by John Martin & Co.?
Adelaide Christmas Pageant
Which publication was started by Larry Flynt, Christian Science Sentinel or Chic?
Chic
Which king was never crowned and was the grandfather of Richard Woodville?
Edward V
Colony Palms Hotel is located in a resort city in what California county?
Riverside
Common stars an actress from Northern Ireland, who is known for her role as Catelyn Stark in what HBO series?
Game of Thrones
MIT Technology Review and Castle of Frankenstein, are media of what type?
magazine
Frederikke Dannemand was the royal mistress of which King?
Frederick VI of Denmark
What is the anglicised name of the Mongolian city South Korea has an embassy in?
Ulan Bator
At the 2003 Grammy Awards, which singer won the category that "honors artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to sales or chart position?
Norah Jones
What is the name of the public health services formed by the Labour Party and receives support services from The NHS Business Services Authority?
National Health Service
What studio founded in 2002 has Armand Serrano Armand worked for?
Sony Pictures Animation
Who was born first, Rainer Werner Fassbinder or Gillian Armstrong?
Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Which television color encoding system was first used in France?
SECAM
What was the name of the first novel written by the author of "No Longer at Ease"?
Things Fall Apart
Which defensive coordinator of the Arizona Sun Devil's Football also succeeded Mike Cavan as coach of Southern Methodist University?
Phil Bennett
Who was born first, Paul Meany or Jimmy Somerville?
James William Somerville
Where was the first naval recipient of the Medal of Honor in WWII shot down?
Tarawa
In which northeastern Oklahoman city were the losing 1938 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team based?
Stillwater, Oklahoma
Which major retailer that uses the IBM 4610 is headquartered in Richfield, Minnesota?
Best Buy
What U Workin' With was a song from the film based on the dolls created by whom?
Thomas Dam
When was the composer of the song "Glad to Be Unhappy" born? 
June 28, 1902
How many rooms and suites does this hotel contain that hosted the UFC Fight Night: Silva vs. Irvin on July 19, 2008?
703
What area of the world was K'ak'upakal from?
Mesoamerica
Helix ALM is software which provides a multitude of capabilities to its clients, including the enforcement of regulatory compliance requirements such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which is also known as what in the Senate?
"Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act"
Who hosted both "The World's Funniest" and "The NFL Today"?
hosted by James Brown
Tipuana and Antennaria can be found in which South American country?
Bolivia
What is the full name of the eldest sibling who performed for the Empress Maria Theresa at the Imperial Court during a visit to Vienna in 1762?
Maria Anna Walburga Ignatia Mozart
What retired Argentine footballer is nicknamed "Cuchu" and also has an older brother who is a retired Argentine footballer?
Esteban Cambiasso
What actress who starred in The Runaways also played in the movies "Uptown Girls" and "Man on Fire"?
Dakota Fanning
Which songwriter was a member of the most bands, Guy Chadwick or Mollie King?
Mollie Elizabeth King
Tinu Suresh Desai released a movie in 2016 that featured what actress of Indian nationality?
Ileana D'Cruz
What football stadium in Moston, Manchester, England does the semi-professional football club F.C. United of Manchester play their home matches?
Broadhurst Park
Among several large casinos such as Harrah's and Caesar's, what Las Vegas resort has contracted with the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Union (HERE)?  
Wynn Resorts
Rage is situated at the amusement park near which pier?
Southend Pier
Are both Robert Zemeckis and Luc Besson French?
no
Who is from farther west, Luna or Janet Gardner?
Janet Patricia Gardner
What was the population in 2010 of the County that Wallace, Kansas is located in? 
1,485
Robert A. Kindler's employer is headquartered in what city?
New York City
The character of "B-Rad" in the 2003 American comedy film Malibu's Most Wanted is a spoof of a character in a  2002 American drama film directed by who? 
Curtis Hanson
How many Golden Globes has the man who starred in "The Confession" alongside Alec Baldwin won?
two
Joseph Albert "Jean" Lussier is known for going over the what water feature at the border of Canada and the United States?
Niagara Falls
What were the jobs of both Yasuzo Masumura and George Roy Hill?
film director
What television show brought together director Coky Giedroyc and executive producer John Logan?
Penny Dreadful
What screenwriter was Bernardo Bertolucci married to when he directed Liv Tyler's first leading film role?
Clare Peploe.
The album "Lost Horizons" by Abney Park is influenced by which subgenre of science fiction that incorporates technology and 19th century steam powered machinery?
Steampunk
What country was the spouse of Caroline Amalie of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg king of before he was the King of Denmark?
Norway
In which city was the band that wrote "Give Me Back My Man" formed?
Athens, Georgia
What South-African born, British character actor appeared in the British musical comedy "Three Hats for Lisa"?
Sid James
Beer Wars covers differences between big breweries and small breweries like this one based in Milton, Delaware founded by Sam Calagione that opened in what year
1995
Steve Buscemi and Kathryn Bigelow, are of which nationality?
American
What artist featured in the "Albert Einstein" album was one half of the hip-hop duo Mobb Deep?
Havoc
Eric Brock was a football coach in a city that is the county seat of what county?
Douglas County
What director is best known for The Rocketeer and Jumanji?
Joe Johnston
Long John Silver, starring Robert Newton, is based on the pirate from what 1950 Walt Disney live action film?
Treasure Island
Blake Harrison is an actor who has a role in the E4 comedy created by whom?
Damon Beesley and Iain Morris
What failed plot to kill James I did Robert Catesby attempt to carry out?
Gunpowder Plot of 1605
In which city is this cemetery found where George Hackathorne's interment was located?
Los Angeles
Was Aziz Sancar or Al-Nayrizi born first?
Abū’l-‘Abbās al-Faḍl ibn Ḥātim al-Nairīzī
What 2008 British-American-German fantasy adventure film directed by Iain Softley , starred a British-American actor, known for his roles in the romantic-drama film "Breaking and Entering"?
Inkheart
In what month was the album containing the song "Ooh Baby (You Know That I Love You)", by George Harrison, released?
September
Who is an American composer who wrote "Could I leave you?"
Stephen Sondheim
Which of the following features music composed by Randy Newman: Monsters University or Zokkomon?
Monsters University
Which person, Chuck Essegian or Haig Patigian, played in Major League Baseball (MLB) the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Los Angeles Dodgers, Baltimore Orioles, Kansas City Athletics, and Cleveland Indians?
Charles Abraham "Chuck" Essegian
Which is taller, Masherbrum or Haramosh Peak?
Masherbrum
The Mitchell County School District is a public school district in Mitchell County, Georgia, based in Camilla, a city in Mitchell County, Georgia, and is its county seat, is in which country?
United States
What large gulf of the Atlantic Ocean does the Baboosic Brooke ultimately flow to?
Gulf of Maine
Which city with a population of 5,985 is located three nautical miles northeast of the Palm Beach County Glades Airport?
Pahokee, Florida
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is the sequel to the science fiction film directed by whom?
Gary Ross
Is Mohsen Makhmalbaf:more popular than James Kerwin? 
yes
Are Invisible Children and Inside Job both documentaries?
yes
Imran Khan appeared as a child artist in the film directed by whom?
Mansoor Khan
In what country are Caldera de Taburiente National Park and Guadarrama National Park both situated?
Spain
Where is the headquarters of the magazine Jean-Marie Pontaut works at?
Paris
Which former English footballer turned coach did Christopher Woods replace?
Eric Steele
Luke Ours was born in a suburb whose local government is located in what city?
City of Moreland
The company that built the Southern Pacific 2706 went out of business in what year?
1972
Where is the birthplace of the inventor of Denise Drysdale's nickname?
Footscray, Australia
The actress that plays Zoey Stevens in "Zapped" signed a major record deal in 2012 with what company?
Hollywood Records
In what state is VAQ-131 based in?
Washington
Which American-Canadian actress and poker player stars in the 2009 historical epic film Empire of Silver?
Jennifer Tilly
What state is the 8th Air Division and the McClellan Air Force Base located?
California
What U.S. Senator from the state of Wisconsin was the play The Investigator based on?
Joseph McCarthy
When did the criminal gang formed by someone serving six life sentences at the ADX Florence supermax prison in Colorado?
the late 1960s
Pfeifer is an unincorporated community in Freedom Township, Ellis County, a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas, in which country?
United States
What singer, is a founding and former member of the all-female irish musical ensemble conceived and created by David Kavanagh, Sharon Browne and David Downes?
Lisa Kelly
The song Hit It Up was on the soundtrack of a movie directed by who ?
Malcolm D. Lee
When does the Zack de la Rocha's friend born who is an American musician, best known as the bassist?
February 26, 1968
What is the birthdate of this American actress, singer, and producer, who was part of the High School Musical franchise and was produced by Matthew Tishler?
July 2, 1985
Gordon Lish (born February 11, 1934 in Hewlett, New York) is an American writer, as a literary editor, he championed many American authors, particularly Rick Bass (born March 7, 1958) is an American writer and ?
environmental activist
When did the actor who appears in Fantasy Mission Force and has appeared in over 150 films begin acting?
1960s
Émile Bourquelot was a French chemist, and professor of pharmacy at which location, metonymically known as the Sorbonne, a university in Paris, France, from around 1150 to 1970?
University of Paris
Which cast member on the reality show, Sons of Hollywood, is a life coach? 
Randy Spelling
What does the single sheet of Chris Baldwin books could be be called?
leaf
When was the Australian musician and actor born who is best known as a member of the children's band The Wiggles and was original member of it?
21 July 1953
Which commuter airline with its head office in the Isle of Man Airport was sometimes operated by Links Air?
Manx2
In addition to having research and development facilities for Fila, Montebelluna also is the place where Geox is based, what is Geox?
an Italian brand of shoe and clothing
In what year was Mariah Carey's co-star in "A Christmas Melody" born?
1982
Who was born first, Jaren Johnston or Mark Morriss?
Mark James Morriss
In which year was this county and municipality founded, where the Norwegian jazz orchestra Batagraf is based?
1040
Rummikub and Agricola are both what?
game
What is is a French language monthly general interest and women's magazine published in Paris, France, Jane or Pleine Vie?
Pleine Vie
CSX Transportation owns about 21,000 route miles in Florida alone; How many miles does it's Georgia line run?
36.1 miles.
The editor-in-chief that the documentary "The September Issue" follows was born on what date?
3 November 1949
3000 Miles to Graceland is an American action adventure crime film, released in which year, and directed, co-produced by Damien Lichtenstein, it is a story of theft and betrayal, revolving around a plot to rob the Riviera Casino during a convention of Elvis impersonators, a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada, which operated from April 1955 to May 2015?
2001
The 2010–11 Bristol City F.C. season began with the former player who now coaches which Indian Super League team at the helm?
Jamshedpur FC
The Northern Grass-veneer ("Catoptria furcatellus") is a moth of which family, and is found in mountainous areas of Europe, including Fennoscandia, or the Fennoscandian Peninsula, is the geographical peninsula of the Nordic region comprising the Scandinavian Peninsula, Finland, Karelia, and the Kola Peninsula?
Crambidae
What is the name of Svein Berge and Torbjørn Brundtland's duo that releaed the album Melody A.M.?
Röyksopp
Are Wells Fargo and Southwest Airlines both air carrier companies?
no
Both the Lost McLeod Mine and the Beaulieu Mine are located in which Canadian territory?
Northwest Territories
What is a medium-sized breed of herding dog, Great Dane or Armant ?
Armant
Curt Weldon represented the congressional district that involved which major city's suburbs?
Philadelphia
Which author's work has been translated into more languages, Natalia Ginzburg or Glenn Cooper?
Glenn Cooper
Which abandoned theme park was formerly called Jazzland?
Six Flags New Orleans (SFNO)
The video game 3D Bomb Alley is based on a Falklands War battle that ended on what date?
25 May 1982
If XXL published by Townsquare Media is a magazine, how would you describe 'The Brown Spectator', a student run conservative and libertarian political writing?
journal
Uzumaki, is a "seinen" horror manga series written and illustrated, by which Japanese horror manga artist?
Junji Ito
A church located on the village of Skomsvoll, is made in what style, derived from  timber framing?
Stave church
Who was the father of the King of England under whom William Thomas was a clerk of the Privy Council?
Henry VIII
what year did the activist played by Common in the movie Selma die?
2008
How many dams are located on the river that runs through the Cherokee National Forest?
Three power generating dams
Charlie Bryan was the head of the International Association of Machinists union during the mid to late 1980s who led a strike against the American businessman and philanthropist, Frank Lorenzo in what year?
1989
Which star in O Brother, Where Art Thou? was also in Do the Right Thing?
John Turturro
In what year was the university responsible for developing Minitab founded?
1855
What year was  the epic science fiction film Interstellar starring the American actress Ellen Burstyn released? 
2014
In what state is the publisher of Save The Dinos based?
Texas
Which musician performed with the group Elastica, Chuck Schuldiner or Justine Frischmann?
Justine Elinor Frischmann
Smitty is directed by an american actor born May 27, 1936 best known for what?
Gunnery Sergeant Emil Foley
Are both Black Chicks Talking and Bomb Harvest arts projects that include a stage production?
no
Buckets of Rain was a track on this Bob Dylan album recorded for which record company?
Columbia Records
What is the more formal name of the history museum complex in which Mitt Romney announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for president in 2008?
Edison Institute
Who rose to prominence in the early 1990s as one half of the critically acclaimed group Pete Rock & CL Smooth, and had an instrumental hip hop album that is the second installment of BBE Records "Beat Generation" series?
Peter O. Philips
What actress starred in the Disappointments room?
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale
Both Warren Island State Park and Licolnville, Maine are located in what country?
United States
Which American economist, winner of the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, wrote the introduction for the 1996 reprint of "I, Pencil"?
Milton Friedman
The football club Ambesager Yosief plays for is from where?
Adelaide, South Australia
The judge of the Supreme Court that was born in a city that interstate 72 and U.S. Routes 24, 36, and 61 intersect was appointed in what year by Bob Holden?
2004
Connie Price-Smith participated four times in what foremost sports competition?
Olympic Games
The fictional Godfather character Moe Greene is based on a mobster born in what year? 
1906
Achozen, is a project by System of a Down, sometimes shortened to System and abbreviated as SOAD, is an Armenian-American heavy metal band from Glendale, California, formed in what year?
1994
The Favour, the Watch and the Very Big Fish is a 1991 comedy film directed by Ben Lewin, starring Bob Hoskins, Jeff Goldblum and Natasha Richardson, an English stage and screen actress, born on ?
11 May 1963
Devil's gardens was named by a man popularly known as what?
the Desert Fox
The start of Marked Woman has appeared in how many films?
over 30 films
In what county is the most popular destination of the Great Smoky Mountains located?
Blount County, Tennessee, US
Howard A. Glickstein is the Dean Emeritus at the law center that is accredited by what Association?
ABA
Æthelstan Half-King left his position and became a monk after the death of a king who ruled England starting which year ?
946
Which actor staring in Darkest hour, has been active in television and film since 1964?
Ronald Pickup
What kind of substance does Radium Girls and United States Radium Corporation have in common?
paint
Focus is an American music producer who produced tracks for an American rapper, record producer, and actor, who was born in October of what year?
1972
American artist and amateur astronomer, Greg Mort, has a public collection at what art museum located in Rockland, Maine?
Farnsworth Art Museum
Who played in a 1996 film as Queen of Denmark?
Gertrude
In what year was the man that Tony Lopez defeated by decision in the 1988 "The Ring" Fight of the year born?
1959
Which American man claimed the song "Exit" by U2 influenced him to murder Rebecca Schaeffer?
Robert John Bardo
Fred Hartsook had, as a client the American aviator, nicknamed Lucky Lindy, who flew nonstop between which two locations?
Long Island, New York, to Paris
What pornography trade show is owned by the AVN Media Network?
AVN Adult Entertainment Expo
Which group contains the most members: Sugar or State Radio?
Sugar
In what battle did Yegor Solyankin lead the 2nd Tank Division that was a large tank battle in 1941?
Battle of Raseiniai
Project Enterprise is a microfinance nonprofit organization in New York City, that assists entrepreneurs, it operates on which Bangladesh founded model of microlending? 
Grameen Bank
Phil Hay was a screenwriter on which film starring Ryan Reynolds, based on a screenplay adapted from a comic book?
R.I.P.D.
What team did Arjen Robben Play on in the 2009-10 DFB-Pokal season? 
Bayern Munich
Which plant is native to Costa Rica, Cedronella or Pescatoria?
Pescatoria
In what city is the Salford City Stadium, home to the Salford Red Devils professional rugby club?
Barton-upon-Irwell
Frank Miller and Bruce Robinson are directors, one wrote a story about his poverty in which town?
Camden Town
The 2013 film English Teacher stars an actress who is the daughter of which English musician?
Phil Collins
The Leader of Fine Gael is the most senior politician within the Fine Gael political party in Ireland, following the resignation of Enda Kenny, since 2 June 2017, the office had been held by which Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach, Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael?
Leo Eric Varadkar
The holonomic brain theory, developed by neuroscientist Karl Pribram initially in collaboration with who, which was American scientist who has been described as one of the most significant theoretical physicists of the 20th century and who contributed unorthodox ideas to quantum theory, neuropsychology and the philosophy of mind?
David Bohm
Are Dido and Aeneas and Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny both operas?
yes
Which of the following is a 2004 political documentary film, Bomb Harvest or Celsius 41.11?
Celsius 41.11
Who won more Grand Slam Titles Sue Barker or Arthur Ashe ?
Arthur Robert Ashe Jr.
Martina Iñíguez wrote about the history of what dance that began in the working-class neighborhoods of Montevideo?
Tango
What type of media does Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck and The Tourist have in common?
film
At which University, did the scientist who gave his name, along with Ronald Fisher, to the Von Mises–Fisher distribution, hold a professorship ?
Harvard University.
Pitt & Kantrop is a children's television programme produced by the Eurovision Network and was shown on BBC One and CBBC in the United Kingdom, it is from the creators of which French animated series about an intelligent talking dog, Corneil, and his "dog-sitter", Bernie Barges?
Watch My Chops
What was a mountain building period that ended 440 million years ago, that durring this time a unit of interbedded greywackes and shales that outcrops in eastern New York State were deposited in a deep marine setting in a foreland basin during this time? 
Taconic orogeny
Alex Perry has created items for the actress who played whom in "The Secret Circle"?
Faye Chamberlain
Which film is a spoof on the 1941 film noir starring Vincent Gardenia?
The Manchu Eagle Murder Caper Mystery
Iron Man 3, is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the "Extremis" story arc by Warren Ellis, Black, is an American screenwriter, director, producer and actor, as an actor, Black is best known for his role as Hawkins in "Predator", in what year?
1987
The man who promoted Ted Sundquist to General Manager also owns the majority of which NFL team?
Denver Broncos
Which game was produced first Klaus Teuber's Löwenherz or Alex Randolph's Ghosts?
Ghosts
The Old Melbourne Gaol is a museum on Russell Street, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, it was first constructed starting in 1839, and during its operation as a prison between 1842 and 1929, it held and executed some of Australia's most notorious criminals, including which Australian bushranger, outlaw, gang leader and convicted police murderer?
Edward "Ned" Kelly
Who was the father of a British nephew of Adolf Hitler who worked in Germany and later emigrated to America in 1939?
Alois Hitler's
How many Grand Slam singles titles did the tennis player, who defeated Hana Mandlíková, during the 1988 Australian Open – Women's Singles, win?
22
Are  Lucine Amara and Alecko Eskandarian both American sopranos?
no
Who is older, Khloé Kardashian or Tim Kurkjian?
Timothy Bell "Tom" Kurkjian
Are Jean-Julien Rojer and Květa Peschke both professional tennis players?
yes
Fablo Berardt trained in what city built in a lagoon?
Venice
Learjet was founded by which inventor and businessman?
William Powell "Bill" Lear
Battle: Los Angeles was developed by which video game designer founded in 2001?
Saber Interactive Incorporated
Opinions included, as a topic, the Australian writer and intellectual who is from what movement?
second-wave feminist
Who is the tallest-ever world tennis number 1, Marat Safin or Melanie Oudin?
Marat Mubinovich Safin
What nationality are both Andy Bakjian and Richard C. Sarafian?
American
Are both The Breeders and The LaFontaines American bands?
no
What mountain range in the Great Plains is known as "Ȟe Sápa" or "Moʼȯhta-voʼhonáaeva" and is where the outlaw "Lame Johnny" Donohue came from? 
Black Hills
Who designed the German bomber which used the SC250 bomb to notable effect ?
Hermann Pohlmann
On what date was the playlist that "Madiba Riddim" was on released?
March 18, 2017
What genre of music do Lower Than Atlantis and Live play?
rock
what does Bewsey and Beamont Collegiate Academy have in common?
Warrington
How large is the Sabden village, which is located in the Ribble Valley, within the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire, England?
The parish is 2,451 acres
Kenneth Maurice Clarke, is a former professional American football defensive tackle who played fourteen seasons in the National Football League, he played in which American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Oakland Raiders and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Philadelphia Eagles to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1980 season, for the Philadelphia Eagles?
Super Bowl XV
What is the name of this American telecommunications company that is headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland, and that owns News Central?
Sinclair Broadcast Group
Jivaro is a film starring an actor who portrayed President Theodore Roosevelt in what film?
The Wind and the Lion
 Laurence Michael Powell was one how many officers involved in the beating of Rodney King, a taxi driver who became internationally known after a tape was released of him being beaten on March 3, 1991, by Los Angeles Police Department officers?
five
What's the nickname of the orca skeleton displayed at the Eden Killer Whale Museum in the South Coast region of New South Wales?
Old Tom
Muzamil Jaleel has worked for the newspaper that began in 1785 in what city?
London
What person was born in Melbourne and played in the soap opera "Neighbours"?
Ben Geurens
What award has been given since 2004 for the team Mark Thomas Pavelich played for in 1980?
most valuable player
The 2017–18 Odense Bulldogs season will be their 27th in the Danish ice hockey league comprising how many teams?
11
How many gold albums has the band whose second studio album was "Song for America" produced?
eight
Jodie Resther starred in which horror fantasy-themed television series?
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
The Baltic League includes clubs from the country bordered to the north by what body of wter?
Gulf of Finland
 Plácido Domingo has a vocal range that is a weight between which two characteristics?
lyric and dramatic
What artist did Kanye West produce singles for that was supposed to use album beats produced by DJ Premier?
Jay-Z
When was the man that Dewar benzene is named for born?
20 September 1842
who created the movie in which Joseph Bell has been known as an inspiration for the literary character
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
In what year was the follow up to "The Purple Prince of Oz released?
1938
Were the American band The Belltower and the former band the Smiths with lead singer Morrissey both rock bands?
yes
Dar Al-Hijrah is a mosque in what county near the United States capital?
Fairfax County
Tricia Marie "Shaznay" Lewis, is an English singer, songwriter, and member of girl group All Saints, Lewis has co-written most of the group's songs, including which number one single, which is a song by British-Canadian girl group All Saints?
Pure Shores
Nakash Aziz performed music for what Tamll-language romantic thriller directed by Shankar?
I
What company produces the beer that gave Estadio Corona its name for export to the United States?
Constellation Brands
When did the opera in which Friederike Grün played Agathe premier ? 
18 June 1821
What is the next movie in which Anna Kendrick will appear with the actress who played Alexis in the file "Project X?"
Pitch Perfect 3
Who is the father of the world's youngest billionaire as of 2016?
Johan H. Andresen
What year was the phenomenon used to explain the color of binary stars described?
1842
Ian Clarkin (born February 14, 1995) is a pitcher drafted by the New York Yankees at number 33 overall in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft, he was traded on July 18, 2017 along with Tyler Clippard and Blake Rutherford in exchange for Todd Brian Frazier (born February 12, 1986) is an American professional baseball third baseman for which team of the MLB?
New York Yankees
Which Canadian professional wrestler was part of a team with Bobby Fish?
Kyle O'Reilly
Which professional association football club based in Southampton, Hampshire, England did Harry Bamford play as a half-back for?
Southampton Football Club
Madhup Mudgal is an Indian Hindustani classical music vocalist, and is a disciple of who, which was a Hindustani classical singer, well known for his unique vocal style and his refusal to be bound by the tradition of any gharana?
Kumar Gandharva
What Family Guy season featured a reference to the film "The Perfect Storm" and a 2000 American survival drama starring Tom Hanks, Helen Hunt, and Nick Searcy? 
fourth season
 What are two other big American Movie theater chains besides the one that is present at the Yorktown Center in Lombard?
Regal Entertainment Group and Cinemark Theatres
Steven Levert "Steve" Clarkson (born October 31, 1961) is an American football coach, Clarkson has tutored Matthew Montgomery Barkley, an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent, born on which date?
September 8, 1990
The Sane Asylum is the debut album by the American thrash metal band Blind Illusion, the album features guitarist Larry LaLonde and bassist Les Claypool before they went on to work on Primus, an American rock band based in San Francisco, in which US state?
California
Which of the following is located near the Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium: San Diego State University or Christian Brothers University?
Christian Brothers University
What is the free online course offered by the writer of The Fiery Trial: Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery?
The Civil War and Reconstruction
Which genus of plant is part of the daisy family, Zinnia or Pachypodium?
Zinnia
What year was this film released that starred an ensemble cast, including Jessica Alba, Kathy Bates, and Jessica Biel, and was directed by the same director of Pretty Woman?
2010
Who hosted a 2006 Caribbean tour featuring Taalib Johnson?
MTV Networks
 Who was a film score composer, Trent Reznor or The Prodigy 
Trent Reznor
What animal did Lewis and Clark newly discover during their 1804 expedition up Old Baldy in Nebraska?
black-tailed prairie dog
What was the birth date of the Australian historian who wrote a biography of the commander of the 13th infantry brigade before the First World War?
10 March 1922
Foodworks has a competitor in the supermarket chain owned by what company?
Wesfarmers
Are Maxim Kontsevich and Yuri Linnik both mathematicians?
yes
What is the nationality of the company that produced Antoine-Jacquet's directorial debut film?
French
Coryphantha and Solenopsis, are types of what?
plants
Geoffrey Chevalier Cheshire was the father of a pilot highly decorated in what war?
World War II
Which band originated in a country further south, Bodyjar or Go Radio?
Bodyjar
what does Pimpinella and Digitalis have in common?
genus
The band At the Drive-In from El Paso, Texas released its first EP entitled what?
Hell Paso
What film was made for the Seafarers International Union, The Seafarers or One Big Hapa Family?
The Seafarers
what is the name of the South Korean romantic drama film in which Jae Hee had a leading role?
3-Iron
Name the British breed of domestic pig which shares its name with a village and parish on the edge of The Fens in Lincolnshire, England?
Baston
Which mall that A Line serves has 12 million visitors a year?
Rosedale Center
What is the year of the event that happened first, When Louis Met originally aired, or Mostyn Hamilton was born?
1949
Roger Booth  appeared in many British television series and films including "The Tomorrow People," a British children's science fiction television series, created by who?
Roger Price
Which biography written by Philip Carlo is based on an American contract killer and serial killer convicted of murdering five people?
Richard Kuklinski
Where was the  Citroën vehicle designed with influences from what is called a beach buggy in the United Kingdom presented?
the Madrid Motor Show
Where was the company located that the Radium Girls sue?
Orange, New Jersey
The criminal organization Kirksey Nix is reputedly the former leader of is based in what city?
Biloxi, Mississippi
Are the "Odyssey" and "The Consul" fundamental to the modern Western canon?
yes
The Chippewas main campus is located where?
Mount Pleasant
Where was the creator of Falstaff born?
Legnago, south of Verona, in the Republic of Venice
 Liam Aiken played Klaus Baudelaire in a 2004 film directed by who?
Brad Silberling
What famous buccaneer sea song was first introduced in the 1883 adventure novel "Treasure Island"?
Dead Man's Chest
Which, of Michael Tippett or Henry Purcell was the earlier English composer?
Henry Purcell
What is the middle name of the former American stock trader who was convicted alongside Michael Milken due to Steven Posner's staged corporate takeover?
Frederick
What nationality is the author of who is best known for his children's book series that was first published in 1963 and helped establish Scholastic as a premier publishing company?
American
Akihito, the current Emperor of Japan, visited Afghanistan in 1971 with whom?
Princess Michiko
Mireille Perrey featured in the 1964 musical film directed by whom?
Jacques Demy
The discography of Australian rock group, The Saints consists of thirteen studio albums, seventeen singles, six EPs, two live albums and ten compilation albums, their highest charting single was a cover version of The Easybeats' hit "The Music Goes Round My Head" issued in December, of which year?
1988
Smith Creek is a 35.5 mi tributary stream of the North Fork of a river that passes through which US states?
Virginia and West Virginia
What is the birthdate of this longtime companion of Adolf Hitler and, for fewer than 40 hours, his wife, whose dogs were taken care of byb Fritz Tomow?
6 February 1912
The Union of British Columbia Indian Chiefs (UBCIC) is a First Nations political organization founded in 1969 in response to which proposal of Jean Chrétien's?
1969 White Paper
Which canal in the Netherlands is named for the Queen of the Netherlands who ruled from 1948 until 1980?
Juliana Canal
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony is an American hip hop group, one of the members is Anthony Henderson, an American rapper, producer, and entrepreneur, better known as who?
Krayzie Bone
"Guitar Boogie" is a guitar instrumental recorded by Arthur "Guitar Boogie" Smith in what year?
1945
Kathleen Hanna and Jane Relf are both what?
singer
In what city was the singer of "Momma Knows Best" born?
London
Who wrote a fantasy novel published in 2007 by DAW Books that is the first book in a series telling the autobiography of Kvothe, an adventurer and famous musician?
Patrick Rothfuss
In what year did the actress who was mother to the older brother of Angelina Jolie pass away?
2007
UFC Undisputed 3 was a sequel to which mixed martial arts video game?
UFC Undisputed 2010
Sara Gilbert portrayed Darlene Conner in a television series that focused on a family living in what US state?
Illinois
Who is a professor Robert Zildjian or Barbara Sahakian?
Barbara Jacquelyn Sahakian
Who was the film editor for the movie that was a loose adaptation of the novel "Q&A"?
Chris Dickens
Who was the retired American astronaut who transferred from Expedition 44 to 45 on the International Space Station?
Scott Kelly
Daniel Poneman's predecessor as Secretary of Energy won a Nobel Prize in what field?
Physics
The New River, a London waterway opened in 1613, supplies drinking water from the springs of which river?
River Lea
The Oklahoma City bombing was a domestic terrorist truck bombing on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States on which date, Terry Lynn Nichols, is an American who was convicted of being an accomplice in the Oklahoma City bombing?
April 19, 1995
What is the name of the Swedish heavy metal band which was formed by guitarist Jesper Stromblad in 1990 who later went on to form Sinergy with Kimberly Goss from Dimmu Borgir?
In Flames
Roger Leonard was a professional boxer, from Palmer Park, Maryland, he is the older brother of which boxing legend, an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor, best know as?
"Sugar" Ray Leonard
In what state did Reverend Frederick Lehrle Barry operate a church?
New York
Katniss Everdeen, a fictional character and protagonist of Susan Collins' dystopian novel trilogy, is played by what actress?
Jennifer Lawrence
Which company sold in over 180 countries outside the United States and developed Codentify.
Philip Morris International
What was the July 2017 net worth of the incumbent mayor of New York in 2013
53.4 billion
Put You on the Game is a single by the rapper who was part of the group that released their debut album in which year?
2003
On what 2012 film about a Scottish princess did Pixar use its industry-standard RenderMan image-rendering application programming interface?
Brave
The Big Drift is in Glacier National Park, in the U.S. state of Montana, and is an area along which scenic mountain road in the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, in Glacier National Park in Montana?
Going-to-the-Sun Road
On which Hawaiian island is Turtle Bay Resort, home of the SBS Open women's golf tournament?
Oahu
Who was responsible for the massacre that led to suzanna hupp's book "From Luby’s to the Legislature: One Woman’s Fight Against Gun Control"?
George Hennard
 After what date are additions to each club's playing list allowed for the 121st season of the Austrailian Football League (AFL)?
30 September
How many goals were scored when 2007–08 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season?
scoring 19 league goals
Are both Samuel R. Delany and Aldous Huxley from the same country?
no
What is the japanese company who hired Camelia as a spokesmodel traditionally known for?
timepieces
Which route does Court Manor follows that was an improved trail through the Great Appalachian Valley?
Great Wagon Road
Consisting of studio albums, mixtapes and singles, is the discography of an American rapper, singer, songwriter and what?
record producer
At what nightclub did Romeo Gigli meet the founder and chair of the Bianca Jagger Human Rights Foundation?
Studio 54
K Trevor Wilson is best known as the character Squirrely Dan on a sitcom created by who?
Jared Keeso and Jacob Tierney
How many episodes does Kim-ji-soo show Memory have?
16 episodes
Which performer was from South Africa - singer Carina Round, or rock band Seether?
Seether
What was the name of the artist who performed at the NH7 Weekender festival and also goes by FlyLo?
Flying Lotus
Which of the commercials on which Rodney Saulsberry worked is a chocolate bar made by Mars, Inc?
Twix
In what village is the Swords and Ploughshares Museum, which could feature the Canadian tank based on the M3 Medium Tank?
Kars, Ontario
Who is the father of the recording artist who debuted on the Best of Both Worlds tour? 
Billy Ray Cyrus
The coach AFC's 6th playoff seed in the 2012 season was born in what year?
1958
In what category of the 2014 Dakar Rally did products from an Austrian manufacturer compete and win?
the motorcycle category
Which highest paid Taiwanese actress starred in the film, "My Best Friend's Wedding"?
Shu Qi
Republic political activists who bolted from the United States Republican Party, referred to as Mugwumps, supported American politician and lawyer who was what president of the United States?
22nd and 24th
Who was born first Busby Berkeley or Billy Bob Thornton ?
Busby Berkeley
The American actress, musician and photographer that stars in The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys is also an indie pop musician for which band?
Jena Malone and Her Bloodstains
American nightclub comedian, singer, actor, and producer, Danny Thomas, is of many entertainers to debut at a New York City nightclub which influenced which singer's song "Copacabana"?
Barry Manilow
Which leader of the Cherokee Nation led Confederate forces in the ambush of the steamboat "J.R. Williams"?
Stand Watie
Tepeyac or the Hill of Tepeyac,is located inside Gustavo A. Madero, the northernmost "delegación" or borough of the Mexican Federal District, which Roman Catholic church, basilica and National shrine of Mexico, is located in that district?
Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe
Which movie came out first Born into Brothels or Punk's Not Dead ?
Born into Brothels
What 2017 American drama film directed by Colin Trevorrow and written by Gregg Hurwitz, concerns a plan hatched by a young genius to save the girl next door from abuse and has Jaeden Wesley Lieberher in a leading role?
The Book of Henry
Who was the only group to win "The X Factor" and work with MNEK on his debut EP Small Talk?
Little Mix
Which person is an English fashion and textiles designer and former singer-songwriter Pearl Lowe or Worker: Which person is an English fashion and textiles designer and former singer-songwriter Pearl Lowe or Róisín Murphy?
Pearl Lowe
Howard Park Historic District is named after a state supreme justice who was severely wounded in this battle?
the Battle of Shiloh
Are Robert Caro and Dino Buzzati both short story authors?
no
The artist best known for her 1975 song "Poetry Man" contributed to the 2nd solo album mby which former member ofParliament-Funkadelic? 
Bernie Worrell
What position was held by the author of A Dialogue of Comfort against Tribulation with respect to Henry VIII?
a councillor
Which Disney Channel show, featuring Lil J, is based on characters created by Michael Poryes and Susan Sherman?
Raven's Home
Who is older, Chris Carter or Yuen Woo-ping?
Yuen Woo-ping
Who was born first, Pietro Mascagni or Giovanni Battista Pergolesi?
Giovanni Battista Pergolesi
Where did the chief executive of the 8th busiest airport in Europe start his career in industry?
Black and Decker
What film did the editor with more than thirty film credits film in 1986? 
Mona Lisa
Are both Ramón del Valle-Inclán and Primo Levi considered writers?
yes
Are Monash University and Middle East Technical University both located in Australia?
no
Who was not only a director but also a screenwriter and producer, Yves Allégret or Terrence Malick?
Terrence Frederick Malick
Jeremy Stacey is a British drummer who played with an English rock band formed in Liverpool in what year?
1978
The SC Bastia Reserves and Academy, are the reserve team and academy of French football club Bastia, notable graduates of the academy include Michael Kojo Essien, is a Ghanaian footballer, who currently plays for which Indonesian club ?
Persib Bandung
What American heist thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier and written by Ed Solomon, Boaz Yakin and Edward Ricourt did Brian Tyler compose music for?
Now You See Me
The actor and singer best known for his 1958 song "The Purple People Eater" released what first single?
That's My Pa
Which of the following has an album nominated for a Mercury Prize in 2009: Tyson Ritter or The Invisible?
The Invisible
The Acting Class is a 2000 American independent film who supporting cast included an American actor whose middle name was what?
George
Who was the director of the 2006 German-American political war thriller film for which James Newton Howard made the film score?
Edward Zwick
John Alexander is the uncle of the player who plays what position for Liverpool?
right-back
Name the American political commentator, professor and author who co-produced a feature documentary 'Inequality for All' with Jen Chaiken?
Robert Reich
In which city the suburb who's names had been changed in 1917 located?
Port Adelaide Enfield
Which comedian appeared in a series created by Larry David?
Karen Maruyama
Were George Tzavellas and Max Linder both directors and screenwriters?
yes
What was the population in 2016 of the county in which North Brunswick Township Public Schools is in?
837,073
How long has the wife of Michael Coutts-Trotter been a member of Parliament?
been the Member of Parliament for Sydney since 1998,
Are Carl Barât and Dan Swanö both musicians?
yes
The Duchess of Malfi was composed by the artist of what nationality?
English
Did Colour Genie and NEC PC-100 both originate in the same country?
no
Do Rika Hiraki and Mara Santangelo come from the same country?
no
Who was the older brother of person whose guard formed the French Royal Guard?
Napoleon I, Emperor of the French
The Cotai Arena is an indoor arena, located on the premises of the seventh-largest building in the world by what?
floor area
Who is older, Fernando Meirelles or John Irvin?
John Irvin
Graeme Strachan and Dan Andriano, have which mutual occupations?
singer, songwriter
Which Puerto Rican boxer did Kenny Lane fight for a title?
Carlos Ortiz
Which National Park is the tenth most visited national park in Spain: Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park or Teide National Park? 
Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park
When was the album that contains the song All I Need re-released?
14 April 2008
Roberta Brooke Astor, was an American philanthropist, socialite, and writer who was the chairwoman of the Vincent Astor Foundation, and great-great grandson of America's first multi-millionaire John Jacob Astor, a German–American businessman, merchant, real estate mogul and investor who mainly made his fortune in fur trade and by investing in real estate in or around where??
New York City
which solo studio album by Paul McCartney did Temporary Secretary  featured on
McCartney II
Martin Barrass plays Mike Conrad on a British soap opera created by who?
Kevin Laffan
The Seminole Soccer Complex is a dedicated soccer park that includes over eleven fields and a soccer-specific stadium, located in Sanford, the facility is home to which sports team?
Orlando City U-23 team
Which production company is involved with the production of the TV show featuring Richard Rawlings and Aaron Kaufman from the Dallas
Vanacore Music
What genre of music do Sonic Reign and Emperor fall under?
Black Metal
Sven Nykvist won an award for cinematography on the 1988 film adaptation of a novel by whom?
Milan Kundera
Which venue, designed by Klingstubbins, hosted the 34th Miss Teen USA pageant in its theatre?
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino
Which film was released first, When the Levees Broke or Human?
When the Levees Broke
What type of programs does the the host Institute of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat offer?
engineering, science, psychology, architecture, business, communications, industrial technology, information technology, design and law
Which Catholic writer is known for her support of the Austrian-Swedish physicist who worked on radioactivity and nuclear physics?
Eva Wilhelmina Julia von Bahr-Bergius
For which college did the current NBA player who is a cousin to Damon Stoudamire play?
University of Kentucky
Alfred Preis, was an Austrian-born American architect best known for designing the USS Arizona Memorial in Pearl Harbor, in Honolulu, in which U.S. State?
Hawaii
Which film starring Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel featured a song by Jewel?
Valentine's Day
 Katrina Jane Edwards heading the Fe-Oxidizing Microbial Observatory Project on a seamount the top of which is?
about 975 m below sea level
Giuseppe Biagi, was a soldier, explorer and Italian radio operator, who took part in the expedition of which  Italian aviator, aeronautical engineer and Arctic explorer, to the North Pole in the airship Italy, in May 1928?
Umberto Nobile
Hello, I'm Dolly was the debut album of an artist who's own label is called what? 
Dolly Records
Are Lee Sung-min and Tom Petty both American?
no
For which Irish brewery, available in over 120 countries worldwide, did Mark Wnek create "the pure genius" line of advertising?
Guinness
Turandot and Pomone, are which type of play?
opera
What court case involved a former president of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile?
Mosley v United Kingdom
When was the American comedian who created Friars Club of Beverly Hills born? 
July 12, 1908
Richard Jay "Rich" Franklin II, is an American retired mixed martial artist who competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship, as of June 2014, Franklin was announced as a Vice President of which Singapore-based mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion which was launched on 14 July 2011 by multimillionaire entrepreneur Chatri Sityodtong and former ESPN Star Sports senior executive Victor Cui?
ONE Championship
Which is the newest film, Bon Voyage! or Underdog?
Underdog
Of Jeremy Bates and Daniela Hantuchová who gained prominence and achieved high peak at an earlier stage of sports career?
Daniela Hantuchová
Which American singer-songwriter lip-synched lyrics for Elton John?
Justin Timberlake
Which player's career, drafted in the same year as Rich Manning, was derailed by a car accident?
Bobby Hurley
Where is a national park that surrounds a mountain in the Tweed Range?
South Wales
What opera was composed by an english composer who was born on the 12th of October 1872 and died on the 26th of August 1958?
"Sir John in Love"
Worn throughout the Caribbean region, notably in Cuba and Jamaica as wedding attire, what upper-body form does the guayabera take for men?
bush jacket
Which is a species in southern Africa, Clytostoma or Zantedeschia aethiopica?
Zantedeschia aethiopica
Which band has more founder, White Magic or Sound Team?
Sound Team
What film was Morgan Lily in that Jennifer Aniston was also in?
"He's Just Not That Into You"
Frank Skartados is an assemblyman for the district in New York that includes a city with what 2010 population?
15,541
What is the name of the lead remix of the track from the remix album containing remixes of the lady gaga studio album "The Fame"?
Bad Romance
Nine Black Alps and Ned's Atomic Dustbin, are of which genre?
rock
Where is the Fair Oaks Mall located?
Fairfax County, Virginia
What is the birthdate of this Australian politician, who was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council and currently the Opposition Leader in the New South Wales state election, 2019?
27 July 1970
Which prolific American author praised John Martin's Book?
Martin Gardner
Three years elapsed between the releases of the Beastie Boys' album "Check Your Head" and which second studio album released on July 25, 1989?
Paul's Boutique
Leo McKern was in what epic romantic drama film directed by David Lean?
Ryan's Daughter
which Aerospace and transportation company hired Bruno Bianchi as an engineer?
Bombardier Inc.
In The Mindy Project, which creator and producer has Chris McKenna worked with? 
Mindy Kaling
Which car, produced by Ferrari from 1962 to 1964 for homologation into the FIA's Group 3 Grand Touring Car category inspired the Vandenbrink GTO?
Ferrari 250 GTO
What is another officially known name for the river where Torrens Island is located?
Port Adelaide River
What country do both Limnocharis and Paulownia share?
China
What league hosts the soccer team owned by Carl H Lindner III and featuring player Kadeem Dacres?
United Soccer League
Elton John's songwriting partner for the song "Indian Sunset" was born in what year?
1950
When was the suspension bridge which  More London was  immediately south-west of built  
between 1886 and 1894.
John Howe was a chaplain at which Ghanian boys' school?
Adisadel College
Are Jeff Noon and John Banville both novelists?
yes
French-Lithuanian literary scientist, known among other things for the Greimas Square, also developed the Actantial model in what year?
1966
What college is part of the Maine Community College System and is adjacent to a sparkplug lighthouse in South Portland, Maine?
Southern Maine Community College
What is a village and civil parish in Three Rivers District, Hertfordshire, that has a bishop of the Anglican Communion and the former Bishop of Chile, Bolivia & Peru ?
Chorleywood
Dete is a small railway re-crewing depot in a country with roughly how many people?
16 million
Who is the director of the  2016 American mystery thriller drama film in which Haley Loraine Keeling has appeared?
Tate Taylor
Kenny Hall had a curacy in which town in County Tyrone?
Dungannon
When was the Northern Irish professional snooker player on which "The Rack Pack" focused on his rivalry born? 
18 March 1949
The song "Tonight Quintet" had its lyrics composed by an American lyricist born in what year?
1930
The Elmendorf Beast was the name given to a coyote blamed for several attacks on livestock in Elmendorf, Texas, various opinions have been offered as to the identity of the creature, whose appearance had been altered by sickness and/or congenital ailments, and that it was a wolf–coyote cross, including the Xoloitzcuintli , a short, hairless breed of dog, found in toy, miniature, and standard sizes, in English-speaking countries is known as what?
Mexican Hairless Dog
Which former American lawyer and Republican politician currently leads the agency that was created for the purpose of protecting human health? 
Scott Pruitt
Ellen Mirojnick worked on the film about which pianist?
Liberace
The Davies's big-eared bat can be found here, which is the smallest country in South America.
Suriname
What school did Vashti Cunningham attend whose mascot is a Gael?
Bishop Gorman High School
Larenz Tate was in the film written and directed by whom?
Theodore Witcher
Which film out of the following two came out earlier, The Million Dollar Duck or Babes in Toyland?
Babes in Toyland
The Dictator co-starred the actor who played what role in the film "Gandhi"?
Mohandas Gandhi
What number was the Winter Olympic Games in which Yevgeniy Velichko represented Kazakhstan in cross-country skiing?
21st
Baker's Chocolate is a brand name owned by the company formed by a merger in what year?
2015
Which Indian playback singer sang the title song in the 1965 Hindi film Mahabharata?
Mohammed Rafi
"The Wanted" song written by Andy Hill, Henrik Michelsen, and Edvard Førre Erfjord was released on an album by what company?
Island Records
The Prussian Trust is registered in the capital city of what German state?
North Rhine-Westphalia
What was the birth date of an English synthpop musician that collaborated with Bernard Summer and Johnny Marr?
4 October 1959
Which magazine has had a sister publication, Latin Mass Magazine or American Heritage?
American Heritage
Which is native to farther west, Anthotroche or Lomatium?
Lomatium
Name the 2002 American superhero horror film, based on a fictional Marvel Comics character, written by David Goyer, which is a sequel of the first film, and whose third and subsequent film called Trinity stars Wesley Snipes?
Blade II
Are Dirty Pretty Things and Bastille from the same country?
yes
What group did Todd Haberkorn join that got him a minor part in a TV adaption of a Japanese shōjo manga series by Miwa Ueda?
Funimation
In what region of Nevada is the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Battlelab located?
southwestern
Club Filipino (pronounced "klub") was the first exclusive social club in the Philippines, founded on November 6, 1898 by Filipino high society, including Spanish "mestizos" and members of the native aristocracy, it is located between North Greenhills subdivision and which shopping mall complex in the city of San Juan in the Philippines?
Greenhills Shopping Center
What amusement and water park has the Alpine Bobsled roller coaster but is separate from the Six Flags brand?
Great Escape
Are Gary Lightbody and Dustin Kensrue from the same country?
no
Ghostbusters is a comedy role-playing game, published by which company that made board, role-playing, and war games, in 1986?
West End Games
The lead singer of the duo The Dresden Dolls also performs in what supergroup?
8in8
Are Shih Tzu and Canaan Dog both breeds that originated in Asia?
no
Where is the band that Paul (Paulie) Simmons toured with during the 1980s from?
Black Oak, Arkansas
"I'll Make Love to You" is a 1994 number-one hit single by R&B group Boyz II Men for the label of which American record company, founded by Berry Gordy Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and was later incorporated as Motown Record Corporation?
Motown
Which Japanese anime based on a novel does Bryce Papenbrook provide voice work for?
Sword Art Online
Are both Mentha and Hesperis part of plant families that sound like food?
yes
Are both the Barnadesia and Petroselinum genuses flowering plants?
yes
When was the Spanish footballer  who was Among the main players behind the success of 1998–99 Valencia CF season born?
27 March 1974
how is El Sueño del Mara'akame and Huichol people related?
Mexican
Joe Eigo, is a Canadian stunt performer, info about the demographic features of the population of Canada, including population density, ethnicity, religious affiliations and other aspects of which population?
People of Canada
Who wrote the Beatles song that was released on the B-side of the single featured on the film soundtrack of the same name in 1964?
Paul McCartney
Alessandro Scarlatti and Antonín Dvořák, were both of which occupation?
composer
Were the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River and the Battle of Chickamauga fought in the same decade ? 
no
What kind of research does Dogspot undertake?
nutritional requirements of dogs and cats
What south-eastern river that orginates from Mount Kosciuszko and has Brodribb River as a perennial river?
Snowy River
Are William Witney and Frederick Wiseman both documentarians?
no
Who is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom whose book a thesis by John F Kennedy alludes to?
Winston Churchill
Are both Genus Michauxia and Strombocactus endemic to the same continent ?
no
What is the name of an American novelist with film adaptations of his novels released in 2003 and in 2013?
Orson Scott Card
Who is the wife of the producer of the film "More Than a Miracle"?
Sophia Loren
Which is the nearest high school in the Orford area which was formerly known as William Beamont Community High School.
Beamont Collegiate Academy
Medindie Gardens, South Australia is located in which local governmenta area in Adelaide?
City of Prospect
In the 1989 Barber Saab Pro Series season are cars were shod by an American multinational tire manufacturing company founded in what year?
1898
Who was the engineer responsible for a specfic make of car by a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars?
Ken Howes
 20th Critics' Choice Awards was hosted by a media personality born in which year ?
1971
Specials for Cher's Do You Believe? tour were filmed a multi-purpose arena located on what?
Las Vegas Strip
What What comedian, who starred in several Happy Madison films, played a character in Saturday Night Live's 'Hans and Franz"?
Kevin Nealon
Baron Prášil is the czech name for a character who is loosely based on what real baron?
Hieronymus Karl Friedrich
Does Ningbo, China or Gujiao, China have a larger population?
Ningbo
The famous Hollywood Sign is located on the southern slope of Mount Lee and a view of it can be had by driving north up Gower Street from Hollywood Boulevard,  a major east–west street in what California city?
Los Angeles
The album on which "Long Live" appeared in was released on what date?
October 25, 2010
The Sting was an episode of The Office written by the American actress who created what other sitcom?
The Mindy Project
What team, who was lead by Bob Stoops in 2015, current quarterback is Baker Mayfield?
2015 Oklahoma Sooners football team
What Arlington, TX-based franchise played in the 2015 American League Division Series?
Texas Rangers
What type of transmission does Tower to the People and Wardenclyffe Tower have in common?
wireless
In what year was the star of Chhote Sarkar born?
1931
Who produce the film who lost to "Inside Out" at the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film?
Pixar Animation Studios
Are Roger Hodgson and Max Green both from England?
no
Which roller coaster, opened in 1975, is a part of the Walt Disney World Quest Magical Racing Tour?
Space Mountain
Which dog originated in the United Kingdom, Norwich Terrier or Brazilian Terrier?
Norwich Terrier
Where is the location of Spalding United F.C., the English football club that Roy Moore played central defender for?
Spalding, Lincolnshire
Not including Arizona, what U.S. State's border is on Lake Mead located near the Hoover Damn?
Nevada
For what children's show are both Paul Reubens and Phil Hartman actors in?
Pee-wee's Playhouse
What medium of communication does That Darn Cat and Miracle have in common?
written
Which episode follows Southpark's November 13, 2013 episode?
"A Song of Ass and Fire"
What s the sqkm of a island country where Microcausta argenticilia was found 
10,990 sqkm
Are the plant species Quesnelia and Chlidanthus both native to South American countries?
yes
Who was born first, Michael Powell, or Ralph Bakshi?
Michael Latham Powell
how is Jim Cassell and Stephen Ireland connected?
plays
Are both Throwing Muses and Grouplove American bands?
yes
Were Chammak Challo and Ra.One created by Indian artists?
Indian science fiction film
Did the Battle of Pusan Perimeter or the Battle of Peleliu happen first?
Battle of Peleliu
When was the winner of the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Performance in 1961 born?
April 16, 1924
The Eau Claire Commissioners were a Minnesota–Wisconsin League minor league baseball team that played under that name from 1910 to 1912, Notably, which Major League Baseball Hall of Famer played for the team, an American professional baseball player, and the last pitcher officially permitted to throw the spitball?
Burleigh Arland Grimes
"The One with the Apothecary Table" concerns the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston buying what from Pottery Barn?
apothecary table
Which French politician served as President of France?
Nicolas Sarkozy
Who has received acclaim, and generated controversy, for his often surreal, disturbing films,  Henry Lehrman or Darren Aronofsky ?
Darren Aronofsky
What type of saxophonist was this musician who inspired Wilburt Prysock?
jazz tenor saxophonist
What Independent News & Media paper did Adair deliver in his youth?
Belfast Telegraph
Does Tillandsia or Polystichum have more species?
Tillandsia
What is the name of the husband of the singer of the song Walking Down Madison?
Steve Lillywhite
In what year was the corporation created that William Davis Ticknor was the president and chairman of the board of?
1919
Who took Eric Harvey's place on the new Spoon album?
Rob Pope
how is Drowned World Tour and Jamie King related?
American
Scott Lomax is an author who wrote about the innocence of a British man who was wrongly convicted of the murder of who?
Jill Dando
Swedish actor Peter Stormare played in the comedy Fargo along with which other actors?
(William H. Macy) hires two criminals (Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare) to kidnap his wife
The 1972 German Grand Prix ended with which Swiss driver finishing 2nd?
Gianclaudio Giuseppe Regazzoni
Which film premiered at the 2015 Tribeca Film Festival and had the same producer as the documentary film Pray the Devil Back to Hell?
The Armor of Light
Aromanian, is an Eastern Romance language spoken in which geographical region of Europe, consisting primarily of the coterminous Balkan peninsula?
Southeast Europe
Lisa Flanagan movie debut was in a film irected by who?
Paul Goldman
Angela Rayner, Britain's current shadow Secretary of State for Education, is an MP for which party?
Labour
The "Nike Hypervenom" is a football boot endorsed/worn by professional footballer who plays as a winger for what club?
Leicester City
What is the name of the role of an Irish actress in "A Prayer for the Dying" who is a part of Taffin film along with  Ray McAnally and Jeremy Child?
Siobhan Donavan
What user interface used by Apple is compared to the RK Launcher?
Aqua
What country are both the Voergaard Castle and North Jutlandic Island located in?
Denmark
Tuxedo, New York is a town that includes the system of limited access highways named for which Governor?
Thomas E. Dewey
What country is the singer song-writer behind the album "Sleep through the Static" and "Brushfire Fairytales" from?
United States
What city was Joseph Druces victim working in?
Boston
When did the monarch of Norway ascend to the throne?
17 January 1991
Which film was released first, Triumph of the Will or Voices of Iraq?
Triumph of the Will
Lee Hae-young's third feature film stars who ?
Park Bo-young and Uhm Ji-won
Who originally set the revised version of Thesee in 1675?
Jean-Baptiste Lully
Which director was best known for westerns, Robert N. Bradbury or Rob Schneider?
Robert N. Bradbury
Which Canadian former professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association who was named the Most Valuable Player twice did Phoenix Suns sign in 2004?
Steve Nash
What movie was "Leave Home" featured in that was directed by Stephen Frears?
High Fidelity
What town is located in a county with a population of approximately 407,761 in 2016?
Deering
When was the female star of the film The Legacy born?
January 29, 1940
In what war did the Royal Navy include the Condottieri-class light cruiser Eugenio di Savoia?
World War II
At what age did the mathematician, who studied engineering in the department headed by a prominent innovator in the understanding of fluid dynamics, enter the University of Manchester in 1904?
16
Which largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Western India is the capital of Rajasthan
Jaipur
Henry Wilfrid Brambell, was an Irish film and television actor best known for his role in the British television series "Steptoe and Son", and also performed alongside the Beatles in their film "A Hard Day's Night", playing which English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer, that gained worldwide fame as the bass guitarist and singer for the rock band the Beatles, fictional grandfather?
Paul McCartney
The regional state university providing degrees for residents of Central Maine has a library named for whom?
Bennett D. Katz
What composer created the score for the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Brian Tyler
Who was foundedby the most people, the Desjardins Group or Perella Weinberg Partners L.P.?
Perella Weinberg Partners
What show is the actor who starred in the 2001 television film starring Robert Hays, Mel Harris, Alana Austin, Taylor Emerson, Betty White and Robert Wagner best known for?
L.A. Law
Which was the first in their band to debut as a solo srtist, Maja Ivarsson or Lee Min-woo?
Lee Min-woo
Which area is on the southern end of Crnoljeva? 
Metohija
Is Codiaeum and Quesnelia native to the same geographical area?
no
Lanark Grammar School celebrated its octocentenary in 1983, including a visit by Princess Royal born in which year ?
1950
Which band is from the west coast, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros or Jack Off Jill?
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros
The spider and the fly featured a serial killer housed in which correctional facility?
Attica Correctional Facility
The MBTA line located at the intersection of Massachusetts Ave and Huntington Avenue passes through what part of Boston? 
Emerald Necklace of Boston
The Melanchthon Circle was a 16th-century Lutheran intellectual network centred on the University of Wittenberg in Germany, and its leading theologian Philip Melanchthon, patronage came from which 37th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, who after converting to Lutheranism, became the first ruler of the Duchy of Prussia, the secularized state that emerged from the former Monastic State of the Teutonic Knights?
Albert of Prussia
Do the Trailing bellflower and the Pseudocydonia sinensis belong to the same plant family?
no
Herb Metoyer is a Detroit-based singer-songwriter and novelist, best known for his folk music , he was an early mentor to, and lifelong influence on, Mike Taylor, who performed extensively with Henry John Deutschendorf Jr., an American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor, activist, and humanitarian, whose greatest commercial success was as a solo singer, known professionally as John Denver, died on which date?
October 12, 1997
Who directed more films, Millard Webb or Charles Martin Smith?
Millard Webb
Wendy Carlos, an American musican and composer, studied at what University before moving to NewYork in 1962?
Brown University
Aspen Creek Grill (formerly Aspen Creek) is a restaurant chain previously owned by which American chain restaurant that specializes in steaks and promotes a Western theme, and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky?
Texas Roadhouse
1970–71 Cincinnati Royals season, after trading Oscar Robertson, the Royals became a quick, young team, which Royals coach assisted the opposing teams racked up an average of 119.2 points per game, an American retired professional basketball player, and played point guard with the Boston Celtics from 1950 to 1963?
Robert Joseph Cousy
Are Joseph Henabery and Juan José Campanella of the same nationality?
no
The 2013–14 Toronto Raptors season traded which Italian professional basketball player who last played for Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague born on October 26, 1985?
Andrea Bargnani
What United States territory hails both Julius Jackson and the three time world champion boxer born in 1960 who is ranked #25 in a 2003 magazine?
the U.S. Virgin Islands
The 2013–14 Union Dutchmen ice hockey team represented Union College in the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season, the team captain was which Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Syracuse Crunch in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Tampa Bay Lightning, of the National Hockey League (NHL)?
Mathew Bodie
Who has a wider scope of profession, Naz Edwards or Ana Lenchantin?
Naz Edwards
Fill Your Heart" was written together with an american composer born in which year ?
1940
 Lady in a Cage stars an actress born in which year ?
1916
La traviata, is an opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi set to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave, it was first performed on which date at Teatro La Fenice, an opera house in Venice, Italy?
6 March 1853
Gorgidas was the first known Theban military leader of of troop of select soldiers annihilated in what battle?
the Battle of Chaeronea
Martin Höhener plays for the team that averaged how many spectators in 2016-17?
16,399
Are both Ficus and Oxydendrum native to the same continent?
no
Notable speakers at the Brisbane Institute include a painter known for his precisionist depictions of what?
urban landscapes
The current holder of the PFA Players' Player of the Year award is a defensive midfielder for what English club?
Chelsea
Indian Airlines Flight 605 was flying from an airport formerly known by what name?
Sahar International Airport
What 8th studio album was released on January 28, 2016 and featured the song, 'Love on the Brain'?
Anti
What is the current club of the player that Jorrit Hendrix replace on his debut?
Hertha BSC
where is the  public university that funds Florida Digital Newspaper Library located  
Jacksonville, Florida
Steve Cram was a runner during the same period as the British politician who won how many Olympic medals?
four
Argyreia and Dipcadi, have which mutual characteristic?
plants
What is the 2009 population of the town that contains South Bartow Residential District?
16,959
Who composed the tune most closely associated to the "Infernal Galop" as part of the "Orpheus in the Underworld" opera?
Jacques Offenbach
Which 2017 film was directed by Keegan-Michael Key's co-star in American comedy series Key & Peele?
Get Out
Which American metropolitan public research university did The 2014 South Florida Bulls football team represente
The University of South Florida
Le Rêve is a stage production in residence at the Wynn Las Vegas casino resort, Dragone, who was the director behind which water-themed stage production by Cirque du Soleil, a Canadian circus and entertainment company, since October 1998?
O
Was the New England Offering and Sayidaty produced in the USA?
no
Maa Madurai had music composed by which Indian composer?
Karthik Raja
"Miffy's Adventures Big and Small" is based on the book series "Miffy", along with a continuation of a previous show that was a stop-motion animated television series, what type of animated show was "Miffy's Adventures Big and Small"?
CGI-animated
Who owns the ice hockey team that Oscar Lindberg plays for in the 2017-2018 National Hockey League?
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment
Who is an Indigenous Australian koori people who are from the area which extended from around Singleton in the Hunter Valley through to the Warrumbungle Mountains in the west?
Gail Garvey
What type of authors are Alfred Bester and Iain Banks?
fiction author
When did the man that popularized the Nanissáanah shoot an enemy?
August 5, 1881
What athlete has been coached by both Paul Annacone and Stefan Edberg?
Roger Federer
Which one of Stewart Reburn's figure skating partners won more Olympic and World titles than any other ladies' figure skater?
Sonja Henie
Are Mervyn Peake and Margaret Laurence both writers?
yes
Curtains, a musical mystery comedy with a book by Rupert Holmes was performed by the Reynolds Secondary School in what year?
2014
The characters in the opera The Visitors are escaping the Black Death by sheltering in a villa outside what city
Florence
Who led the UCLA Bruins win in the NCAA men's basketball championship game in 1973 and was sunsequently  inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on May 10, 1993?
Bill Walton
What character did the actress, who co-stars with Nicolas Cage in the 2004 heist film, play in "Baby Blues"?
Melinda Bitterman
Which is an alternative rock band, Eugenius or Pluto?
Pluto
What player from the Seattle Seahawks played college football at Stanford and is now a member of the "Legion of Boom?"
Richard Sherman
 Who produced a song that was released on September 12, 2008 by Big Machine Records, this artist has released four video albums and has appeared in thirty-eight music videos, five films and three television shows?
Nathan Chapman
What Native American nation did the coach of the 1922 Oorang Indians belong to?
Sac and Fox Nation
Trap or Die 3 is a studio album that features guest appearances by the rapper from what Georgia city?
Atlanta
When did the amusement park where Bukh & Gry showed their only automobile open?
15 August 1843
Was Tarzan made before The Vanishing Prairie?
no
Stan Love has a son who plays basketball for what team? 
Cleveland Cavaliers
When was the CrossFit athlete who won the women's competition in "2013 CrossFit Games" born? 
14 March 1982
"Gasoline" is a song by which American singer and songwriter?
Halsey
Peter Gade plays for the Gentofte BK club for what sport?
badminton
The actress who plays Cho Chang in the movie based on the "Harry Potter" novels by author J. K. Rowling, was born on what day?
born 8 August 1987
Which game released exclusively on PlayStation portable was released at the same time as Assassin's Creed II in 2009?
Assassin's Creed: Bloodlines
Who is this Chinese model, actress, and singer based in Hong Kong who was chosen by "Southern Metropolis Daily" as one of the New Four Dan Actresses in 2013 and appeared in the 2016 Hong Kong-Chinese fantasy film League of Gods?
Angelababy
What is the name of the closer who is MLB's career leader in saves who retired after the 2013 New York Yankees Season?
Mariano Rivera
Where is the laboratory where Joseph Hendrie served as chairman of the Department of Applied Science?
Upton, New York
Which beverage contains whiskey, Lynchburg Lemonade or Zurracapote?
Lynchburg Lemonade
What theme of films do Peter Lamont and Tomorrow Never Dies have in common?
James Bond
In the 1977 new wave band where Terry Farrelly was the lead drummer, what nationality was the lead vocalist?
English
What is the organization abbreviated IKG that represents those who practice Judaism in Austria?
Israelitische Kultusgemeinde Wien
Vale of Tears is a novel by politician born in what year?
1944
What former aircraft factory and airfield was used to film the 2016 movie The Legend of Tarzan?
Leavesden Studios
Footballer is a painting by an Australian artist best known for what?
his series of paintings on legends from Australian history
which family of microcontrollers was NanoVM developed to run on 
AVR
What style rock bands are the groups Muzzle and Hello Sleepwalkers?
alternative rock band
What 3D computer-animated film starred the voices of Steve Martin and Jennifer Lopez and had a comic book written about it by Matt Hebb?
Home
Iphigénie en Tauride was an operat by which classical composer?
Christoph Willibald (Ritter von) Gluck
Liam Smith, is a British professional boxer, Liam is the younger brother of Paul Smith and who, a British professional boxer, and is the current WBC Silver super featherweight champion?
Stephen Smith
Marcia A. Karrow succeeded the congressman who has served his district in the US House since what year?
2009
Legend co-starred which actress from Pune, Maharashtra?
Radhika Apte
Where were the teams home games played who represented the University of Kentucky in the Southeastern Conference and who's coach was a retired American football coach and former player ?
Commonwealth Stadium
Björn Tom Fredrik Nordström has worked with a Swedish melodic death metal band that released what album in 2014?
At War with Reality
Which of these breeds is now extinct and was never established, the Toy Bulldog or Wirehaired Vizsla?
Wirehaired Vizsla
Who was born first, James Schuyler or Robert Lowell?
Robert Traill Spence Lowell IV
Fort: Prophet of the Unexplained is a comic series created by which British artist?
Frazer Irving
Lisa Cholodenko and Pierre Morel, have which mutual occupation?
film director
What singer did the Tiny Dancers support who was in The Verve?
Richard Ashcroft
Apart from three films including a 2007 one starring Kurt Russell, Lawrence Bender has produced most of the movies by which director?
Quentin Tarantino
While Barley wine is a style of strong ale, what term is applied to dark, malty beers in England, generally above 5% abv, also to dark ales of any strength in Australia?
Old ale
Which label released the album whose song was debuted during Metallica's appearance on the Howard Stern Show in 2016?
Blackened Recordings
What is featured on the British decimal twenty pence coin that in banner form is know as the "Royal Standard"?
royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom
Which daily newspaper founded in 1847 hosts Sidney Smith's comic strip "The Gumps"?
The Chicago Tribune
Who was the company that manufactures the New Routemaster founded by?
Robert Wright
The USS Elrod is named after a captain that attended what 2 universities?
University of Georgia and Yale University
In which year was the party that had been represented in the Styrian parliament since 2005 formed?
1918
How many inhabitants were in the city close to where Alberta Ferretti's studios was located? 
146,606
Harrison Ford, who played a supporting role for an American mystery thriller film called The Conversation, gained worldwide fame for his staring role as Han Solo in which film series?
"Star Wars"
Which Australian guitarist is known for his work writing the album Fly on the Wall with Malcolm Young and Brian Johnson?
Angus Young
Which company that sells T-shirts and hoodies is featured in a surfing competition?
Vans
What castle in Ireland once occupied by the MacDonnells is accessible by a bridge?
Dunluce Castle
What County that was incorporated on June 25, 1789 and named for John Hancock, has a short stream  from its source the river runs 5.4 mi south to its confluence with Mill Brook in Eastbrook?
Hancock County
Superfast!, is a 2015 American parody comedy film written and directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer, and is a parody of which American franchise based on a series of action films that is largely concerned with illegal street racing and heists, and includes material in various other media that depicts characters and situations from the films?
The Fast and the Furious
When was the main theme of a 2012 American buddy comedy film released by Seth MacFarlane released?
June 26, 2012
How many CBT titles has the team, in which Mandy Edwards was signed to play in 2008, won?
two
Who is Cormac McCarthy?
American
J.E.B. v. Alabama ex rel. T.B. extended precedent in which 1986 case regarding race-based peremptory challenges in criminal trials?
Batson v. Kentucky
Which documentary, Bomb Harvest or Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat, was created first?
Bomb Harvest
Untold: The Greatest Sports Stories Never Told was hosted by a sportscaster commonly referred to as what ?
the voice of basketball
On what coast is the Cape that Hyde Parker took part in the capture as a junior officer?
Atlantic
Which Japanese video game director and producer started his career at Capcom and collaborated with Goichi Suda to create Shadows of the Damned?
Shinji Mikami
Which 1994 film starred actor Danny Trejo?
Heat
Which rock group has more members, State Radio or Nada Surf?
Nada Surf
Which Irish actor plays the fictional character Stuart Alan Jones from Queer as Folk?
Aidan Gillen
Where was the player acquired from the Denver Nuggets by the Mavericks before the 1990-91 season born?
Pine Bluff, Arkansas
Did a Democrat or Republican win U.S. Senate in 2016?
Democrat
Are Monte Melkonian and Vanes Martirosyan both boxers?
no
Which American actress has starred on "NY-LON" and "Parks and Recreation"? 
Rashida Jones
In what number Olympics did Dalixia Fernández Grasset first represent her native country?
XXVII
The Words is a 2012 mystery romantic drama film, it stars which English actor, and is known for his portrayal of Caspian X in "The Chronicles of Narnia" films?
Ben Barnes
Chasing Pirates hit number 7 in which category, known for its roots in West African cultural and musical expression?
Jazz
The tragedy of Giovanna d'Aragona inspired many writers, but which one wrote the play The Duchess of Malfi?
John Webster
What year did the annual conference started by, among others, the man who ranked No. 4 on the "Forbes" Midas List of 2014, first start?
2006
Jacques Demy and Akira Kurosawa, have which mutual occupations?
director and screenwriter
What famous female multi-platinum awarding winning singer-songwriter can be seen using Moon Guitars' acoustic instruments.
Adele
In what year did the "nest of snakes" city in Mexico experience a hurricane?
1922
Which English Football player who was born in 1936 began his career in the Manchester United youth teams playing alongsude Tony Hawksworth?
Duncan Edwards
Are Jim Morrison and Richie Furay both of American nationality?
yes
Name the 2001 American martial arts buddy cop action comedy film starring Jackie Chan and Chris Carter and a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter who is best known for her role as Elena Delgado in 'Without a Trace'?
Rush Hour 2
Who has more awards for their films, Hal Hartley or Alexander Payne?
Alexander Payne
Which American musician, composer, activist and filmmaker whose work is characterized by nonconformity, free-form improvisation, sound experiments and satire of American culture, has collaborated with American keyboard player Tommy Mars?
Frank Zappa
What was the population in the 2010 census of the town where The Auld-McCobb House is located ?
2,165
Braathens Helikopter was a helicopter airline based at Stavanger Airport and another airport that had how many passengers in 2014?
6,078,589
Which singer was also a comic writer, Ann Wilson or Gerard Way?
Gerard Arthur Way
Which genus, Rubus or Cunonia, contains the largest number of individual species?
Rubus
In which US state did Timothy McVeigh detonate a truck bomb?
Oklahoma
What cultural establishment is located in the affluent area of Victoriaborg in Accra, Ghana?
National Theatre
The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles are members of which collegiate athletic conference which operates in the Midwestern and Southeastern United States?
Ohio Valley Conference
Which group is from the US, Uncle Tupelo or The Vines?
Uncle Tupelo
When did the American reality television series that had a connetion with Count's 77 debut?
August 13, 2012
Between Romesh Ranganathan and Ben Miller, who has more experience in the entertainment industry?
Ben Miller
Which is an English band, Mansun or Fitz and The Tantrums?
Mansun
Carolyn Laurie Kane, (born June 18, 1952) is an American stage, screen and television actress and comedian, she appeared on the television series, "Taxi" in the early 1980s, as the wife of Latka, the character played by which American comedian, actor, writer, performance artist and professional wrestler, that died on May 16, 1984?
Andrew G. Kaufman
Which three countries was the person who introduced the name "Emma" to England the Queen Consort of?
England, Denmark, and Norway
Which writer, Ruth Prawer Jhabvala or Kenzaburō Ōe, has won more prizes in literature?
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
What group released a song inspired by Debbie Harry from the band Blondie as well the song "Love Shack"?
B-52s
Which football player from Manchester United's 1984-85 season is now the manger of English Premier League club Stoke City?
Mark Hughes
Before 21 Lithuanian dukes signed a peace treaty with Galicia–Volhynia, what is an example of the war-related functions the group who made up the majority of the military-economic staff of the state performed?
breeding riding horses
Which film came out first, Ring of Fire or Streetwise?
Streetwise
The Collection has tracks from the first heavy metal album maker and who else?
"Paranoid", one from "Master of Reality"
Are both Fengnan District and Xiangyang located in China?
yes
Which song, inspired by a high school student who shot himself in front of his English class, also appears with Yellow Ledbetter?
Jeremy
What type of clothing does Valley Apparel L.L.C. produce?
Flight jackets and military outerwear
Where is the company headquarters for the company in charge of the Run London event?
Beaverton, Oregon
Brüno is a film starring which English actor?
Sacha Noam Baron Cohen
Which band shortened its name in 1973 and played with True Ingredients?
The Gap Band
In January 2016  Precision Castparts Corp. became a sibsidiary of a multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered where?
Omaha, Nebraska, United States
Who was an American rock band from New York City, formed in 1981, Hot Hot Heat or Sonic Youth ?
Sonic Youth
Which American musician and front man for the alternative band Dinosaur Jr. also appears on two songs by the band Inherit?
J Mascis
In what city is the university, for which Kim English played college basketball, located?
Columbia, Missouri, U.S.
What was the population at the 2010 census of the city where Hillman College was located?
25,216
Which newspaper named the volunteer free corps commanded by Christian Frederik von Schalburg?
Fædrelandet
In what city is the network which Major Dad originally ran on headquartered?
New York City
Who is the Belgian singer who us the winner of World Music Award and released the single "Scream for More"?
Kate Ryan
What is the population of the suburb whose name commemorates Charles James Fox Campbell?
7,003
XO sauce is one of Lee Kum Kee's product range. Which country does it originate from?
Hong Kong
The DeLorean DMC-12 was the only model of car ever made by the company formed in what year?
1975
Which was established first, Russo's New York Pizzeria or Valentino's?
Valentino's
When was the actor who played the partner to Detective Danny "Danno" Williams born?
December 30, 1920
In what month was the crash that Dennis Nielsen is most widely known for having participated in the rescue effort for?
July
The Red Bull RB8 is a Formula One racing car designed by Red Bull Racing which competed in the 2012 Formula One season, the car was driven by Sebastian Vettel, a German racing driver currently driving in Formula One, for which organization?
Scuderia Ferrari
Which was fought in Europe, the Battle of the Wilderness or the Meuse-Argonne Offensive?
Meuse-Argonne Offensive
The mother of the husband of Erato was set among the stars as what constellation?
Ursa Major
What country of origin does Andrew Robinson and Jordan Smith have in common?
Australian
which American historical theologian is featured on KCFO (970 AM) radio station?
Albert Mohler
Which National Park covers more boundaries/ provinces, Picos de Europa National Park or  Cabañeros National Park?
Cabañeros National Park
How many women did the mass murderer portrayed by Maxim Gaudette in the 2009 film "Polytechnique" murder in 1989?
14
Paul Revere is a song by Beastie Boys, written by Joseph Simmons on what album?
Licensed to Ill
Both The Turn of the Screw and Martha are categorized as what genre?
opera
Whatt is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"' fourth season that was one of a few episodes that features the return of Lurleen Lumpkin after an absence of sixteen years?
"Marge vs. the Monorail"
Are Bluebeard's Castle and The Beggar's Opera both one-act operas?
no
Gustaf Tenggren was the chief illustrator for what 1937 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions?
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Are both Duke University and University of California, Berkeley in the same state ?
no
Peter Holmström plays  guitar in which American alternative rock band form the 1990s?
The Dandy Warhols
what is a wargaming magazine, Men's Journal or Moves?
Moves
Star Wind is a novel published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt which is headquartered where?
Boston's Back Bay
Which movie came out first, Garbo Talks or The Blues Brothers?
The Blues Brothers
The 1973 film The Wicker Man starred this Australian theater and film actress who passed in October of 2011?
Diane Cilento
What was the name of the racing video game in which the performance of "somebody new" was featured?
Gran Turismo Sport
A Hard Day's Night is a Ringo Starr Filmography that was written by whom?
Alun Owen
Which South Korean film director directed the 2012 romance "Love 911"
Jeong Gi-hun
Are Stauntonia and Copernicia both found in China?
no
Which automobile repair shop founded by Ryan Friedlinghaus and Quintin Dodson was featured on a show that aired on TLC and the Discovery Channel?
West Coast Customs
Which dog breed is extinct, Japanese Chin or Tahltan Bear Dog?
Tahltan Bear Dog
Are both Starsailor and The Rockfords bands?
yes
József Zakariás was a footballer who was a team member with a Hungarian who also played for Ferencváros TC but moved to Spain and became a member of what team?
FC Barcelona
What character does this American actor, who appears in Christmas Crime Story, portray in the the ABC musical drama "Nashville" (2012–2017)?
Teddy Conrad
Which magician that Johnny Thompson worked with was born in Columbia, Kentucky ?
Lance Burton
Are Aphelandra and Pithecellobium both genera of flowering plants?
yes
When was the Indian Hindi historical period drama television series premiered in which Juhi Parmar appears?
7 November 2016
Darrell Van Citters directed which animated television series about a real-life Japanese pop rock group?
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
Ronde Barber's twin brother was drafted by the Giants in what year?
1997
The song "Fade Away" by Bruce Springsteen is featured in an album produced by whom? 
Jon Landau, Springsteen and bandmate Steven Van Zandt
What county has a park named after a 1936 four-time Olympic gold medalist? 
Lawrence County
Is the Krazy Kat cartoon short animated film based on the Shakespearean play , Love's Labour's Lost, a drama or a comedy?
comedy
What Stanbic Bank 20 Series star retired in March 2017?
Shaun Tait
Are The Muppets and Smith! both films?
yes
Are Consumers Digest and Antic both computer magazines?
no
The song "I Could Never Love Another" by the Temptations is the final single to feature David Ruffin, and the final composition of which lyricist?
Roger Penzabene
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its tenth series, and began with the launch show on 15 September 2012, the judging panel by series 7 guest judge Darcey Bussell, who replaced another judge, Bussell is a retired English ballerina, and is currently one of the four judges, on which organization reality show "Strictly Come Dancing"?
BBC
Which of Byron Balasco's series featured an actor who also played in Zero Dark Thirty?
Kingdom
How many middle schools are there in this major school districts in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area that includes Olathe West High School?
9 middle schools
What branch of capitalism was founded by the author of The Mystery of Banking?
anarcho-capitalism
The author that wrote the text for The Composer is Dead also wrote what series of children's books?
A Series of Unfortunate Events
What was the nationality of the rock band that provided the namesake for a style of music leading to hardcore punk genre D-beat?
British
La Caution's song "Thé à la Menthe"  appeared in instrumental form in a film directed by who?
Steven Soderbergh
In 1998, Which member left the group that released the album "Nature's Symphony in 432"?
Joe Isaacs
The Bakerton Group and American Rock band Clutch both had a band member in common. Who was it?
Mick Schauer
At which University did the director of the 2016 South Korean war drama film 'Operation Chromite' study filmmaking? 
New York University
Which of the following is known particularly for his falsetto singing voice: Jimmy Somerville or Peter Dolving?
James William Somerville
Whose sixth album closes with the song "Almost Independence Day"?
Van Morrison
What kind of group does Augustana and Paul Westerberg have in common?
band
Homer's Odyssey is the third episode of the first season of "The Simpsons". What recurring character makes his first appearance in this episode?
Waylon J. Smithers Jr.
Tim Robbins and Leslie Pearce, are American?
no
Where is the parent company of Bluehost headquartered?
Burlington, Massachusetts
What choreographer directed White Noise and was the recipient of the 2015 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer?
Sergio Trujillo
Kevin “Dauber” Lacz is a United States Navy SEAL veteran who served two tours in the Iraq War with SEAL Team 3, his platoon's 2006 deployment to Ramadi has been discussed in several books, including which United States Navy SEAL veteran, New York Times best-selling autobiography, "American Sniper"?
Christopher Scott "Chris" Kyle
The actor who played Boon Carlyle in the TV Drama "Lost" also started in a 2002 black comedy film written and directed by whom?
Roger Avary
What Solid Angle application did Anthony Hemingway use in his feature film directorial debut?
Arnold
Do singers Steve Augeri and Lee Ji-hye shared the same nationality?
no
Who directed the 2007 film The Hitcher starring the actress who portrayed Stacy Hamilton in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High"?
Dave Meyers
What is the stock symbol of the company founded by Martha Lane Fox?
'LMC'
What is the birthdate of this American football player, coach, broadcaster, and politician, who coached the 1960 Oklahoma Sooners football team?
April 23, 1916
Nigel Bruce in Coming out Party was best known for his role in what other series?
Sherlock Holmes
Which of the films that American actress Susanna Thompson is known for was about the life of white supremacist Dyron De La Beckwith?
"Ghosts of Mississippi"
The Camden Riot of 1971 was a public disorder in a city made up of over twenty different what?
neighborhoods
What day did the Amy Winehouse album featuring Zalon Thompson release?
27 October 2006
When did the album that "Kim" is a prequel of release?
May 23, 2000
how is Davide di Lernia and Radio Monte Carlo related?
radio
Who's son concluded a set of treaties which ended the American Revolutionary War?
William Petty
Network economics refers to business economics that benefit from the network effect, examples are website such as which multinational e-commerce corporation, facilitating online consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer sales?
eBay Inc.
Aeneas MacKenzie wrote many notable Hollywood films, including an American biblical epic film produced, directed, and narrated by who?
Cecil B. DeMille
A team that Hilton Armstrong played in was originally located in what city? 
San Diego
Adolph Louis Camilli, was an American first baseman in Major League Baseball who spent most of his career with the Philadelphia Phillies and Brooklyn Dodgers, his brother, who boxed under which name, was an Italian-American boxer who fought professionally as a heavyweight, died of cerebral hemorrhaging following a 1930 match with Max Baer?
Frankie Campbell
What did John R. Hamilton have featured within the bi-weekly, general interest magazine, Look?
his photographs
Who created the television series of which "SpongeBob, You're Fired" is a television special?
Stephen Hillenburg
Do both Mirpur University of Science and Technology and Grand Valley State University have multiple campuses?
yes
What Connecticut team did František Kučera play for?
The Hartford Whalers
Rick Lewis is the founder of what bimonthly philosophy magazine?
Philosophy Now
Cumbrians Opposed to a Radioactive Environment has campaigned against all aspects of the operation of Sellafield, formally known as which worst nuclear accident in Great Britain's history, ranked in severity at level 5 out of a possible 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale? 
Windscale
Mountain Soul is the eleventh album of original recordings by a country music singer born and raised in what U.S. state?
Kentucky
I've Gotta Horse is from the comedy that features the English actress who appeared in two films of which camp series?
Carry On
Henry Calvin was known for his role in Zorro as the Spanish soldier as well as the 1956 American western titled what?
The Broken Star
De Borgia is a census-designated place in what county in Montana that had a population of 4223 as of the 2010 census?
Mineral County
Which flavored spirit, principally produced in Scandinavia, is also produced by House Spirits Distillery? 
Akvavit
While Bahçeşehir University is a private school, what type of school is Michigan Technological University?
public
Which athlete is older Tim Kurkjian or Gokor Chivichyan?
Timothy Bell "Tom" Kurkjian
Which major property of the Mandalay Resort Group has 2992 guest rooms ?
The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino
What war was the basis for the Milton Bradley Board game that modeled it's tanks after a tank sometimes referred to as the "Mark V"?
World War II
What actress born February 25,1966 starred in The Smell of Success?
Téa Leoni
Were both Jerry Belson and Alejandro Jodorowsky actors in Hollywood films?
no
David G. Arnold, is a British film composer, he received a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for Television and for "Sherlock", a a crime drama television series based on who's author?
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
My Own Holiday is an American rock/blues band from where, Influences of "My Own Holiday" includes James Marshall "Jimi" Hendrix, an American rock guitarist, singer, and songwriter?
California
 "Look What You Made Me Do" is a song from a studio album scheduled for release through what record label?
Big Machine Records
Which film was Mark Dacascos featured in first, Brotherhood of the Wolf or Cradle 2 the Grave?
Brotherhood of the Wolf
Who managed production of the first single of imagine dragons’ band ? Answer: Brandon Darner
Brandon Darner
What district in Warsaw is named after a Polish engineer, general, and national hero of Poland?
Bemowo
Where did the father of the 1796 ori tempore of the United States begin practicing law?
Concord, New Hampshire
Kisiljevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кисиљево, formerly Kisilova) is a village in north-east Serbia (Braničevo District), located at municipality Veliko Gradište, the town was once famous for its story about who, a Serbian peasant who was believed to have become a vampire after his death and to have killed nine of his fellow villagers?
Petar Blagojevich
what "Smile You" star also stared in a Korean show known in English as Beating Again?
Jung Kyung-ho
What town had a population of 4,789 in 2010 and is home to a historic farmhouse?
Nassau
Hot buttered rum and Between the Sheets share which type of alcohol?
drink containing rum
What American actor born May 21, 1957, starred with Danny DeVito and Bette Midler in Ruthless People?
Judge Reinhold
Dete Meserve is a principal of the production company that produced the movie that starred Helen Hunt alongside the actor and filmmaker of what nationality?
American
What genre of music, rooted in 1960s garage rock, does Dischord Records specialize in?
Punk rock
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure and Summer Wars were both animated films created in 2009; however, which one had a main character that originated from a play by J.M. Barrie?
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure
Which genus contains more species, Brachystelma or Macleaya?
Brachystelma
Evolution Skateboarding is a 2002 skateboarding video game released by Konami for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube, there are also sets of level specific songs such as the metal-remix of the theme of which action-adventure stealth video game produced by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan, and released for the PlayStation in 1998?
Metal Gear Solid
In which country did both Bruno of Würzburg and Conrad II, Holy Roman Emperor serve in?
Italy
What stadium did The 1994 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team play at with their coach who s the only college football coach to lead six different programs to bowl games?
Notre Dame Stadium
Which battle took place first, the Battle of Stones River or the Battle of the Bulge?
Battle of Stones River
What is the name of the lead character from the 2007 British-Americam fantasy adventure film based on the novel "Northern Lights"?
Lyra Belacqua
Natalie Morales appeared in the 2010 romantic comedy directed by whom?
Nanette Burstein
What was the occupation of the man who built a small, fast boat designed with a long narrow platform that could reach high speeds?
American designer, builder and racer
Are Yizheng and Wuchang District in different provinces of China?
yes
Who started the band which got it's name from UFOs, and was looked after by Mike Smith?
Dave Grohl
What book grouped into three categories: comedies, histories, and tragedies, contains a play believed to have been written in 1599? 
First Folio
what does Wang Hui-ling and The Crossing have in common?
directed
William Burke aided which Scottish sailor who was tried and executed for piracy after returning from a voyage to the Indian Ocean?
William Kidd
Were both Jane Arden and Norman Z. McLeod directors?
yes
What song was on the album Give Love at Christmas was also the 30th most-performed holiday song of all time?
This Christmas
What is the nickname of the stadium where the 2016 Texas Tech Red Raiders play their home games?
"The Law"
Prior to guest voicing on "The Itchy & Scratchty & Poochie Show", Alex Rocco guest voiced in "The Day the Violence Died" and which other "The Simpsons" episode?
"Itchy & Scratchy & Marge"
What is the year of the event that occured first, the 1998 Intercontinental Cup was played, or Raul Blanco was born?
1977
Which author was also an activist, Jonathan Kellerman or Alan Paton? 
Alan Stewart Paton
What day every year on 11 November marks the armistice signed between the Allies of World War I and Germany at Compiègne, France, it also coincides with an official United States public holiday, observed annually on November 11, that honors military veterans?
Armistice Day
Which country did the bands Thin White Rope and Eve's Plum originate?
American
What category of beverage would a Mimosa and a Paradise both fall under?
a cocktail
What professional association football club based in Milton Keynes did Michael McIndoe play for?
Milton Keynes Dons Football Club
What film did Peter Best make in 1986 that was set in the Australian Outback and in New York City?
Crocodile Dundee
The Lockheed A-12 was a reconnaissance aircraft built for which United States organization, by Skunk Works, an official pseudonym for Lockheed Martin's Advanced Development Programs (ADP), formerly called Lockheed Advanced Development Projects?
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)
What is the name of the Ari Madger movie about an American former police officer convicted of murdering her husband's ex-wife?  
Woman on Trial: The Lawrencia Bembenek Story
Which opera the "Der Freischütz" or the "The Bear" has more acts?
Der Freischütz
Crave Entertainment was an American video game company that went bankrupt in 2012, its headquarters was in Newport Beach, a seaside city in Orange County, California, in which country?
United States
which pizza chain has the  restaurant franchise location Little Caesars: or Your Pie
Your Pie
What non-profit organization was founded in 1972 for the study of the work of the writer that is widely regarded as the greastest writer in the history of the English language?
The Shakespeare Association of America
Leslie Skinner played a leading role in the development of a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket that alternatively goes by what name?
Stovepipe
Which of the members of the trio 3rdeyegirl, stylized as 3RDEYEGIRL, was a drummer and vocalist from Louisville, Kentucky?
Hannah Welton
Which star of the movie the Good Night was born on 8 September 1971 ?
Martin Freeman
What 2004 film had a role filled by an actor who also stared in a 2016 film directed by J. A. Bayona?
"Dead Man's Shoes"
Which musician was born first, Alex Turner or Annie Lennox?
Ann "Annie" Lennox
The Sturmgewehr 52 and the FG 42 are both types of which kind of gun?
rifle
Were Zora Neale Hurston and James Schuyler both known for their literary contributions to society?
yes
What former member of the country group Uncle Tupelo contributed to the album Down in a Mirror: A Second Tribute to Jandek?
Jeff Tweedy
Which of Banks and Archive have released more albums ?
Archive
What part was played by the American film actor who starred in Loan Shark from 1952 and is best known for his gangster roles in the 1934 movie 'Bolero'?
dancer
What is the release date of this fourth studio album of the rock band that released Yield as its fifth studio album?
August 27, 1996
What year was S. Aishwarya's grandmother born in?
1934
Ironically, which city did the Santa Fe 1010 locomotive never travel to?
Santa Fe, New Mexico
Do both Tori Amos and American Music Club perform rock music?
no
Which company has a headquarters that is located the farthest north, Godfather's Pizza or Chuck E. Cheese's?
Godfather's Pizza
Which singer/songwriter was older, Gwen Stefani or Freddie Mercury?
Farrokh "Freddie" Mercury
Are University of Engineering and Technology, Taxila and University of California, Riverside in the same country?
no
After leaving a member of the Los Angeles Galaxy,  a member of Girls Aloud started a relationship with which "X-Factor" judge?
Simon Cowell
What movie starring Robert Elliot had to do with the dean of Faber College?
Animal House
Tomorrow Night is a 1998 American absurdist comedy film written and directed by Louis C.K., many other comedians and comedy actors appear in the film, such as which American actor, comedian, director, producer, and writer, who's is best known for playing Michael Scott on the American version of "The Office" (2005–2011)?
Steve Carell
What BBC Three show featured an actress born on 14 December 1972?
Rush Hour
Which actress who stars in the film The Women of Marwen is German-American?
Diane Kruger
When was the german songwriter, singer, musician and producer born who produced X-Ten?
7 February 1954
What is the name of the the seventh studio album, and the Quincy Jones produced second single, from Michael Jackson? 
Bad
What actor starred  in the movies "Memories of the Sword" and "Inside Men" in 2015?
Lee Byung-hun
The Hilbert lunar crater was named after a man that died in what year?
1943
Syrian statesman, politician, and general who was President of Syria from 1971 to 2000, died before the Syrian presidential election, held on what date?
10 July 2000
Who recorded a song released in 2010 as the second single from Kracker's album "Happy Hour" and also made "Devil Without a Cause"?
Kid Rock
Which cast member of Exit 57 also appears on BoJack Horseman ?
Amy Sedaris
What was the name of the world's first robotics company, founded in 1962 by Joseph F. Engelberger and George Devol, an American inventor known for developing Unimate, the first material handling robot employed in industrial production work?
Unimation
which match was played between Italian side Juventus and Spanish side Barcelona on 6June 2015?
2015 UEFA Champions League Final
1984 Prize of Moscow News had a winner of the Olympics in what future year?
1992
What English glam rock singer born as Paul Francis Gadd co-wrote Always Yours?
Gary Glitter
What Emmy-nominated American actress and comedian had a supporting role in the 2015 American romantic comedy film directed by Judd Apatow and written by Amy Schumer?
Vanessa Polster Bayer
What is the bridge near Clark Island made of?
steel
Which genus has more species, Malephora or Kirengeshoma?
Malephora
What are both Egeria and Selago?
a genus of plant
What is one drug that replaced drugs that were first shown to be an anesthetic at the Ether Dome?
halothane
Battlefield: 1942: The Road to Rome is an expansion pack which includes a British twin-engine shoulder-winged multi-role combat aircraft served during and after what war?
Second World War
What 1979 drama film directed by John Schlesinger did Lisa Eichhorn make her film debut and win two Golden globe nominations for?
Yanks
The wanderer is a song by U2 from an album that was released on which day ?
5 July 1993
Which film was made first Flight of the Navigator or Do Dooni Chaar?
Flight of the Navigator
What was released first, Crumb or The King of Kong
Crumb
Do Waldsteinia and Obregonia contain the same number of species?
no
The Living Oracles is a translation of the New Testament created by Alexander Campbell, the early Restoration Movement leader who stressed as paramount the reliance on few essentials as well as what item?
scripture
Are Emily Haines and Tyler Joseph members of the same band?
no
Probe starred Hugh O'Brian and directed by whom?
a
What two actors besides the actor who debuted as a member of South Sorean boy group Shinee starred in Canola?
Youn Yuh-jung, Kim Go-eun
What is the name of the country in which the IPC Shopping Mall is located?
Malaysia
Annabelle: Creation is a movie in the series that is distributed by what cinema company?
New Line Cinema
Were Walerian Borowczyk and Seth Grahame-Smith of Japanese descent?
no
Have the films Chernobyl Heart and Born into Brothels both won an Academy Award?
yes
Seven Days is directed by whom
Won Shin-yun
Steven Levert "Steve" Clarkson, is an American football coach, Clarkson has tutored Ben Roethlisberger, an American football quarterback for which sports organization, of the National Football League (NFL)?
Pittsburgh Steelers
In between Indigofera and Willow, which one has 750 species?
Indigofera
Which of these is named after a character from Shakespeare's "The Tempest" Nerium or Calibanus ?
Calibanus
Xi'an International Studies University (XISU), is a public Chinese university, located in the northwestern city of Xi'an, China's ancient capital well known for the Terracotta Warriors, the Terracotta Army, is a collection of terracotta sculptures, depicting the armies of Qin Shi Huang, the first Emperor of which country?
China
 Lilian Sukis sang the role of Countess Almaviva in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro" at an internationally recognized annual repertory theatre festival founded by who?
Tom Patterson
Which Ohio-based regional bank holding company did Jerry Grundhofer leave Bank of America for?
Star Banc Corporation
Ty Simpkins appeared in horror film "Insidious", writtenby which Malaysian-Australian film director, screenwriter, and producer?
James Wan
Richard Brooke, bought the manor of Norton, near Runcorn, Cheshire from Henry VIII in 1545 following the dissolution of the monasteries, the manor included the former monastery of which historic site in Norton, Runcorn, Cheshire, England, comprising the remains of an abbey complex dating from the 12th to 16th centuries, and an 18th-century country house; it is now a museum?
Norton Priory
Riann Steele is an English actress, she has also appeared as who, a therapist, in the Channel 4/Netflix comedy series "Lovesick"?
Cleo
What group, that spent 27 weeks at the top of the UK albums chart in 1967, featured Albert Stubbins on the cover of their album?
The Beatles
Dom & Roland is the alias of British drum and bass producer Dominic Angas and has released records on several labels including 31 Records, Prototype, and Renegade Hardware, and has collaborated with many people including Amon Tobin, who has released how many major studio albums under the London-based Ninja Tune record label?
seven
Rebecca Gayheart starred in the 1998 American slasher film directed by whom?
Jamie Blanks
In what year was the person who voiced the mother in Samuel Beckett's Footfalls born?
1914
John George Saunders was a professional footballer who played for a club nicknamed what?
the Tykes
The singer of "The Heart of Dixie" won a competition based on what original show?
The Voice of Holland
Which airport, Yeager Airport or St. George Regional Airport,  is a public airport three miles (6 km) east of downtown Charleston, West Virginia?
Yeager Airport
Who was born first out of Gregg Araki and Abiola Abrams?
Gregg Araki
The person for whom The 1984 Orange Bowl was the last game for was born on what date?
March 16, 1934
What year was the Hong Kong singer and actor who starred in "No Risk, No Gain" born?
1950
Delmon Damarcus Young (born September 14, 1985) is an American former professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter, He is the younger brother of which former major league outfielder and first baseman, born on October 11, 1973?
Dmitri Dell Young
Which is a novelist, Neil Simon or Erica Jong?
Erica Jong
American actor Blair Redford was succeeded in the role of Scotty Grainger on "The Young and the Restless" by what actor?
Daniel Hall
What is the Hanja name for the 2009 film which Ha Jung-woo played a role in?
國家代表
John Foxe (1516/17 – 18 April 1587) was an English historian and martyrologist, the author of "Actes and Monuments", an account of Christian martyrs throughout Western history but emphasizing the sufferings of English Protestants and proto-Protestants from the fourteenth century through the reign of which Queen of England and Ireland from July 1553 until her death?
Mary I
What Daou band member created a website who's slogan is "media for the 65.8 million"?
Peter Daou
Albert Speer included the titular character played by the English actor who had worked extensively with what two companies?
Royal Shakespeare Company and National Theatre
Are "Alt-J" and "Scarling." both English bands?
no
Seth Savoy and Frank Henenlotter, have which mutual occupations?
film director and screenwriter
What nationality of postage stamp features an actor from the movie Mystery 6?
Chinese postage stamps
Which city or town, Chattanooga or Lawton, is the county seat of Comanche County, in the State of Oklahoma?
Lawton
WTMA (branded as News Talk 1250 WTMA) is an AM radio station licensed to Charleston, South Carolina with a Talk radio format, it includes which nationally syndicated talk show, Michael Savage, is an American radio host, author, activist, nutritionist, and conservative political commentator, host of which nationally syndicated talk show?
The Savage Nation
Are Rod Lurie and Lucien Bourjeily both directors? Yes
yes
Where was the 2011 NFL Draft held when Ryan Kerrigan was drafted to the Redskins in the first round?
Radio City Music Hall
This 2012 epic musical drama film is a venture produced by Working Title Films and a British theatrical producer whose hight of success was in what year?
1990
What is the name of the road, which can be traced to the Iron Age, and is located in southern and eastern England, running from Norfolk to Wiltshire?
The Icknield Way
Which of the bluegrass duo of The Stanley Brothers lived between August 27, 1925 – December 1, 1966?
Carter Stanley
Hot Feet is a jukebox musical featuring the music of Earth, Wind & Fire, a book by Heru Ptah and was conceived, directed, and choreographed by Maurice Hines, the brother of what dancer?
Gregory Hines
On what date did the man who recorded the only charting version of "Right in the Palom of Your Hand" die?
March 31, 2011
Pete Herrman coached this NBA player nicknamed  "The Admiral"?
David Robinson
Reshawn "Bam Bam" Davis, is a professional bodyguard, but is best known for his role on MTV's "Rob & Big", which followed him and his co-star/best friend Christopher Boykin, was an American television personality and musician best known for his role on MTV's "Rob & Big", which followed him and his co-star, which skateboarder?
Rob Dyrdek
What company did the Mayor of the City of Buffalo who made beer with low alcohol content or no alcohol,  become the foreman of?
Pullman Palace Car Company
Which was created first, Jenůfa or Dafne?
Dafne
Zach Galifianakis starred in which 2010 comedy film directed by Todd Phillips?
Due Date
A former bay that has made 2 independent islands become 1 is caleed what?
Seac Pai Bay has been reclaimed from the sea as part of Cotai.
"Teletubbies say "Eh-oh!" is a single which contains a nursery rhyme that has been used in literature and popular culture as what?
a metaphor and allusion
Who was born earlier, Franz Viehböck or Jean-François Clervoy?
Jean-François André Clervoy
Mario Gómez was teammates with a Spanish footballer that plays what two positions and had the 2nd highest transfer fee in the Bundesliga?
defensive midfielder or a central defender.
What city does the college football team Victor DeGrate played for play their home games?
Stillwater, Oklahoma
What documentary centers on the journey of blind American singer Paul Pena to the isolated Russian Republic of Tuva,  American Harmony or Genghis Blues?
Genghis Blues
What act was brought about in 1978, and followed by the founding of Air California?
Airline Deregulation Act
Leaves of Grass was what kind of film that was written by Tim Blake Nelson?
comedy-drama
In which state is this ranch located where Old Sorrel was its foundation linebreeding program for Quarter Horses?
South Texas
Are Pokhara University and Cape Peninsula University of Technology located in the same country?
no
What year did Sarah Michelle Gellar play Kathryn Merteuil?
1999
When was the man with which Jim Matthews was a running mate  for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania born?
March 7, 1952
Which drink required fewer ingredients to make at a bar, a shot of Amaretto or a glass of Orange Tundra?
Amaretto
N. C. Sen Gupta was the eleventh Governor of a banking institution that commenced iperations on what date?
1 April 1935
Which mountain is connected to Mount Everest, the Changtse or the Molamenqing?
Changtse
The 2014 Summer Youth Games took place in Nanjing, capital of which east China province?
Jiangsu
Who is a guest rapper in the song "Frankie Sinatra" and whose debut studio album was named "The Hybrid"?
Danny Brown
What is the name of this Argentine former footballer, who played with Internazionale Milano and made a single goal in the 2010 Coppa Italia Final?
Diego Milito
What do Jimi Goodwin and Dallas Green have in common?
musician
What country is located the intergovernmental organization of which Sir Gerald Gray Fitzmaurice  was a member?
Netherlands
What year did the general of the corps based at Oflag II-D in the late 1930s die? 
1954
Which rock band was formed earlier, James or The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus?
James
Which author who appeared in the movie "The Foreigner" holds multiple citizenships?
Steven Seagal
When was the English pop singer who performed "When There's No You" born? 
2 May 1936
Which of the Donald Franklin Stewart directed museum was built in 1854?
USS Constellation
What city, located near the Israeli settlement of Vered Yeriho, is one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world?
Jericho
What job do the writer of Lace Up and Waka Flocka Flame have in common?
American rapper
What Washington county is the home port of Patrol Squadron One in?
Island County
Have both of these novelists, Booth Tarkington and Sarah Waters, won Pulitzer Prizes for Fiction?
no
Orange Order was founded by whom?
Irish Republicans
What star of "Piece of My Heart" was born 24 March 1990?
Keisha Castle-Hughes
Doublehead fought in the war in the Old Southwest from 1776 to 1795 that was also known as what?
Chickamauga Wars
Which Australian Electoral Division in South Australia is home to a suburb that is  located in the City of Marion?
The Division of Hindmarsh
What types of flights does Austrian Air Services operate on behalf of the flag carrier of Austria?
domestic and regional flights
To which taxonomical category do both Hyacinthoides and Bauhinia belong?
genus
In what month was the man who proposed the Volcker Rule born?
September
Which is published more frequently, New! or Claudia?
New!
When was Thomas Eagleton's running mate born?
July 19, 1922
When was the singer who released Smokin' O.P.'s born?
May 6, 1945
The tune of "O Sanctissima" has been notably reused in the first half of a American civil rights anthem that is most commonly attributed as having descended lyrically from what hymn?
I'll Overcome Some Day
What is the most recent team of the younger brother of a player who won the Stanley Cup with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006?
Edinburgh Capitals
What is the birth date of the person who gave Roominate an investment along with Mark Cuban during the sixth season of "Shark Tank"? 
December 9, 1969
Kim Hwan-hee is an actress in a film directed by who?
Na Hong-jin
The head office of Stagecoach Merseyside & South Lancashire was formed following a merger containing the regional bus operator based in which Northwest England town?
Preston
Tritrichomonas is a genus of single celled flagellated parasitic excavates, some of whose species are known to be pathogens of the bovine reproductive tract as well as the intestinal tract of felines, which biological family has a lineage of carnivorans that includes the cats?
Felidae
The CSS Bombshell was a steamer on the second largest canal, which was completed in what year?
1825
"This Time" is a song by American hardstyle producer Kayzo, released on March 24, 2017, by which Canadian record label, an independent record label based in Vancouver, British Columbia? 
Monstercat
Which documentary was created in India, Veena Vaadanam or Über Goober?
Veena Vaadanam
Where does the motorway end that runs south of Preston through the junction of M6 and another North West England motorway?
Colne
Which singer is known for their single "Beautiful" featuring the South Korean rapper Zico?
Park Bo-ram
Who was the film director of a film starring an Indian film actress and model who appears in Tamil films?
Jayendra
What date was the draft, in which Nemanja Dangubić was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers, held? 
June 26, 2014
Speaker for the Dead is a 1986 science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to a novel that came out in which year ?
1985
The championship winning 1994–95 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team won the first title since the retirement of which headcoach nicknamed Wizard of Westwood? 
John Robert Wooden
What occupation is shared by David McWane and Paul Di'Anno?
singer
Beacon Global Strategies LLC was founded in party by an American political consultant who joined the Department of State as a Senior Advisor to who?
Hillary Clinton
Which English actor, producer, and musical performer won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Newcomer in a Play for his role in "Cymbeline" and performed in "The Children's Monologues"?
Tom Hiddleston
Which English actor, voice actor, comedian, and singer appeared in The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1975) and "The Shadow" (1994)?
Tim Curry
Who directed a 1995 film starring a man born 15 August 1962 as Srinivasa Sarja?
C. Sivakumar
Who is the producer of the American children's television series for which Carlo Alban is best known as "Carlo"?
Sesame Workshop
What is the full name of the person who made the remix of the song "The Longest Road" by Morgan Wolf Page that was nominated for best remix in 2009?
Joel Thomas Zimmerman
Which mathematician, Boris Trakhtenbrot or Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov, was born first?
Boris (Boaz) Avraamovich Trakhtenbrot
What is the pseudonym of the Norwegian-born actress who starred in Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber?
Lina Teal
Rapper Richard Blackwood stars as Vincent Hubbard on a soap opera for what British network?
BBC One
What former Chechen independence member's birthday was the same day as the Grozny bombing?
Ramzan Kadyrov
What Dutch professional footballer thrashed Bremen 4-0?
Arjen Robben
Jay Kahn is a Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate, what is a county that is located in the 10th district?
Cheshire County
How many children does this novel by Stephen King center around that along with "Insomnia" and "Dreamcatcher" takes place in a fictional town Derry, Maine?
seven
Jane Smiley and Connie May Fowler, have which occupation in common?
novelist
What Taylor Swift Album Features the song Bad Blood and was released on October 27th 2014?
1989
In the film Blue Moon, what is the name of the Italian became the new manager?
Roberto Mancini
The 2009 FedEx BCS National Championship game was played between the Oklahoma Sooners and which other team?
Florida Gators
Are Ratatat and Pendragon both from the United States?
no
The story of the first American woman to complete a triple axel jump in competition was parodied in a 1994 film starring whom?
Julie Brown
Where did the player who's nickname is Kaep play college football?
University of Nevada
Was the film "Home on the Range" released before the comic book "Ruse"?
yes
General Friedrich Kühn, was a General der Panzertruppe in which was the unified armed forces of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1946?
Wehrmacht
 Richard Green was referee for several major bouts including which American professional boxer and activist? 
Muhammad Ali
In the Snow Queen, what is the name of Chelsea Hobbs' rival's friend?
Kai
Who was the first governor of the eighth least populous U.S. state?
Nicholas Cooke
Are Danny Shirley and Dan Swanö both from the same country?
no
What was the birthplace of the Australian rapper who appeared on Million Dollar Arm (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)?
Sydney
Who starred in the 1986 American drama film Quicksilver and created the cartoon series "Life with Louie?"
Louie Anderson
From 1945-1949 Dick Humbert played for an NFL team based in what state?
Pennsylvania
What is the real name of the Australian artist that released the song "On Top"?
Harley Edward Streten
What type of wood was the boat made out of that was to be built on RMS "Queen Mary" occupied land in Long Beach, California?
birch
The director of "The Office" episode "Test the Store" worked as an executive producer for what series?
"King of the Hill"
Vector Training was first used in training for a marathon that takes place in what English city?
Lincolnshire
What game, which saw France defeat Italy 2-1, ended a tournament knockout stage that began 24 June 2000? 
The UEFA Euro 2000 Final
When will Antonio Aakeel apear in a movie directed by Roar Ulthaug?
2018
Are the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal and the Folsom South Canal in the same state?
no
Which show played on Velocity Channel HD, Auto Trader or Wheeler Dealers?
Wheeler Dealers
Who directed the 1997 film where Eve Gordon starred opposite Rick Moranis?
Dean Cundey
Where was the draft held in which Chukwudiebere Maduabum was drafted?
Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey
Day One starring David Strathairn as Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer is a docu-drama movie about what research and development of the atomic bomb during WWII?
The Manhattan Project
In what year was Toni Nadal's younger brother born?
1966
Great Minquas Path was a trade route starting from a river which is how long?
464 mi long
What nationality are both Monte Hellman and Stephen Sommers?
American
Was Metro 2033 released in 2013?
It was released in 2010
Which genus contains more species, Daboecia or Geranium?
Geranium
 The Montauk Association Historic District was designed within a site plan by an American landscape architect famous for co-designing Golden Gate park located where? 
San Francisco
From which 19th centurey acts does Tennesee State University receive benefits?
Morrill Acts
2-year-old Paul Flatley of Northwestern University was named the NFL's Rookie of the Year by what press organization?
Associated Press
Who has the highest number of skill in film production in  Edgar G. Ulmer or  Emile Ardolino: 
Emile Ardolino
The 1948 Maine gubernatorial election took place on September 13, 1948, which American businessman and Republican businessman, and mayor of Augusta, faced off against Democratic challenger Louis B. Lausier, defeating him in a landslide?
Frederick George Payne
What network does a reality television show run on that one time featured the singer of the song "My Neck, My Back (Lick It)?"
BET
Whitney MacMillan was the CEO of which privately held global corporation based in Minnetonka, Minnesota?
Cargill
 The Temple Lot is located in a county that as of 2010 had a population of what?
674,158
David King Dunaway is Professor of English at the University of New Mexico, he is a national radio producer/podcaster, biographer, and an international expert in American studies specializing in oral history, folk music, and U.S. Route 66, also known as the Will Rogers Highway, the Main Street of America or the Mother Road, was one of the original highways within the U.S. Highway System, US 66 was established on which date?
November 11, 1926
Which exhiled Russian businessman acquired a Russian owned oil and gas company based in Moscow, Russia?
Mikhail Borisovich Khodorkovsky
In what year was the clown who, together with Vladimir Olshansky, founded the clown theatre comany Litsedei born? 
1950
Who has more scope of profession, Paul Czinner or Benjamin T. Orifici?
Benjamin T. Orifici
The American industrialist and a founder of Standard Oil had a hotel built in St. Augustine, Florida by what architecture firm?
Carrère & Hastings
Sir Winston Churchill is a family member to what Countess of Derby born in 1559?
Alice Spencer
"Started with a Song" surpassed a record set by what song that was released as the lead single from "Red" 
We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together
he Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse team represents Loyola University Maryland, a Roman Catholic, Jesuit private liberal arts university located within the Archdiocese of Baltimore in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, in which country?
United States
What music video ,which made the director a two-time Grammy Award winner, amassed over 740 million views on YouTube?
We Found Love
Edward Zwick made a film based on what play?
Sexual Perversity in Chicago
Which movie out of the "Naked" Hongkong film series starred the actress Maggie Q?
Naked Weapon
What senator, born in 1933, was elected for a third term in the 1988 election? 
Paul Sarbanes
The older brother of Sir James O'Connell is often referred to as what?
The Liberator or The Emancipator
The studio that was known as MGM/UA for a short time released the 83rd one-real animated short on this date?
May 29, 1954
West Coast Relays included participation by the football wide receiver who played for which two teams?
Chicago Bears and Los Angeles Raiders
Niki is scheduled to operate where?
European and North African leisure destinations from Vienna, Salzburg, Graz and Innsbruck
A Momentary Lapse of Reason is an album by a band formed in which city ?
London
"Got to Be Real" has been called one of the defining moments of a type of music that was popular with who?
both men and women
How long is the island where one school of the Kyūshū Collegiate American Football Association is located?
approximately 70 miles long
Did Mark Pellington and Detlev Buck both worked as film directors?
yes
The 2012 Military Bowl presented by Northrop Grumman, an American global aerospace and defense technology company formed by Northrop's purchase of Grumman, in which year?
1994
Which is the famous 1935 novel by Enid Bagnold, Miracle Legion or National Velvet?
National Velvet
Who is the mother of the Romance Writers of America's first president?
Rita Gallagher
What company developed the Kestrel engine?
SpaceX
Who directed one of the film in which Steve Buscemi appeared? 
Joel and Ethan Coen
Jeni Mundy Freng is Director, Products and Innovations at which British multinational telecommunications company?
Vodafone Group plc
Which American visual effects supervisor at Industrial Light and Magic is the original creators of Adobe Photoshop?
John Knoll
Which large auto show featured the Buick Centieme in 2003?
North American International Auto Show
Port Chicago disaster occurred in this town in what county of California?
Contra Costa County
What countries do Jean-Loup Chrétien and Frank De Winne represent?
Chrétien was the first Frenchman and the first western European in space.
Disconnection is a tenet in the belief system started by what author?
L. Ron Hubbard
Who edits the journal that Robert K. C. Forman is co-editor of?
Professor Valerie Gray Hardcastle
Jordan Rodrigues plays Mat Tan in a tv series created by what two people?
Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg
Which of the following Canadian gold mines was operated by Royal Oak Mines from 1998-1999: Kemess Mine or Bralorne?
Kemess Mine
What band, who recorded a majority of their songs from 1962 - 1970, had twenty #1 hits and 217 songs?
The Beatles
What 1990's girl group was Australia's Got Talent fourth season judge Geri Halliwell a member of?
Spice Girls
What 1980 romantic drama directed by Jeannot Szarc was also known as Bid Time Return?
Somewhere in Time
What type of collection is the American poet Albert Flynn DeSilver known for?
memoir
Who co-starred in the movie, The ESP Couple, with the successful actor from "Descendants of the Sun" series? 
Park Bo-young
1931–32 Boston Bruins season, in the course of playing a 0–0 tie against the New York Americans on 3 January 1932, the Bruins shot the puck the length of the ice 87 times to relieve pressure on their goal, to stop this becoming a regular tactic, which rule, an infraction in the sport of ice hockey, was introduced into the NHL later in the decade? 
Icing
In what year was Alice Walton's brother born?
1944
What is the meaning of the latin name of the constellation that includes 45 Aquilae?
eagle
James Bertram has played guitar, bass, and keyboards with an American indie rock band who has released how many full-length albums?
eight
Who did American film composer Richard Gibbs play alongside in the band Zuma II?
Michael Jochum
What freemium mobile strategy video game released on the iOS platforms on August 2, 2012 generated revenue of $2.4 million a day in 2013 when paired with the game Hay Day?
Clash of Clans
Clayton is located in which physiographic province of the larger Appalachian Mountains range
Blue Ridge Mountains
What American actor and musician was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and who also starred in the American biography crime thriller The Iceman?
Michael Shannon
K. Maneesha previously partnered in doubles badminton with the player who won which medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
silver
The Rise and Fall of ECW is a direct-to-video documentary, released in what year, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, the documentary features interviews with various performers who worked in the promotion including co-founder and former owner Paul Heyman as well as the performer Tazz, an American radio presenter, former color commentator and professional wrestler?
2004
Neil B. Shulman is the associate producer of a film directed by which director ?
Michael Caton-Jones
Rose Leclercq created the role of Lady Bracknell in a play that was first performed on February 14, 1895, at what London theater?
St James's Theatre
Strange Cargo starred what American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl?
Joan Crawford
What branch of biology is Martien Kas an associate professor for?
Neuroscience
What was the first ship that AquaDuck was constructed
Disney Dream
What German-Dutch spectacle-maker associated with Jacob Metius is associated with the invention of the telescope?
Hans Lippershey
What show was presented by Charlie Brooker's wife in 2010? 
The Xtra Factor
What is the name of the Los Angeles-based production company that produced a film based on the novel by André Aciman? 
Water's End Productions
Mi México is an album by a singer who recorded her first song at 21 titled what?
Compréndeme
Francisco 'Paco' Antonio Candela Pascual plays his home games in which stadium ?
Estadio Fernando Torres
Who directed a 1943 mystery filmed that starred "The Body"?
George Sherman
Are La Quinceañera and Unmistaken Child both documentaries?
yes
What country does A1081 road and London Colney have in common?
England
Are both Hana Mandlíková and Jelena Janković originally from Eastern Europe?
yes
On September 12, 1958, Mark Shepherd witnessed the demonstration of the integrated circuit by Jack Kilby and what other individual?
Robert Noyce
What band was Robert Young a member of when Godspeed You! Black Emperor released their debut album?
Primal Scream
Who was the original artist of the song covered in Glen Campbell's 1967 video?
Johnny Rivers
Does Eppley Airfield or Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International Airport serve more passengers?
Eppley Airfield
What are the names of the brothers who form the band behind the Flick of the Switch/Monsters of Rock Tour?
Malcolm and Angus Young
Michele Ferrero created a spread that was first introduced in what year?
1965
Gary Kurtz was a producer on the 1973 coming-of-age film directed and co-written by whom?
George Lucas
What university did the team which was coached by the 2001-2006 head coach for the University of Miami, represent at the San Antonio 2011 NCAA division?
University of Texas
My Brother the Serial Killer is a 2012 American television documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers, otherwise known as the "Casanova Killer", who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons, it received widespread media attention for Clay's claims that his brother was responsible for the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Lyle Goldman, The O. J. Simpson murder case, was a criminal trial held at the Los Angeles County Superior Court in which former National Football League (NFL) player, broadcaster, and actor Orenthal James "O. J." Simpson was tried on two counts of murder for the deaths on which date?
June 12, 1994
What highway otherwise known as CR 85  and meets up with County Road 97 in Bayport? 
Montauk Highway
In what year was the album released that had That Ol' Wind as the sixth single?
1995
Which Shakespeare play that is believed to have been written in 1610-11 did Yvette Lu hold a major role in?
The Tempest
Garvin Cross had a role in the 1995 film that was created near what Canadian city?
Vancouver
The Betrayed starred what Australian-American actress
Melissa George
National Guild of Hypnotists is headquartered in a city named in 2013 as the 23rd best place to live by what magazine?
CNN Money Magazine
Who directed the third single from Taylor Swift's album "Taylor Swift"? 
Trey Fanjoy
Which ship was built in the US for the United Kingdom's naval warfare force?
HMS "Justice" (W-140)
Which record company released a Megadeath song which contains instructions for hexes?
Capitol Records
What movie received 3 Awards at the event held at the Golden Tulip Hotel?
Sinking Sands
Who received more Academy Award nominations Atom Egoyan or Enrique Carreras?
Atom Egoyan
Who is the wife of the elder son of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko?
Masako, Crown Princess of Japan
The Stonemason is a play by a writer who written how many novels?
ten
Are Sembene! and Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer both documentaries?
yes
What friends star's wedding was photographed by Robert Evans?
Jennifer Aniston
Jason Maurice Capel, who was Jeff Capel III's brother, was the 15th head coach of what basketball team?
Appalachian State Mountaineers men's basketball team
What does the Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery's attire influence?
the architecture, food, music, and overall 'feel' of the restaurant
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup Group B included this national soccer team, a member of the Asian Football Confederation, which is nicknamed what?
the Socceroos
Which is a propaganda film, Triumph of the Will or Food, Inc.?
Triumph of the Will
Front man of Blutory, Jung Yong-hwa, was cast in what South Korean television series for 16 episodes? 
You're Beautiful
What drop tower ride is in the amusement park located in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania?
Pitt Fall
The Synthesis Tour is a concert tour by American rock band Evanescence, in support of their fourth album Synthesis, and will be the first tour where the band includes what?
orchestra
Kanichee Mine and Catcha Lake are both located in what country?
Canada
Famous Food awarded a partnership to which Real Housewives of New Jersey cast member?
Danielle Staub
What is the real name of the composer of the music for "Patanga"?
Ramchandra Narhar Chitalkar
What province did the author of "Peaceful Measures: Canada’s Way Out of the War on Drugs" conduct experiments into drug addiction?
British Columbia
In which year was this Nazi Party paramilitary rank created that Emil Ketterer belonged?
1932
Which university, University of Dayton or Xinjiang University, is one of three Marianist universities in the nation and the second-largest private university in Ohio?
The University of Dayton
Yakshini are mythical beings of Hindu, Buddhist, and Jainism, which is traditionally known as what?
Jain Dharma
What fashion house that originally supplied Nazi Party uniforms was Morten Andersen a model for?
Hugo Boss
Which band has more members, Haim or Hundred Reasons?
Hundred Reasons
Who was the director of the 2015 French-Belgian drama-thriller film in which Matthias Schoenaerts portrayed an ex-soldier suffering from PTSD?
Alice Winocour
The Panty Raiders – Leba Haber Rubinoff and Katie Marsh – are two women who created a website purporting to sell "Forget-me-not Panties" in 2005, their work was picked up by Fark, the "College Humor" blog, Fark is a community website created by who?
Drew Curtis
Who operates the venue that hosted the 2014 Evolution Championship Series?
Navegante Group
Which mall in Falls Church, Virginia hosted major chain tenants such as Dress Barn and B. Dalton department store?
Skyline Mall
The polymath who described the Rufus snake-eel in 1810 was self-educated in what country?
France
Which board game was published first, Mexica or RoboRally?
RoboRally
Who opened the scoring in the 10th minute in the fourth time the European Cup final was held at the Stadio Olimico?
Samuel Eto'o
During the Ram Barat, what is the custom for the bridegroom to travel on to the wedding venue?
it is customary for the bridegroom to travel to the wedding venue (often the bride's house) on a mare
What was the name of the mother of Henry II's second cousin, whose death made Henry King of Germany?
Theophanu
Cate Shortland and Lynn Reynolds were both what?
director
What was the previous name of the professional wrestling promotion for which Ángel Azteca Jr currently works?
Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre
The Sceptical Chymist: or Chymico-Physical Doubts & Paradoxes is the title of a book, by which Anglo-Irish chemist?
Robert Boyle
Bayern Munich signed a Croatian forward, born in 1986, that played for what team? 
Juventus
The Kronverk, is a ground fortification for the Sts. Peter and Paul Fortress in Saint Petersburg, in which country?
Russia
When was the corporation that released the music album "Shine" by Joni Mitchell founded?
1971
What year was the University that Judith F. Kroll teaches at founded?
1907
Who is the Trinidadian-American singer/songwriter had Tamara Savage written songs for?
Heather Headley
What year was was the film 1911 released, featuring Winston Chao?
2011
Race to Space is set in a Florida cape discovered by what Spaniard in 1513?
Juan Ponce de León
What did Walt Disney do for the American animation industry that Joyce Wieland didn't?
A pioneer of the American animation industry, he introduced several developments in the production of cartoons
The author of the 2009 novel "Fame" is noted for his best work titled what?
"Die Vermessung der Welt" (translated into English by Carol Brown Janeway as "Measuring the World", 2006)
Gene Freeman is a music producer and engineer who has worked with an American rock band that has released eleven what?
studio albums
In which continent was the predecessor to INSPIRE-HEP created?
North America
Where was the region at which Guillaume Plessis was born located? 
island's northernmost point
What retired player does Rickie Lambert's game most resemble?
Matt Le Tissier
What is the name of this American television host, comedian, television producer and a former member of "The Harvard Lampoon" on whose show Morrissey and Solomon Walker appeared?
Conan O'Brien
The 39 mi long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in North West England and forms the boundary between Manchester and Salford meats what other river at Waterfoot, Lancashire?
River Whitewell
The hotel and casino where "Las Vegas Gambit" was recorded offers how many rooms?
1,467
Which band originated from New York, Joywave or Alien Ant Farm?
Joywave
What was the profession of both Sergei Prokofiev and Philip Glass?
composer
Bear Paw Ski Bowl is a small ski area which draws visitors primarily from Havre, Montana and the nearby Rocky Boys Indian Reservation located on which federally recognized tribe on the Rocky Boy Reservation in Montana who are descendants of Cree who migrated south from Canada and Chippewa (Ojibwe) who moved west from the Turtle Mountains in North Dakota in the late nineteenth century?
Chippewa-Cree
What artist released "The First Time" in 2015 and has worked with Roman White?
Kelsea Ballerini
What music piece was composed by a Russian composer and pianist?
String Quartet No. 12
"Rockstar" is a song by American rapper Post Malone, the track features a guest verse from Shayaa Bin Abraham-Joseph, better known by his stage name 21 Savage, is an American rapper from Atlanta,in which state?
Georgia
Who was nominated for a Golden Globe and starred with his father in a film called  "A Boy Called Hate?
Scott Andrew Caan
Which feature filmmaker is known for directing the "Rush Hour" film series, Matt Brookens or Brett Ratner?
Brett Ratner
The deputy commander of what was one of the main figures in the 2007 Zimbabwean coup d'état attempt, involving almost 400 soldiers and high-ranking members of the military that would have occurred on June 2 or June 15, 2007?
Air Force of Zimbabwe
Which city in the U.S. state of Michigan is Brown Stadium located 
Battle Creek
Are both Beth Gibbons and Trace Cyrus from the same country?
no
Colby J. Cooper, is the Chief Operating Officer of the Hix Snedeker Companies, a national-level commercial real estate development firm, he served as Chief of Staff to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, an American political scientist and diplomat, at the Hoover Institution, at which location?
Stanford University
Lokis Adoptive brother is god of what?
thunder
 Neila Sathyalingam was an alumna of Kalakshetra in Madras under the tutelage of Srimathi an Indian theosophist and choreographer of what Indian classical dance form?
Bharatanatyam
Who held the WBA (Regular) super featherweight title from 2016 to 2017 after defeating  a Dominican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division and a one-time WBA (Regular) Super Featherweight Champion?
Jason Sosa
Who directed the film Samuel Sim scored for The Weinstein Company?
Joby Harold
What song was the final recording of the wife of the lead guitarist for the Tejano band Selena y Los Dinos?
"Puede Ser"
What country are the two subjects originally from?
India
What year did the hotel Emil Cohen frequently performed at close?
1986
Who wrote the screenplay for the 2003 original movie in which 2005 Indian film 'Khamoshh... Khauff Ki Raat' was based?
Michael Cooney
Ettalong Beach, New South Wales is a continuation of which suburb within the Central Coast Council area?
Umina Beach
 Shin Bum-chul played as a national team player at a venue that was the site of the first what 49 years earlier?
atomic bomb attack
Are both BOTH Zamia and Strobilanthes plant genus' from Africa?
no
What country did Arnór Guðjohnsen and Eiður Guðjohnsen play football for
Iceland
Glory is the debut extended play (EP) by an Australian rapper born in what city?
Sydney
What is the nickname of the legendary Bruins coach? 
"Wizard of Westwood,"
What company based in Michigan did Richard Marvin's father co-create?
Amway
What was the population in 2000 for the region of Kansas that includes Greenwood County?
180,815
Ernie Andres was born in a city that is the capital of which county?
Clark
Glenn Slater received his 3rd Tony nomination for School of Rock at the ceremony that temporarily returned to what theatre?
Beacon Theatre
Where are the headquarters of a British multinational food processing and retailing company, who's brands include a brand of milk flavoring product made with malt extract?
London, United Kingdom
Fleurieu zone extends as far north as a suburb in what South Australian city?
Onkaparinga
Poitevin and Moscow Water Dog, are breeds of what?
dog
Are Walt Aldridge and Gary Hughes both singers?
yes
Which American actor and stunt man starred in both "Predator" and "Fleshburn?"
Sonny Landham
The director of Road to Paloma plays what role on "Stargate Atlantis"?
Ronon Dex
Big Dreamers and This Is Elvis are both what type of film?
documentary film
What is does Groundation and Jamaica have in common?
Rastafari
Who designed the hotel at which Rouvaun appeared as the lead singer in the review Casino De Paris ?
Maxwell Starkman,
Kannan Balakrishnan is an exponent of an instrument that is the primary rhythmic accompaniment in which music ensemble ?
Carnatic music ensemble
Which character did Coy Stewart play in the sitcom that was premiered on nickelodeon on January 17 2015 starring Brec Bassinger, Coy Stewart, Jackie Radinsky, Buddy Handleson, Lilimar, Haley Tju, and Rio Mangini?
Troy
Which film starred Anne Hathaway,  Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day or The Princess Diaries?
The Princess Diaries
What is the nationality of the designer of the set for Chronicle?
Japanese American
which university is private, Istanbul University (Turkish: "İstanbul Üniversitesi" ) or The Sabancı University Sakıp Sabancı Museum (Turkish: "Sakıp Sabancı Müzesi"?
The Sabancı University Sakıp Sabancı Museum
How many employees does the company that is based in Columbus, OH that also sponsored 27 official money golf tournaments from February 16 to October 28 2012 have?
approximately 31,000 employees
Which Australian actor starred in the film One Eyed Girl?
Tilda Cobham-Hervey
When did the king that Walter D'Aincourt was a landholder under die?
5 January 1066
On what day was Trent Cotchin drafted?
24 November 2007
What other song that was on the 'Billboard Hot 100' appears on the same album as 'Mercy' by Shawn Mendes?
Treat You Better
William George was the head of the Chapter of Lincoln Cathedral which installed Christine Wilson on what date?
22 October 2016
Darshan Kumar appeared in a 2003 movie written by who ?
Bala and Jainendra Jain
In which province is the county where The 43rd Biathlon World Championships were held ?
Gangwon province
Jägerbomb and Daiquiri, are drinks?
yes
Which role did this English actor play in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series, who also who appeared in "Tale of the Mummy"?
James Norrington
Sumitomo Rubber Industries includes the brand that was launched in Japan in what year?
1983
Donker Mag is an album by what African hip hop group?
Die Antwoord
Who is the wife of the American actor who starred in the move Ace High?
Anne Jackson
What committee is chaired by the current New York State Senator from Brooklyn?
Higher Education Committee
What city is the home to Paul Quinn College and sets on the Brazos River between Dallas and Austin?
Waco, Texas
When was the American actor who appeared in The Bushido Blade born  
January 17, 1931
Which film was released first, Transparent or 16 Days in Afghanistan?
Transparent
Where is the electric chair "Old Smokey" which was used to execute the notorious murderer Richard Hauptmann now on display? 
New Jersey State Police Museum
In what national park are the headwaters of Abrams Creek?
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
What was the birth date of the 2010 electee to a Cheshire constituency in the House of Commons?
26 March 1957
Who has also written two novels set in the English Civil War,  Gillian Bradshaw or Arthur Hailey?
Gillian Marucha Bradshaw
What is the area of the region Naradhan is located in?
63262 km2
Sportverein Sandhausen 1916 e.V. owns this stadium.
BWT-Stadion am Hardtwald
At what gymnasium did Tesana Panvisvas win the men's doubles silver with Pramote Teerawiwatana?
Gangseo Gymnasium
What is the technical name for the rodent that lived with Gallotia goliath on the island of Tenerife?
Canariomys bravoi
What profession did the man who announced the oil battle have?
Argentine politician and lawyer
How many square feet are in the building that is the subject of Vegas Stripped?
90000
A bolo punch is to martial arts as a hook is to?
boxing
This drama film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev starred a Russian actor also known for "Bimmer" which was made in what year?
2003
Named for a signer of the Declaration of Independence, the George Walton Academy is a private school in which Georgia town?
Monroe
The Fearless Defenders is centered on a team of female superheroes, led in part by a character that was created by Tony Isabella and who else? 
Arvell Jones
What is the nationality of one of the actors in Son of the Bride?
Argentine
In what year was the band that released the single "Crazy Beat" formed?
1988
When did Rudolf Clausius introduce the second law of thermodynamics?
1850
Suneet Varma, is an eminent Indian fashion designer, he set up a self-named boutique at DLF Emporio, in which year, a high-street shopping mall situated Vasant Kunj, New Delhi?
2009
Which video game released in 1994 was authored by the man who also authored a game which centers on the conventions of mecha anime and science fiction?
Castle Falkenstein
Walking with Monsters and Down and Out in America are both what?
documentary film
 Pohnpeic languages are primarily spoken in a nation that contains how many islands?
607
Who is the drummer for the band whose 10th stuido album is titled "What the World Needs Now..."?
Jim Walker
What is the name of this fantasy novel published by Rex Collins and authored by the same person who wrote Shardik?
Watership Down
Which movie starring Christopher Denham was directed by Ben Affleck in 2012?
Argo
Which historic port is in the far south west of the state of New South Wales and is home of the paddle steamer "Ruby"?
Wentworth, New South Wales
H. Craig Severance, was an American architect who designed a number of well-known buildings in New York City, which of these did he build, that is also known as the Trump Building?
40 Wall Street
When was the soundtrack album released that included vocals from the person who played the role of Pearl Krabs on "SpongeBob SquarePants"?  
April 26, 2005
Which voice artist from The Nightmare Before Christmas voiced "Oogie Boogie"?
Ken Page
What are the school colors of the high school attended by Montell Cozart?  
royal blue and scarlet red
Which broadcast network did the show which stars the person who voices one of the characters in "Rescue Heroes" premier on?
Cartoon Network
Which style of dancing is Thomas Edward 'Tommy" Rall known for?
Acro dance
What is the main church in the town in which Grethe Mathiesen was born?
Kirkenes Church
Viva and Off our backs, are magazines for women?
yes
Mystic Dunes Golf Club is owned by a company headquartered in what city? 
Las Vegas, Nevada
What is the 2015 population of the county where KRFE was located? 
249,042
How many years into the Meiji Era did the Battle of Tabaruzaka take place?
nine
Under which number president did Arthur A. Ballantine become solicitor of the Internal Revenue Service?
31st
The band founded by Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Urie featured Lauren Pritchard in a single called what?
"Miss Jackson"
Which smartphone that was the first to support the emerging LTE Advanced mobile network standard also included S Voice?
The Samsung Galaxy S4
Inteha established the career of what Pakistani film/television actor who is the co-founder of the media production house Six Sigma Entertainment Plus?
Humayun Saeed
Which Nigerian actor and director was born in the capital city of Enugu State in Nigeria?
Sam Loco Efe
What is the name of the palace built near the River Arno in Florence, Italy by the son of Buonaccorso Pitti?
Palazzo Pitti
The coach of the 1996 Oklahoma Sooners football team has also been the defensive line coach for which other team?
Buffalo Bills
The removal and reservations phase (1829-86) was a part of a policy overseen by what council?
National Council on Indian Opportunity
Guitar World and Soaps In Depth, are what type of publications?
magazines
The Last Fighter Pilot documented the last combat mission in WWII, flown by which Air Force pilot?
Jerome "Jerry" Yellin
What american actor played a disc jockey on WKRP in Cincinnati and acted in Mr Chauffeur?
Howard Hesseman
The Munabao Barmer Passenger is a passenger train of which State owned national transporter, responsible for rail transport in India?
Indian Railways
In 1989, which company surpassed the one bought by Kmart in 2005 has an anchor store in the Holly Hill Mall and Business Center as largest retailer?
Walmart
Chuck Wright is an American bassist, graphic designer and show producer, best known as a member of multi-platinum heavy metal band Quiet Riot, he sung background vocals on all the tracks from the hit album, "Metal Health", the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot, and was released on March 11, 1983, released in which year?
1983
The Secretary of the Navy who announced the naming of the 4th US Navy vessel for the state of Iowa also served as governor of what state?
Mississippi
What setting was used in the generic science fiction role-playing game (RPG) based on the "D6 System",  that was derived from  a role-playing game set in the "Star Wars" universe?
generic space opera setting
A Head Full of Ghosts is a horror novel by Paul Tremblay, themes include elements of which term used for the use of exorcism in the Roman Catholic faith for those who are believed to be the victims of demonic possession?
Exorcism in the Catholic Church
What is the population of the county that contains the unincorporated community of Riverside? 
40,212
What award was won by the leader of the 2006-07 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team?
NBA Most Improved Player Award
R. I. Bong Air Force Base was named after the famous aviator who was awared the Medal of Honor in which world war?
World War II
What army division is part of the 9800 acre Pine Plains Military Reservation that's creation was rescinded in 1927?
10th Mountain Division
Ingrid Goes West stars an actor who was once what? 
professional ice hockey player
What is the name of this song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her album "Unapologetic", in which she worked with Anthony Mandler on the music video?
Diamonds
In what county is the city David Graham Baird died in located?
Union County
Which film was produced first, Winnie the Pooh or Alice in Wonderland?
Alice in Wonderland
The Sword and the Rose and Pirates of the Caribbean, have which organization in common?
Walt Disney
What is one other type of plant the Krapfia is related to?
clubmosses
What is the name of the military forces that are headed by the President of the United States and whose development of new technology is led by The Microsystems Technology Office?
United States Armed Forces
Infectia is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by a company aquired by The Walt Disney Company in what year?
2009
Where were the home games for a 2009-10 men's basketball team whose players known as Hoyas are members of a collegiate athletics conference that consisted of as many as 16 universities in the eastern half of the US and are known as the Big East Conference, played?
Verizon Center
Which Swiss city is the home of Villars-Maitre-Chocolatier?
Fribourg
Who is the writer of the novel based on which Lasse Hallström directed a movie  in which Lena Maria Jonna Olin appeared?
Joanne Harris
What was the original name of the special forces unit that was the main focus of the movie The Cockleshell Heroes?
Army Special Boat Section
Manlia Scantilla, was a Roman woman who lived in the 2nd century, she was very briefly Roman Empress as wife to which Roman Emperor for nine weeks during 193, the Year of the Five Emperors?
Didius Julianus
Are Ödön von Horváth and Louis-Ferdinand Céline of the same nationality?
no
Which female actress appeared in both Sex and the City and the upcoming American comedy film Drunk Parents?
Bridget Moynahan
Which is a common name for a tree species, Aspen or Clethra? 
Aspen
Henry V is a 1989 British historical drama film starring an an actress known for her portrayals of what?
reticent women
Universal's Volcano Bay Water Theme Park, or Volcano Bay, is a themed water park at Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando, Florida, owned and operated by Universal Parks and Resorts, Volcano Bay replaced which flagship water park of Wet 'n Wild owned by NBC Universal, located on International Drive in Orlando, Florida?
Wet 'n Wild Orlando
200-foot game player Pavel Datsyuk played for what NHL team from 2001 to 2016?
Detroit Red Wings
What amusement park that is privately owned seventeen miles north of Salt Lake City launched a steel roller coaster?
Lagoon
Which Rolling Stones album released first, Exile on Main St or Let It Bleed?
Let It Bleed
Who founded the company that designed a website for one of the highest paid athletes in the world?
Michael Ventura
Secure input and output handling is a type of what, which protects computers from theft or damage?
Computer security
Are the two bands Driver Friendly and Boyce Avenue both American?
yes
 "Cäcilie", Op. 27 No. 2, is the second in a set of four songs composed by a man that died in what year?
1949
Chris Phillips (1956–2007) was a Chief Executive of which life, pensions and investment company located in Edinburgh, Scotland, and is a subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group?
Scottish Widows
What was the school loacted in Lawrence Township, New Jersey attended by Lewis Perry?
Lawrenceville School
Who wrote the stage comedy based on the life of "the world's worst opera singer"?
Peter Quilter
Which rock band has more members, My Bloody Valentine or Grouplove?
Grouplove
Were Willi Forst and William Nigh both actors?
yes
what did the officer that played U.S. Army Major Richard Winters in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" best known for 
for commanding Easy Company
Are the Bull Terrier and the Dutch Smoushond both native to the same country?
no
The Friend and Wired, are which type of publication?
magazine
Which one of the teams that Charles Jones played for entered the league as an expansion team in 1970?
Portland Trail Blazers
Hidden Identity was a series starring the actor who was best known for being in what other series?
Boys Over Flowers
The Silent Valley Reservoir is located in a granite mountain range named after a Gaelic Clann named what ?
Múghdhorna
Who was an Australian singer, Kenny Greene or Dave Evans?
Dave Evans
Jet by Day is a band from what Georgia county?
Clarke
In which Florida county is El Rio del Tiempo located?
Orange County
When was the English actor born who is best known for his roles in a British television sitcom produced by ITV Studios for the BBC, which ran for three series from 1998-2000, and specials from 2006-12?
2 April 1981
When was the church on which the Cleveland Feast of the Assumption Festival is centered founded?
the early 1890s
Who patented the Benz Viktoria?
Karl Friedrich Benz
Which genus has more species, Cyperus or Gentiana?
Cyperus
What was the nationality of the army officer who resigned after an attack by least ten Taliban fighters?
Afghan
In which year did this journalist and former Australian politician featured in the Australian television program "The Cabinet" alongside Craig Emerson resign from parliament?
2012
Who was born first, Sako Shahinian or Serj Tankian?
Serj Tankian
Sigrid Arnoldson is believed by critics to have been the successor to what famous opera singer who was often known as the "Swedish Nightingale"?
Jenny Lind
What is the name of this Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker and is one of the most famous players, along with Roger Milla and Thomas N'Kono?
Samuel Eto'o
Who won the Grand Final of the elite Australian rules football competition by 46 points in the same year that saw Adam Saad nominated for the Rising Star?
Hawthorn
For Heaven's Sake is a comedy written by former Emmy Award winner, Ann Marcus, it stars Skyler Gisondo, an American actor and voice actor known for his roles as who, on "The Bill Engvall Show"?
Bryan Pearson
The Sparks-Shock brawl took place at a defunct multi-purpose arena that is in Auburn Hills, Michigan, and served as the home of what NBA team?
Detroit Pistons
How many goals did the star striker during 1999–2000 Parma A.C. season score throughout his career?
over 300
50 Lekë (50 L) have a value of 50 Albanian lek, the lek is the official currency of Albania, and is subdivided into how many "qindarka" (singular "qindarkë"), although qindarka are no longer issued?
100
Are Jennifer Lee and Izu Ojukwu both award-winning directors?
yes
Lois Smith plays a supporting role in a 2016 American neo-noir action comedy film set in what city?
Los Angeles
Robert Brewer is a former American football player, He played quarterback for the University of Texas Longhorns during the 1981 and 1982 season, The University of Texas at Austin (UT, UT Austin, or Texas) is a public research university, and the flagship institution of which organization?
University of Texas System
Which tennis player achieved a higher world ranking in either singles or doubles, Manuel Orantes or the Czech Lukáš Dlouhý?
Manuel Orantes
What country was Daniel Wansi born in?
Cameroon
What was the population of the town in 2010 where Reynolds Channel ends?
1,219
Chris Godwin played college football in what conference?
Big Ten Conference
Which Nobel Prize winner were the Kilby International Awards named after?
Jack St. Clair Kilby
which English actor, comedian, screenwriter, has Rebecca Ferrand worked alongsid with 
Simon John Pegg
What was the nickname of Avril Coleridge-Taylor's father?
"African Mahler"
At which university did the coach of the 2012 Missouri Tigers football team coach from 1991 to 2000?
University of Toledo
Syed Kalbe Hussain was from the capital of which Indian state?
Uttar Pradesh
Red Flag – Alaska is held at the Air Force Base 26 miles southeast of what Alaska city?
Fairbanks
The Höllental (English translation: Hell's Valley) in the Black Forest is a deep valley - in places like a gorge - in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany, the valley, which is about 9 km long, is located in the southern part of the Southern Black Forest Nature Park about 18 km southeast of which city in Baden-Württemberg, Germany with a population of about 220,000?
Freiburg im Breisgau
Thomas Sleeper is currently the Director of Orchestral Activities and Conductor of a university in which US state ?
Florida
Jason WhiteThe Heisman curse is a term coined to reference a two-part assertion of a negative future for the winning player of the Heisman Trophy, including players like which American former college football quarterback who played for the University of Oklahoma, was recognized as a unanimous All-American, and won the Heisman Trophy in 2003?
Jason White
The 1983 film "Runners" stars Kate Hardie and an actor born in what year?
1939
The first woman executed by the US federal government was defended by an attorney that was jurist from what state?
Maryland
Which film was released first, The Sword and the Rose or Hot Lead and Cold Feet?
The Sword and the Rose
Bald Hill, located in the hamlet of Farmingville, New York, part of the Town of Brookhaven, the highest point on Long Island is Jayne's Hill, in the Town of Huntington at how many ft, it is situated on the Harbor Hill moraine?
401
The 1998 Amstel Gold Race was held in what southernmost Dutch province?
Limburg
Which Presidential Campaign influenced the founding of an American communications consulting firm headquartered in Washington, D.C. ?
Al Gore's 2000 presidential campaign
Which militant radical left-wing organization, founded on the Ann Arbor campus of the University of Michigan, included David Gilbert among its members?
The Weather Underground Organization
During what years did the Republican, in which John Lynch beat in the 2008 New Hampshire gubernatorial election, serve on the New Hampshire House of Representatives?
1995 until 2003
Macheng and Anda, Heilongjiang are both cities in which country?
People's Republic of China
Do both Pelle Almqvist and Chester Bennington sing and write songs?
yes
Which can be used to season food, Bothriochloa or Dill?
Dill
The most winning coach in the history of the Toledo Rockets football team won a Mid-American Conference championship in what year?
1995
Tangqi is famous for what fruit that is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae?
loquat
Both Chester Bennington and Nick Hexum, vocalist of 311, have played in what type of band?
rock band
Of the two English musicians, Baz Warne or Dave Wakeling, who was born first?
David Wakeling
Which star of Cat Run 2 was born on December 7?
Dan Brandon Bilzerian
Which of the 140 historical royal ceremonial objects known as The Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom is known as the Sword of Mercy? 
Curtana
What is the nationality of the artist who did "Last to Go"?
Australian
The West Amesbury Branch Railroad, was a railroad that once led form Newton Junction, New Hampshire to Merrimac, Massachusetts, the Downeaster is a 145 mi regional passenger train service, managed by the Northern New England Passenger Rail Authority (NNEPRA, created by the State of Maine), and operated by which organization?
Amtrak
What Greek composer featured their work on the Vanessa-Mae album entitled Choreography?
Vangelis
Which of the people interviewed in This Old Cub was an American football linebacker in the National Football League?
Doug Buffone
Who released more EPs, Godsmack or Sloan?
Sloan
Maziar Bahari, is an Iranian Canadian journalist, film maker and human rights activist, his memoir is the basis for Jon Stewart's film "Rosewater", released in which year?
2014
Who sometimes known under the pseudonym "Designer X",  Callie Thorne or Greg Costikyan ?
Greg Costikyan
"Forbidden Archeology" is a book written by a researcher born in which year ?
1948
In what year was the author of Killing Reagan: The Violent Assault That Changed a Presidency born?
1949
Who wrote and directed the 1998 British crime comedy film which starred Matthew Vaughn?
Guy Ritchie
The Siege of Pskov took place during the final stage of a war that fought for control of what area?
Old Livonia
Blood Mountain is the highest peak on the Georgia section of a marked hiking trail in the Eastern United States that is about how many miles long?
2,200
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, is a 2017 English-language French 3D science fiction adventure film written and directed by Luc Besson, it stars Kris Wu, a Chinese-born Canadian actor, singer, and model, and former member of which South Korean-Chinese boy band?
EXO
Which macroregion was Óscar Suárez born in?
Bajío.
Fame was a song partially written by the singer and activist of what nationality?
English
Are  Matt Reeves and Farrelly brothers both producers?
no
Which politician from the United States Senate election in Georgia, 2008 was a previous U.S. representative?
Saxby Chambliss
Are the bands LCD Soundsystem and Against the Current based in the same New York cities?
no
What was the actor Keith from the show Watch my chops nationality? 
British
What is the role's name in "the godfather" of which the same actor play the new york city police department detective phil Fish in Fish which is the american sitecom and spin-off of "barney miller" that aired on abc?
Salvatore Tessio
Did both Benjamin Christensen and Vinko Brešan work as film directors?
yes
Which teaching hospital where Ann Kiessling worked as an Associate Professor has an annual research budget of more than $630 million?
Brigham and Women's Hospital
Weekend Express stars which anchor/correspondent for HLN?
Lynn Smith
What is the British subsidiary of the American film studio corporation located in Los Angeles?
Wembley Studios
The show that Tony Dovolani was involved in has been renewed for season number what?
twenty six
What sport do the club Odds Ballklubb and the coach Dag-Eilev Akerhaugen Fagermo have in common?
football
What is a book is written by a RITA Award winning and New York Times best-selling author?
The Paradise Bargain
Thurlby, North Kesteven is farther south-west than Witham St Hughs of what city?
Lincoln
The Keeper of Lost Causes, also known as Department Q: The Keeper of Lost Causes, is a 2013 Danish film, directed by who, the movie is based on a novel by Jussi Adler-Olsen?
Mikkel Nørgaard
Which 1947 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams did Cate Blanchett played Blanche DuBois in
A Streetcar Named Desire
In 1983, who was best known for producing A Christmas Story?
Bob Clark
Some Grindelia fraxinipratensis populations are located inside a United States Department of Energy reservation where what type of testing occurred?
Nuclear weapons testing
What was the first single from a major label for an American rock band out of Winter Haven, Florida which split in 2014??
Feel Good Drag"
Which is a herding dog, Finnish Lapphund or American Foxhound?
Finnish Lapphund
Both Osbeckia and Atalaya are what?
genus of plants
The Georgia Gold Rush was the second significant gold rush in the United States and the first in Georgia, and overshadowed the previous rush in North Carolina, it ssoon spread through the North Georgia mountains, following the Georgia what?
Gold Belt
A former lawyer and entrepreneur filed a civil suit against the Clintons for making him pay for what?
Gala Hollywood Farewell Salute to President Clinton
Which genus has more species, Acaena or Crinum?
Crinum
Gunnar Graarud starred in an opera from 1929-1937 known as what in german?
Wiener Staatsoper
Who was the writer of the song "One" which was featured in the album Live?
James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich
Thor: God of Thunder is an action hack and slash video game based on the Marvel Studios film "Thor", it  marks Thor's first standalone appearance in a video game and features the voice of which American actress known for portraying Jessi on the TV series "Kyle XY", born Jaimie Lauren Tarbush, known as who pubically?
Jaimie Alexander
Rusizi National Park is home to what animal holding a nearly-mythical status as a man killer in the region? 
Gustave
The Players is a musical project consisting of a winger for what club?
Tromsø
The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions includes a foreword by the journalist who hosted what television program?
Faith Under Fire
What is the name of the baboon in a show on which Rumen Petkov recently worked as writer, storyboard artist, animation director and director on some episodes?
I.R. Baboon
What is an Italian-American fast casual restaurant chain based out of Lexington, Kentucky, Happy Joe's or Fazoli's ?
Fazoli's
English priest John Hall, is the current Dean of what Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster?
Westminster Abbey
What movie did Amber Heard appear in first,  The River Why or Friday Night Lights?
Friday Night Lights
Which Austrian composer born February 9, 1885 was inspired by Martin Greif?
Alban Berg
What is the birthday of the racer who won both the Junior and Senior races in the 1969 Isle of Man TT?
16 June 1942
What Japanese anime series is inspired by a fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen?
Princess Tutu
Which bluegrass classic by Bill Monroe was covered by Elvis Presley, and also on Alan Jackson's 2013 Bluegrass Album?
Blue Moon of Kentucky
In what court were Missouri v. Holland and Schenck v. United States heard?
the United States Supreme Court
Were Albert Camus and João Guimarães Rosa of the same nationality?
no
What historic hotel located on a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada was Designed by the architect Wayne McAllister?
The Sands Hotel and Casino
Fantastic Frank Strozier is an album which used the rhythm section from part of a famous jazz album which was ranked number 12 by Rolling Stone's greatest albums of all time in what year?
2003
What painter of George Washington and other historical subjects has been called "The Painter of the Revolution"?
John Trumbull
Suzanne Clement and Xavier Dolan are both from Canada and collaborated together in which art house film in 2009?
"I Killed My Mother"
Which American country singer  recorded "15 Minutes of Shame"
Kristy Lee Cook
Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre is home to which mid-priced hotel chain?
Holiday Inn Express
Are Good Housekeeping and Femina both women's magazines?
yes
Operation Grapple helped fix something with the United States, which was used by which notable person in a speech?
Winston Churchill
Since when has a composer who Pedro Javier González García has performed with at festivals been associated with Steven Spielberg?
1974
During what game did Rashard Mendenhall play at The Raymond James Stadium? 
Super Bowl XLIII
When was the last time a Chevrolet car bore the name of the vehicles used to race around Canada in the first season of The Amazing Race Canada?
1968
Which website is run by David Horowitz, the American Conservative writer?
Discover the Networks
Are Cochlospermum and Cosmos in the same family?
no
Between FH Joanneum and Old Dominion University, which institute is larger in terms of the number of enrolled students?
Old Dominion University
What Quartermaster General was involved in Operation Michael?
Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff
The star of the musical adaptation of the 2003 Tim Burton film Big Fish is the winner of how many Tony Awards for Best Actor?
two-time
Which is a band created by Savannah Buist and Katie Larson: Ozma or The Accidentals?
The Accidentals
Super Air Zonk: Rockabilly-Paradise was released in 1993 for which fourth-generation video game console?
TurboDuo
The world's largest airline (measured by fleet size) delivers scheduled airline service to where from East Texas Regional Airport?
Dallas/Fort Worth
What one of special kicked off the sixth season of Robot Chicken?
Robot Chicken DC Comics Special
General Alfred Keller commanded Luftflotte 2 with a general nicknamed what by his troops?
Uncle Albert
Which of these is in Guangzhou, Conghua District or Kuytun?
Conghua District
Where did Juan Atkins and Abdul Qadim Haqq come from?
Detroit
In which region was this type of traditional Chinese dumpling originated, from which Siomay is derived?
Hohhot, Inner Mongolia
What is something associated with Formula 5000
cars
David Lee DeHarport was a photographer and anthropologist primarily known for his photographic work in Colorado's eastern plains region and his archaeological survey work of which location in northeastern Arizona, it is within the boundaries of the Navajo Nation and lies in the Four Corners region, and was established on April 1, 1931 as a unit of the National Park Service?
Canyon de Chelly National Monument
Which professional NFL team did Jeromey Clary play for after he played football for the Kansas State Wildcats?
San Diego Chargers
Prabodh Chandra Bagchi was the 3rd Vice-Chancellor of which public central government funded university located in Santiniketan, West Bengal?
Visva-Bharati University
Were William Nigh and Brian Robbins both American film directors?
yes
Connecticut include two Indian casinos one of which is located along the banks of what river?
Thames River
High School USA!, is an American animated series, produced by Friends Night and Animation Domination High-Def Studios, the series was created and written by Dino Stamatopoulos, creator of which American adult stop-motion animated television show, which originally aired on Adult Swim, from December 13, 2005 to December 18, 2008?
Moral Orel
Are both Before We Forget and Aliens of the Deep a documentary film?
yes
Dave Evans and Dennis Locorriere, have which occupation in common?
musician
What actor who stars in the series Jealousy Incarnate also played in the stage production of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch"?
Jo Jung-suk
Who designed the building hosting England’s national museum of football?
Ian Simpson
Ralph Michael Ineson (born December 15, 1969) is an English actor, he played WiIlliam in which 2015 period supernatural horror film, written and directed by Robert Eggers in his directorial debut?
The Witch
Are Eucalyptus and Cionura both animals genus?
no
Are Pingxiang, Guangxi, and Hunchun located in China?
yes
Which tennis player, Daniel Vacek or Andre Agassi, achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 26 in January 1996?
Daniel Vacek
What city in Australa has a World Heritage Site due to a number of fine quality classical drawings on the walls done by James Walsh?
Fremantle, Western Australia
What is the birth year of the designer and entrepenuer who secured the rights to distribute the video game that was released on June 6, 1984 and programmed by Alexey Pajitnov?
1953
When was the U.S. politician from Oregon born to challenge whom the Oregon Citizens Alliance was founded?
September 11, 1932
For which role did the star of the reality tv show Girl Friday win two BAFTA Awards ?
Patsy Stone
August Bogusch was a part of the group that began as what small guard unit?
Saal-Schutz
Hans Hanson House is located in a city that has a population of how many people ?
641
What singer, born Inga DeCarlo Fung Marchand, performs Come Fly with Me?
Foxy Brown
Agent Provocateur contained the biggest single for Foreigner, released in what month?
November 1984
Honor Oak railway station was built to carry passengers to the plate glass structure in what part of London?
Hyde Park
Where in the world was the Acrocanthosaurus discovered?
Norman, Oklahoma
What Youtube video series contained the music video performed by the person with the stage name of Alphacat?
Epic Rap Battles of History
"Hunger Strike" is a song by a band that formed in which city ?
Seattle
Kappa Sigma (Philippines) is a student fraternity based in The Philippines, which terminology used are social organizations at colleges and universities, for both sexes?
Fraternities and sororities
What is the shortened form of this attribute within a role-playing or video game like MMORPG, which is affected by spells like Corrupted Blood from "World of Warcraft?"
HP
Larry Jeff McMurtry, is an American novelist, essayist, bookseller, and screenwriter whose work is predominantly set in either the old West or in contemporary Texas, McMurtry and cowriter Diana Ossana adapted the screenplay for which 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus?
Brokeback Mountain
Austin Abbott, LL.D. is best remembered as being the government counsel in the trial of a lawyer who passed away in which year ?
1882
What role did eight-time Academy Award nominee have in "A Lie of the Mind?"
Lorraine
The current champion of NBA All-Star Weekend Skills Challenge was drafted in which year?
2015
This host of the 2016 MBC Entertainment awards starred in "Cheese in the Trap".
Lee Sung-kyung
Albert Lee Ueltschi is considered the father of modern flight training and was once personal pilot to Juan Trippe and an associate of which famous person?
Charles Lindbergh
The actress that leads the tv program Spokoynoy nochi, malyshi! appears in a 2010 film directed by who?
Nikita Mikhalkov
Are Tim McIlrath and Scott Weiland of the same nationality?
yes
Mark Duckens first attended which third-largest university in Kansas?
Wichita State University
Christian Nicholas Stadil is a Danish executive and chairman of Hummel International, based in what country?
Denmark
What do Sigmund Jähn and Piers Sellers have in common?
astronaut
The Gentle Storm, is a Dutch musical project by which singer and lyricist, and composer and musician Arjen Anthony Lucassen, a Dutch singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician and producer?
Anneke van Giersbergen
What vitamin is David P. Ballou known for studying?
Vitamin B
The Sisters stars a Canadian-American actor who is known for his role as Will Truman in what sitcom?
Will & Grace
What season was it for 2004 American Football League when Chris Judd won the 2004 Brownlow Medal?
108th
which american investigative journalist is noted for her speculations that the U.S. government is colluding with aliens and the creator of the program  "The UFO Report: Sightings"?
Linda Moulton Howe
What election did Varaprasad Rao Velagapalli win to constitute the 16th Lok Sabha, electing members of parliament for all 543 parliamentary constituencies of India?  
Indian general election, 2014
Who was a singer as well as an actor, Nam Woo-hyun or Boy George?
Nam Woo-hyun
Who has received more Academy Awards?Asghar Farhadi or Carlos Saldanha?
Asghar Farhadi
Konstantinos Barbarousis and Nikolaos Michaloliakos are connect by their involvement in what group? 
Golden Dawn
Priceless includes production from a DJ who has worked with what artist whose first album was "Savage Dreams"?
Baby Bash
Question: Who has written more screenplays, Michael Gordon or B. Reeves Eason?
B. Reeves Eason
What is the nickname of the computer produced in 1948 by the Royal Society Computing Machine Laboratory, established by Max Newman?
Baby
The family that James Roosevelt was a part of was descended from what nationality of immigrants?
Dutch
In what 1988 American Christmas comedy film did Reina King play as the oldest daughter?
Scrooged
Which magazine is older, V or Collier's?
Collier's
In between Date palm and Jeffersonia which one was formerly grouped in genus "Podophyllum"?
Jeffersonia
Arakimentari and Marlene, films of which genre?
documentary
In addition to the 1988 American comedy-fantasy film directed by Tim Burton, what other film is Glenn Shadix known for?
The Nightmare Before Christmas
Who is the producer of the telenovela that features songs on its soundtrack from the album Lo mejor que me pasó en la vida?
Angelli Nesma Medina
"Echo" is the thirteenth episode and the season finale of the second season of a series created by who ?
Joe Weisberg
Which director worked on Reservoir Dogs, Roger Avary or Clark Johnson?
Roger Avary
Verbena and Dietes, are a type of what?
plants
Dave Berg, is an American country music songwriter, his credits include which Number One country hit "It's Good to Be Us", by which American country music singer, that placed eighth on the 5th season of the Fox Network's talent competition series "American Idol"?
Bucky Covington
Who was the Chief Justice behind the Supreme Court decision where Robert Cooper Grier served as a juror, which denied a "negro" could an American citizenship?
Roger B. Taney
The Scottish actor and author Robbie Coltrane is best known for this role in the "Harry Potter" films whose responsibility is the gamekeeper and Keeper of Keys and Grounds of what?
Hogwarts
Who is the Chairman of the party that was represented by Judy Jacobson in the 1996 Montana gubernatorial election?
Jim Elliott
When did the person that Pavel Belyayev traveled with conduct extravehicular activity in space?
18 March 1965
Where are the campuses of the college where Chris Andersen played basketball for one year ?
Brenham, Bryan, Schulenburg, and Sealy
What is the population of the city where Shawnee Mission East High School is located?
21,447
After which world event, did retail establishments in the U.S. began to pursue a high-volume, low-profit-margin strategy in a type of store that sells products at prices that are lower than the typical market value and for example sells Scotsmac, an alcoholic drink consisting of a blend of wine and whisky flavouring, in 700ml bottles?
World War II
Saturn 3 had a screenplay written by the novelist best known for which 1984 novel?
Money
With what weapon did did the subject of Summer of Sam perpetuate his murders?
.44 caliber Bulldog revolver
The city in which Kannada University is based is recognised as what under the name of "Group of Monuments at Hampi"?
UNESCO World Heritage Site
Passionada stars what English actor who is known for playing Lucius Malfoy in the Harry Potter films?
Jason Isaacs
Which country was defeated during World War II that had a submarine in its service called the U-666?
Nazi Germany
Richard Siward resided at the castle just outside what Scottish town?
Arncroach
Who created the comedy-drama Martin Starr appeared as Bill Haverchuck on?
Paul Feig
Were Tyler Spencer and Gary Numan members of the same band?
no
What city is home to both the Istanbul Aviation Museum and the Crimea Memorial Church?
Istanbul, Turkey
What is the nationality of the photographer who took the picture featured on the back of the Cramps' album "Psychedelic Jungle"?
Dutch
The 1994 American dark fantasy action film "The Crow" stars which American actor and martial artist born in 1965?
Brandon Lee
Master Kilby (Roud 1434) is a traditional English folk song, it was collected by Maud Karpeles, and which person, who was the founding father of the folk-song revival in England in the early 20th century?
Cecil James Sharp
What man, born in August 1819, was one of the primary characters in a British-American historical television serial directed by John Erman?
Prince Albert
What happened to the 20th President of the United States in Baltimore?
assassination
What is a peninsular residential neighborhood, beach, and leisure/entertainment destination, that holds an annual American hot dog competitive eating competition on Independence Day at Nathan's Famous Corporation's original?
Coney Island
Which gang did the man who produced the play "The Bacchae" belong to?
Dead Rabbits
Bust and Olivia are both what?
magazine
Which League Two team in Licolnshire has Martin Carruthers played for? 
Lincoln City
Elvis González Valencia was the brother of the drug lord known by what alias?
El Cuini
Which building is taller, 1717 Broadway or the Americas Tower?
1717 Broadway
Who directed the film that inspired "Good Luck"?
Donald Petrie
Which American author wrote The Devil's Delusion 
David Berlinski
Which of the artist with which Orfeo International Music released many classical own productions was born on 28 May 1925?
Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau
When was the man who pardoned Yehoshua Ben-Zion born?
16 May 1916
James Moyer Franks was the lead singer, rhythm guitarist, primary songwriter of what band influenced by The Beastie Boys?
Bloodhound Gang
Which was an animated film, Hercules or Inspector Gadget?
Hercules
when was the right which  Marvin Worth purchased published 
1965,
What occupation was shared by Howard Fast and Robert Walser?
writer
Are both University of Alabama in Huntsville and Kasetsart University located in the same country?
no
What was the nationality of the author of the 1961 children's novel about a boy who buys and trains two Redbone Coonhound hunting dogs?
American
What year was the children's book, written by the 1986 U.S. nominee for the biennial about a stranger with memory loss, released?
1986
Which of these two filmmakers, Paul Weitz or Thomas Vinterberg was the first to be born? 
Paul John Weitz (born November 19, 1965)
Broad Bay is located upstream from a town with a total population of what?
1,465
Chessington Zoo was developed by a group that is now part of what company?
Merlin Entertainments
Who was the American former child actor turned lawyer that had a supporting role in the film produced by Warren Beatty entitled "Dick Tracy"?
Charlie Korsmo
Which character was played by Rupert Grint in all 8 Harry Potter films, including at age 13 in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Ron Weasley
Who produced the album that features the song "Memories" by Weezer?
Rivers Cuomo and Shawn Everett
What year was this former 1992 CHicago Bears season coach born?
1939
What economy hotel chain did James Truman start that has dark red shingles? 
Red Roof Inn
What year was the person, who inaugurated the New Delhi World Book Fair, begin presidency in India?
1969
What private research university in California is Anne Howland Ehrlich is the associate director of the Center for Conservation Biology?
Stanford University
The Button is a comic book that is a buildup toward the event written by which creative officer?
Geoff Johns
What major American record label was partly responsible for the release of the song "Comeback Kid" recorded by the music group The Band Perry?
Interscope Records
John Michael McDonagh wrote and directed the buddy cop film from 2011 in which country?
Irish
The Centennial Flame was lit in the presence of Canada's acting Prime Minister who was born in what year?
1897
Fader said that the breakout "stoner" was a tribute to Fabo by an American hip hop artist who is from what U.S. State?
Georgia
Members of the social club for Harvard students known as the Hasty Pudding Club formed what kind of singing group, called The Harvard Krokodiloes, in 1946?
a cappella
Are both Princeton University and University of Missouri System in New Jersey?
no
In which reign the queen ruled Sweden under whom Henning Podebusk served? 
1363-1364
What is the relation of Credo in Us and John Cage?
music
Nenad Bach performed with this American actor, director, and producer that has appeared in more than 70 films and was born in what year?
1953
Is Ghent Kangri, located in the Saltoro Mountains, higher than Malubiting?
Ghent Kangri (or Mount Ghent, Ghaint I) is a high peak near the north end of the Saltoro Mountains, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
What year was the college founded that Simi Hamilton attended?
1800
 A Dog's Purpose is a 2017 American comedy-drama film starring an American actress who made a guest appearance on what?
Power Rangers Time Force
Elbow Room: The Varieties of Free Will Worth Wanting is a 1984 book by a philosopher born in waht year?
1942
SS "Cheviot" was an iron screw steamer built by Charles Mitchell and Co., the beach nearby was subsequently named what, which beach near Point Nepean in Victoria, Australia?
Cheviot Beach
Eunice Cho's best-known role was Robin in a TV movie that was released on DVD in what year?
2007
United Express Flight 3411 incident occurred on April 9, 2017, O'Hare International Airport police violently and forcibly ejected passenger David Dao from United Express Flight 3411 after he refused to depart the airplane upon the demand of management, which airline subsidiary operated the scheduled passenger flight, on behalf of United Express?
Republic Airline Inc.
What is the county seat of the county where Kentucky Route 162 is located?
Bardstown
Bharat Kala Bhavan is an art and archeological museum located in a public central university with over how many students?
35,000
What English county does the River Gwash flow through and the village of Litter Casterton reside in?
Rutland
Pedro Rubén Brieger (born 5 November 1955, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine journalist and sociologist, he worked in different newspapers like which newspaper published in Buenos Aires, Argentina?
Página/12
Red, White & Blues is the eighth album by a band founded in what year?
1978
Beauty and the Geek is a reality television show, first aired in the United Kingdom on E4 on 7 February 2006, following the success of the format in the United States, voiceovers are provided by David Mitchell of Peep Show, a British sitcom, broadcast on Channel 4 from 2003 until what year?
2015
British Landing is located on the shore of an island located in what lake?
Lake Huron
Who was the author of the book series that the TV series is based on that Maisie Williams made her debut on?
George R. R. Martin
In which city is the main management office of the company that owns J. Walter Thompson located?
London
Fuze and John Barnes are both of what nationality?
English
Which film, directed by Michael Lehmann, was edited by Stephen Semel?
Airheads
Who is older, Axl Rose or Tim Wheeler?
Axl Rose
The British Army officer involved in Green's killing was murdered by whom? 
Provisional Irish Republican Army
"Plan A" is a song by American rock band The Dandy Warhols, an American alternative rock band, formed in Portland, Oregon in which year, by singer-guitarist Courtney Taylor-Taylor and guitarist Peter Holmström?
1994
Who is the founder, owner and president of the Boras Corporation who's clients include an American professional baseball center fielder for the New York Yankees who  played in MLB for the Boston Red Sox from 2007 through 2013, and joined the Yankees before the 2014 season ?
Scott Dean Boras
What show produced under Guroudev Bhalla production house stars actor Ritvik Arora?
Tu Aashiqui
Shaw Professor of Chinese was a position whose name was changed in recognition of a donation by which Hong Kong entertainment mogul?
Sir Run Run Shaw
JASDF Matsushima Air Base, is a military aerodrome of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force located in Higashimatsushima, 6.6 NM west of Ishinomaki in the Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, it's the home of the JASDF 21st Fighter Training Squadron, currently equipped with which multirole fighter derived from the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, and manufactured by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin for the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, with a 60/40 split in manufacturing between Japan and the United States?
Mitsubishi F-2
When was the party Bernard Rudolf "Ben" Bot  is in formed?
1977
Red 2 stars what American actress and author who made her stage debut as Rita in a Broadway production of Prelude to a Kiss?
Mary-Louise Parker
The narrator of Inside Mecca was born in what year?
1956
How long after the film Bambi premiered was it's sequel released?
64 years
 Música en espera is an Argentine film starring a Grammy-nominated singer who has been included in what list by "Esquire" magazine?
Sexiest Woman Alive Atlas
Which place is more convenient for bathing, Stanley Hot Springs, Idaho or Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness?
primitive soaking pools
Which party did the English Prime Minister and subject of Barbara Learning lead from 1940 to 1955?
the Conservative Party
Più che puoi" ("As Much As You Can") is a duet by Italian singer Eros Ramazzotti and American singer-actress Cher, is an American singer and actress, sometimes referred to as who?
Goddess of Pop
Desmond Harrington, is an American actor, and is known for movies such as which 2002 American-Australian horror film directed by Steve Beck?
Ghost Ship
Who was the grandfather of the Bonne de Luxembourg on her father's side?
Henry VII
Who was the Disney Animation Studios chief creative officer when the film "Little Wonders" was recorded for was released?
John Lasseter
Are Codonanthe and Hippocrepis both types of plants
yes
The railway that only operated during the yearly agricultural event known colloquially as "The Show" can be found operating in what country?
Australia
Are both Niagara and Scrabble games?
yes
Which writer was Soviet, Booth Tarkington or Marina Tsvetaeva?
Marina Ivanovna Tsvetaeva
Who owns the country format radio station based in Nelson County's Bardstown in Kentucky?
Central Kentucky Broadcasting, Inc
Who is the CEO of EFM Health Clubs headquartered in Unley, South Australia?
Peter Rohde
What was the original name of the group that released the song "Holdin'" in 1996?
the Grizzly River Boys
What is the birthyear of the figure skater who won a silver medal at the 1992 World Championships and was attacked by Tonya Harding?
1969
What doFranco Malerba and Reinhard Furrer have in common?
astronaut
Which 1998 American science fiction horror thriller film did Natasha Henstridge have a role in?
Species II
What year was Mikhail Grigoroevich Akimov on the schedule of Senators?
1905
Aviapartner lost its operating license at Brussels Airport to an aviation company heaquartered in what Swiss city?
Opfikon
Where is the location of the headquarters of the company that built the auxiliary propulsion system for the STV Fair Jeanne?
Detroit, Michigan
How many rooms are at the hotel where the 2005 Las Vegas Desert Classic was held?
5,124
Who produced both Against Me!'s fourth full-length studio album, as well as the second studio album by Nirvana?
Butch Vig
W. David Hager is an American physician with a medical board certification in obstetrics and gynecology, in 2002, Hager, a leading conservative Christian voice on women's health and sexuality, was appointed to the Advisory Committee for Reproductive Health Drugs in the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), a federal agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, by which U.S. President?
George W. Bush
Which singer, Glenn Tilbrook or JC Chasez, got their start in acting?
Joshua Scott "JC" Chasez
Which magazine recorded an album by Phil Ochs released the year he died? 
Broadside Magazine
Of The 1975 and Love Among Freaks, which rock band originated in England?
The 1975 are an English rock band originating from Manchester.
Cyana trigutta is a moth of the family Erebidae, it is found in Niger, officially the Republic of the Niger, is a landlocked country in which country's Western region?
Africa
The Man in the Iron Mask is considered a sequel to a historical novel by Alexandre Dumas that translates to what in French?
Les Trois Mousquetaires
What year did General Mills buy out the company in which Charles Pillsbury's grandfather founded?
2001
Which documentary was produced first, Art Is... The Permanent Revolution or Traceroute?
Art Is... The Permanent Revolution
Which genus contains more species, Vanda or Sedum?
Sedum
A remix of Wanderlust by a artist appears as a track on iTunes, whose artists is known for what?
American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and film producer
What South Korean actor starred on the series Doctor Stranger and had a leading roll in the movie "Man to Man"? 
Park Hae-jin
What is the birthdate of this American actress, producer, singer, comic book writer, and political activist, who starred in Descent?
May 9, 1979
Who played the lead role in the play which most clearly reflects Shakespeare's relationship with his sovereign?
Richard Burbage
Where were home games played for the 2003 Missouri Tigers football team who lost the Independence Bowl to Arkansas?
Faurot Field in Columbia, Missouri
In what year did the boy group led by Kang Seung-yoon debut?
2014
Are McIntyre Mines and Copperfields Mine in the same country?
yes
Which breed of dog, the Whippet or the Griffon Fauve de Bretagne, originated in England and descended from greyhounds?
The Whippet
What is the birthdate of the commissioner of the Epic Poker League?
September 13, 1965
What cruise ship was wrecked off the coast of Isola del Giglio in Italy and successfully parbuckled in September 2013?
Costa Concordia
Units in the City is the debut and only studio album by which American hip hop recording artist, an American rapper from Atlanta, Georgia, known professionally as who?
Shawty Lo
Arthur Koestler and Kingsley Amis, have occupation in which industry?
literary
What year was the host of The Robinson Report born?
1958
Simon Lindberg has been the leader of the group that was disbanded for inactivity in what nation in 2016?
Denmark
Prof. Sherman Klump was portrayed by as cast member of what series from 1980 to 1984?
Saturday Night Live
What city do you come to after the loop highway that bypasses Topeka?
Salina
What South Korean actor played a supporting role in a 2012 disaster film directed by Kim Ji-hoon?
Do Ji-Han
What is the Aspect ratio of a 1080p monitor?
16:9
Were Joris Ivens and Walter Lang in the same industry?
yes
Which castle serving as the seat of clan chief John MacLeod of Macleod was was remodelled in a mock-medieval style?
Dunvegan Castle
Which of the two tornado outbreaks killed the most people?
March 2 and 3, 2012
The head coach of the 1987–88 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team is one of only 8 major college men's basketball coaches to have over how many career wins?
800
Indian Singers Padmanav Bordoloi and Papon come from which state?
Assam
Eshtaol Forest, located  north of Beit Shemesh and near a cooperative village jointly founded by Israeli what?
Jews and Arabs
Who coached both a Pacific-10 Conference team and National Football League's St. Louis Rams?
Rich Brooks
When was one of the leading actresses of the movie "A Wrinkle in Time" born in New Orleans? 
March 22, 1976
What is the nationality of the author of the novel on which The Shell Seekers was based?
British
Which film with music by Cliff Martinez starred Ryan Gosling as the lead actor?
Only God Forgives
"The Darkest Hour" generally refers to the time when Britain was under threat of invasion in 1940 and 1941. Who coined the phrase?
Winston Churchill
Matthew Sweet and OneRepublic are of what nationality?
American
Downfall and Roulette, are which type of entertainment?
game
Which of Lewis Teague's work  is a 1985 American anthology horror film?
Cat's Eye
What sport do Kim Min-soo and Sean Christopher Haire share?
mixed martial arts
What modern countries border the ancient territory of the Kinambroi?
Albania and Montenegro
Who is the son of the man to whom Marie-Thérèse Walter was a mistress?
Paulo
In what year did the eruption occur that laid down the lava upon which a famous forest visible from the Tenjō-Yama Park Mt. Kachi Kachi Ropeway? 
864 CE
Which song from a self-titled album was featured in a 1965 film, starring Jon Voight and written by Waldo Salt?
'A Famous Myth'
For what franchise were Chad Gable and Jason Jordan Smackdown Tag Team Champions?
WWE
Who was the actor who played Sean in a british musical drama sitcom based on the Israeli series "North Star"?
Thomas Doherty
Bally's & Paris station is located in which city?
Paradise, Nevada
Teşvikiye Mosque and Abdi İpekçi Arena, are both located in which city, in Turkey?
Istanbul
The Root was launched by which Director of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard?
Henry Louis "Skip" Gates Jr.
What book writter by Aldous Huxley was inspired by a mescaline trip and also inspired the name of a famous rock band's album?
The Doors of Perception
In which country are Veliefendi Race Course and Çırağan Palace?
Turkey
Stephen Alley was allegedly involved in the murder of which Russian mystic?
Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin
Taron Egerton had a role in the 2016 biographical comedy-drama film directed by whom?
Dexter Fletcher
The college where R. Kent Hughes holds a BA from had approximately how many students enrolled as of fall 2015?
1,725
The Wittenburg Door and GO, are which form of publication?
magazine
Malladi Venkata Satyanarayana Rao was honored with a title given each year by what group?
the Madras Music Academy
What is the name of the fantasy books by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin featuring the fictional people, The Kargs, called?
Earthsea
When was the American actress starred in Touched with Fire born? 
December 18, 1978
In between Secrets of Life and Summer Magic, which one is based on the novel "Mother Carey's Chickens" ?
Summer Magic
What nationality is novelist Zadie Smith's husband?
Northern Irish
Eystein Haraldsson, was king of Norway from 1142 to 1157, "Øystein Haraldsson", is his name in which North Germanic language spoken mainly in Norway, where it is the official language?
Norwegian
What is the alternative name of the second-tallest building west of the Mississippi River, after the skyscraper in Downtown Los Angeles?
Transbay Tower
Where was the founder of the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster from?
Northern Ireland
Were Vector and Dreams So Real both rock bands?
yes
Unapologetic was the album released after the album that was created while traveling for which tour?
Loud
Seymour Horace Knox merged his more than 100 stores with the operator of variety stores known as what?
Five-and-Dimes
What environment did both Dirk Frimout and Klaus-Dietrich Flade work in?
Space
 Cuyo Spanish was influenced by a dialect of the Spanish language spoken mainly in the areas in and around what Basin?
Río de la Plata Basin
Which of Bob Gurr's designs do patrons steer specially designed cars through an enclosed track?
Autopia
What parts do both Dave Matthews and Seo Eunkwang play in their bands?
vocalist
What band is best known for their hit song "My Own Worst Enemy", Rooney or  Lit ?
Lit
Agnes of Austria was a member of the house that ruled the Holy Roman Empire beginning in what year?
1438
Numbers is the second studio album by American hip hop duo MellowHype, the album also contains appearances from various Odd Future members, Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All, normally shortened to Odd Future and abbreviated to OFWGKTA (stylized OFWGK†Δ with an upside down cross), is an American hip hop collective formed in which city, in 2006-07?
Los Angeles
Which country is home to both S. G. Vasudev and the largest artists' commune? 
India
What type of category does Typha and Caryota have in common?
genus
Which pen name did Emily Bronte write under, Currer, Ellis or Acton Bell?
Ellis Bell
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Vince Genna Stadium is located?
76,693
What does the sample cel the song "letting go" mean in English?
I Love You
Who shared the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor Hansch and an American theoretical physicist born in New York City in 1925?
John L. Hall
David Argue is best known for his role as Snowy in a film directed by who ?
Peter Weir
What is the capital of the island, that is located in the Pacific Ocean between Australia, New Zealand, and New Caledonia, that is home to the small fern, Diplazium australe?
Kingston
Are Ezra Koenig and Mike McColgan both lead vocalists?
yes
The character of Miss Bates in the Jane Austen novel "Emma" can be described as?
Shabby genteel, and a compulsive talker
What supporter of the radioactive waste facility to be located in Nye County, Nevada served as the 24th Governor of Nevada?
Robert Frank "Bob" List
Which company produced the show which starred Meaghan Rath?
Muse
What main river does the West River, that flows through Addison Maine, run into?
Indian River
Noam Jenkins had a role in the 2014 video game developed by which company?
Ubisoft Montreal
Simon Marcus is a Canadian-Jamaican Muay Thai kickboxer, that defeated which American professional Muay Thai kickboxer, twice?
Joe Schilling
Who directed the 2016 British-American historical comedy horror film in which Sally Phillips portrayed Mrs Bennet?
Burr Steers
What is the name of the conspiracy theorist from Perth, Australia who claims that the Port Arthur massacre was staged?
Joe Vialls
Sam Adonis works for the "lucha libre" professional wrestling promotion based in Mexico City that was founded in what year?
1933
At which university did the English ethologist, evolutionary biologist and author who coined the phrase God's utility function work?
University of Oxford
GQ (formerly Gentlemen's Quarterly) is an international monthly men's magazine based in New York City, Inked is a tattoo lifestyle digital media company that bills itself as the outsiders' insider media, covering music, fashion, art, sports and the rest of the lifestyle of the tattooed, "Inked", like Vice, has made the transition from the newsstand to digital media company, and a brand that sits among GQ and who?
Vanity Fair
Eli Wallach played Arthur Abbott is a romantic comedy film written by who?
Nancy Meyers
 Gétye is a village in a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe that covers how much area?
93,030 km2
What is the name of the American actor, comedian, and singer, known for playing Andy Bernard in the U.S. version of "The Office" who starred in American comedy film Vacation?
Ed Helms
When was the American actor born who played as Jared Banks in the drama "One Life to Live".?
August 21, 1980
Are Guy Ritchie and Todd Field.both filmmakers?
yes
What is the year of the event that occured first, Twist and Shout by Capital Records on "Rarities" was released, or Twist and Shout was written?
1961
What director of Frakenweenie also directed a movie based on the Headless Horseman?
Tim Burton
The 1896 Oregon Agricultural Aggies football team represented Oregon Agricultural College, now known as Oregon State University, as an independent during the 1896 college football season, OSU is a coeducational, public research university in the northwest United States, located in Oregon, in which city?
Corvallis
What rock band from Connecticut has worked with a record label that also works with the notable band Deafheaven?
Have a Nice Life
Does The Bassarids or Maria Stuarda have more acts?
Maria Stuarda
Mani Ratnam and Noël Mitrani, share which mutual occupations?
film director, film writer and a film producer
Tom Forman and Anand Patwardhan, are in the film industry?
yes
Which activist, Christina Stead or René Char, was a committed Marxist?
Christina Stead
Anne Caroline Salisbury is the maternal great-grandmother of which wife of King George VI and the mother of Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon?
Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
Are Plain White T's and Better Than Ezra both alternative-rock bands?
no
How many people does the stadium where Girona FC holds it home matched hold? 
13,500 people
Are Plott Hound and Dogue de Bordeaux considered large dog breeds?
yes
What was the nickname of the original singer of Louisiana Saturday Night?
Gentle Giant
What Filipino singer, who rose to popularity on YouTube, released an EP in May 2008 under the the name Charice?
Jake Zyrus
Eugene Onegin and Venus and Adonis, is what type of item?
opera
Disco was a remix album that includes the track released on Mar 24, 1996 on what record label?
Parlophone Records
Lagerstroemia and Veitchia, have which characteristic in common?
flowering
How many municipalities did one of the palce where Echinocactus polycephalus occured divided into
72 municipalities
Rachel Elkind produced the 1968 album "Switched-On Bach" for what American composer best for her electonic music and film scores?
Wendy Carlos
What comedy title by american production company Metro Goldwyn Meyer shares a name with a 19th century pirate?
Barnacle Bill
German Wirehaired Pointer and Villanuco de Las Encartaciones are both what?
breed of dog
When was the Journalist who wrote he Politically Incorrect Guide to Science born 
July 17, 1936
Are Hall Bartlett and José Mojica Marins both American filmmakers?
no
The Mechanic starred an actor who was competitive in what sport?
diver
What types of meat other than pork can the primary ingredient of currywurst be made from?
veal, beef
Which Irish ballad written by Frederic Weatherly was featured on the album The Sweatheart Tree by Johnny Mathis?
Danny Boy
Which dog breed is larger, Pandikona or Schipperke?
Pandikona
Are the following Polish political parties more right or left winged, Poland Comes First or Law and Justice?
right-wing
Who was born first, Antonius Divitis or Josquin des Prez?
Josquin des Prez
Donnie Little played for the team that was in what conference?
Big 12
The sea whose port is The Port of Reggio is sometimes considered as a part of which ocean?
Atlantic Ocean
What is the middle name of the star of The Naked Chef ?
Trevor
What is the  2014 incarnation of the charity super group Band Aid?
Band Aid 30
What is the acronym of the stage name for the singer of Sofi Needs a Ladder?
Some Other Female Interest
Old and in the Gray is an album released by the surviving members of a band formed in what year?
1973
Pasek and Paul won the award for "City of Stars" that was first awarded in which year?
1962
The Peoria Rivermen were an ice hockey team in the International Hockey League, but a new team with that name currently competes in a league based in Huntersville, North Carolina, and has teams from the southeastern United States, as well as Illinois and what other midwestern state?
Indiana
What English film, theatre and television actor appear in Harlequin, a 1980 Australian thriller?
David Hemmings
Norbert Reichart is best known for his collaboration with a Swiss author whose books make claims about extraterrestrial influences on what?
early human culture
What Professor of History, investigates the histories of the properties for  the BBC series "Restoration"?
Kate Williams
"Tourniquet" is a single by Marilyn Manson from an album released in what year?
1996
What 1951 film adaptation is  Alice's Curious Labyrinth, a hedge maze attraction at the Disneyland Park within Disneyland Paris, based on?
Alice in Wonderland
Intimidad de los parques was based on a short story by the novelist and essayist of what nationality?
Argentine
Anthem Inc. and Apple Inc.,are companies of which nationality?
American
The character portrayed by Anthony Perkins in the 1960 film of the same name, is the basis for the name of what German punk band?
The Bates
What Academy Award-winning movie features music by Reprise 1990-1999 composer Vangelis?
"Chariots of Fire"
The Dirac large numbers hypothesis (LNH) is an observation made by the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at what school? 
University of Cambridge
Which star of Jekyll and Hyde... Together Again was born on September 17, 1951 ?
Cassandra Peterson
The vertico spatially modulated illumination, that surpasses the 200 nm resolution limit predicted by a German physicist who laid the foundation of modern optics, was what?
the fastest light microscope
What magazine dubbed  a former American-Israeli basketball player a reference to the principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association?
Sports Illustrated
What is the name of the actor born October 10,1947 who starred in the producers?
Gary Beach
Were Serguei Kouchnerov and Carlos Diegues from the same country?
no
Where is the Palace of Westminster located?
London
John Bruce Yeh is the founder and director of a chamber ensemble whose first recording was a piece based on what Russian folk tale?
The Runaway Soldier and the Devil
Lockwood is a census-designated place in what county that is the most populous county in Montana?
Yellowstone County
The Other Woman is a 2014 American comedy film, the film stars Kate Upton, an American model and actress, known for her appearances in which magazine?
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Home Is Where the Hart Is starred a Canadian actor born 11 February and appeared in how many films?
more than 100 films
Who is currently in Oblivion Dust, Atom on Sphere and Fake, Ken Lloyd or Ronnie Radke
Kentaro James Shibuya Lloyd
Who is younger  Luiz Carlos Dórea or Antônio Rogério Nogueira ?
Antônio Rogério Nogueira
What came into existence first, Cage9 or the singer Christian Burns?
Christian Anthony Burns
Couple-ish is a series revolving around an artist who self-identifies as what identity that lies outside the gender binary?
Genderqueer
In 2009, Massimo Giordano toured with a Russian Soprano born in which year ?
1971
Do writers Adolfo Bioy Casares and James Lee Burke share the same nationality?
no
When was the American football player who was the head coach for the sixth of 13 seasons in 1963 Missouri Tigers football team born?
December 22, 1924
Maria Roe Vincent is a singer, composer and vocal arranger, who has worked with the playback singer, Srinivas, known for singing over how many songs?
2000
WHen did the person who hosted Scarborough Country serve in the House of Representatives? 
1995 to 2001
What actor starred in a 2002 movie whose executive producer was Linda Reisman?
Robert Duvall
What is the population of the city where KRVO is located?
4,688
Which category of film would describe Fahrenheit 9/11 and the Gracie Award winning Troop 1500?
documentary
Audrey Peters was born in a township in which county ?
Essex County
Galicia Hoxe was a newspaper from what capital of Galicia?
Santiago de Compostela
Are both Isaac Slade and Walt Aldridge engineers?
no
Which Australian rock journalist and critic wrote the compendium of notable popular recordings which he considers are "the great songs of all time", including one by the American singer songwriter whose debut album was "Songs in A Minor"?
Toby Creswell
The Orlando Magic can boast which host of NBA Inside Stuff as a former player?
Grant Henry Hill
Saveloy is said to originate from the Latin "cerebrus" which is a sausage produced where?
produced in Switzerland, France (especially Alsace and Lyon) and parts of Germany
Who was the director of the 2004 comedy film in which the actor who played the role of Spencer Olchin in the sitcom "The King of Queens" made a cameo appearance?
David M. Rosenthal
What super-regional shopping mall located in north Austin, Texas, is served by the Lakeline Capital MetroRail, commuter rail station?
Lakeline Mall
For which book retailer based out of Ann Arbor, Michigan was Howard Lorber on the Board of Directors?
Borders Group Inc.
Are Toshiko Koshijima and Guy Chadwick both responsible for writing the majority of their respective bands material?
no
What year was the new quarterback for the 2013 Oakland Raiders born?
1989
Elizabeth at 90: A Family Portrait is narrated by the longest-serving heir apparent in what?
British history
Are the Manon Lescaut, a four act opera composed between 1890 and 1893 and Rusalka, one of the most successful Czech operas both by Antonín Dvořák?
no
As of 2010, how many people lived in the region in which Robert Sheffey was a preacher to?
25 million people
Susworth is located 3 mi west of what large village and civil parish in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England?
Scotter
What is the name of the Price is Right host who also the Miss USA pageant for twenty years?
Bob Barker
Hrafn Gunnlaugsson and Leos Carax were both what?
film director
Nadezhda Gumerova won a medal in what inaugural edition of the international multi-sport event created by Ted Turner?
1986 Goodwill Games
Which attress, dance, singer and model was born February 1, 1987, had a solo in the song Light Up the World?
Heather Morris
] The 82nd Brigade Support Battalion is stationed at which largest military institution in the world by population?
Fort Bragg
X-15 starred which American film actor from many Marlboro commercials?
David McLean
Boise Towne Square is a mall in the western United States, located in Boise, Idaho, it opened in 1988 after more than 20 years of planning, and features over 186 stores, including Macy's (formerly The Bon Marché), that  was a department store chain launched in Seattle, Washington, in which country?
United States
Kobie Ferguson, born March of what year, is an Australian football (soccer) player, who last played for the Newcastle Jets FC, also known as the Newcastle Jets Women, is an Australian football (soccer) team?
1999
What sport do both Eli Manning and the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award have in common?
football
What other band did an English rock singer ,best known for his work with Whitesnake who's song peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart, sing for in 1973 to 1976?
Deep Purple
What characteristic does Bobby Kimball and Philip Bailey share? 
American singer
Who directed the film that inspired Madonna when writing The Look of Love?
Alfred Hitchcock
Who played in The Hunchback of Notre Dame and born 1936?
Charles Kimbrough
Wanzhou District and Liaocheng, are located in which country?
China
What album by The Dream Academy features an instrumental version of a song originally used in a 1987 American comedy film written, produced and directed by John Hughes?
The Morning Lasted All Day: A Retrospective
Max Lowe has represented England in which under-17 team controlled by the Football Association?
England national under-17 football team
Gareth Hutch was shot dead on Tuesday 24 May 2016, he was a nephew of which Irish criminal, and the prime suspect for two of the biggest armed robberies in Irish history?
Gerry Hutch
The album on which "4th Time Around" was on released on what date?
May 16, 1966
Rose English has performed her work at the arts festival that is one of the major cultural events in what country?
Australia
What is the main historic north-south roads in England?
The A6 is one of the main historic north-south roads in England.
What do Curve and The Sisters of Mercy have in common?
band
What album by 2Pac was released on March 14, 1995 featuring a certified Platinum hit single?
Me Against the World
Shock Treatment is a follow up to the film by which studio?
20th Century Fox
Which one of the five Civilized Tribes of Sequoyah Bay State Park principally lives in Oklahoma with a minorty in Florida.
Seminole
Samuel R. Delany and George R. R. Martin, share which occupation industry?
writer
As lieutenant in the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, Debra Gauthier would have been working under what elected position, currently held by Joe Lombardo?
Sheriff of Clark County
Name an EP produced by an American rock band that was formed in 2010.
Monastic Living
Which American mixed martial arts organization based in Las Vegas, Nevada, that is owned and operated by parent company WME–IMG?
Ultimate Fighting Championship
What English writer starred in Attracta?
Wendy Hiller
In what year did Morgan Lake win World Junior champion in a track and field event made up of seven events?
2014
Who was the director of the film starring Jean-Pierre Martins as a French boxer?
Olivier Dahan
How many platforms does the railway station, that replaced the station located in Morecambe that was opened on 24 March 1907, have?
two-platform
To which party does the congresswoman, who visited Baton Rouge Community College on February 8, 2008, belong?
Democratic Party
What type of media does Sarah Price and Richard Wallace have in common?
film
What Spaniard fought the Tiwa Indians and saw the Colorado River?
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
What Spanish phrase does the song by Tom Waits "Romeo Is Bleeding" use that efers to a particular old school subculture of Chicanos and Mexican-Americans?
Pachuco
Drew Fuller stared in a series that originally broadcast on what station? 
The WB
Which company founded by ex-Black Isle employees developed the game Neverwinter Nights?
Obsidian Entertainment
Neal Dodson is an Independent Spirit Award-winning film producer of Academy Awards-nominated "Margin Call", Neal executive produced "Hollidaysburg", starring Rachel Keller, an American actress, born on which date?
December 25, 1992
Which film starring Firmine Richard is based on a play by Robert Thomas?
8 Women
Which was released first, The Betrayal – Nerakhoon or Bus 174?
Bus 174
Who owns the power station for which the Myuna Colliery was developed to provide coal  ?
Origin Energy.
Who was a new coach on The Voice of Ireland and also a singer in the popular band The Saturdays?
Una Healy
Tuomas Lauri Johannes Holopainen, is a Finnish songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician (but mainly keyboardist) and record producer, best known as the founder, leader, keyboardist and songwriter of symphonic metal band Nightwish, formed in which year? 
1996
What County is Lebanon High School in?
Sullivan County
How far away from Cuba is the island in the Straits of Florida where Life on a Rock was recorded?
90 mi
The Massacre of Kondomari was orchestrated by a paratrooper what was convicted of war crimes in what year?
1947
Washburn, Texas is located 20 miles east of a city that had a population of how many in 2016 ?
199,582
Who directed the film for which Vincent Gardenia received his second Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
Norman Jewison
Which daughter of the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and King of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death was an infant member of the British royal family?
Princess Elizabeth of Clarence
what gun that was also a .30 caliber semi-automatic carbine was used in the Daingerfield church shooting? 
M1 carbine
Are Houghton County Memorial Airport and Daytona Beach International Airport both located in Florida?
no
Anna-Lena Grönefeld is from Germany, whereas Pavel Složil is from where?
Czechoslovakia
Who wrote A Streetcar Named Desire, which is a play in which Viola Keats starred as Blanche during an Australian tour?
Tennessee Williams
Who was the writer of an episodic play from which Yoni Ki Baat was inspired?
Eve Ensler
How many copies were sold of the last UK number-one single that was written by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea?
in excess of one million copies
In what state is Longs Drugs and Kukai Grove Center?
Hawaii
1967 western The Jackals is a remake of which 1948 heist movie?
Yellow Sky
This first episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" gives away the Marsh home address, what was the name given to the episode?
Reverse Cowgirl
Who was in two bands,  Saúl Hernández or Debbie Harry?
Saúl Alfonso Hernández
What musical starred Elvis Presley and a Swedish-American actress, singer, and dancer?
Viva Las Vegas
The wife of Mitt Romney co-owns a horse that was ridden by which rider in the 2012 summer Olympics ?
Jan Ebeling
Name the English rock band formed in London who achieved international acclaim with their progressive and psychedelic music and who were a significant influence on the German progressive rock band Sylvan alongside Marillion and Genesis?
Pink Floyd
On which year, on St Patrick's Day, was the Kansas City Irish Center first opened?
2007
For which act is the creator of "Juniper Jungle" best known?
Cannon and Ball
While traveling on her Loud Tour in 2011, which artist recorded her sixth album entitled Talk That Talk?
Rihanna
the text, also known as Classic of Changes, excavated in 1977 from the Shuanggudui archeological site is called what?
I Ching
What genre does Standing in the Shadows of Motown and 911: In Plane Site have in common?
documentary
What formal dance has a tradition of female students asking the male students to the dance?
Sadie Hawkins Dance
Who worked on the cover art for a Rival Sons album and also worked for rock artist Peter Gabriel?
Storm Thorgerson
What kind of compilation does 've Got My Own Hell to Raise and Aimee Mann have in common?
album
Which American alternative rock musician has Peter Townsend been featured on recordings and tours with?
David Pajo
The Brogue shoe is typically found in what style similar to that of a ballet shoe?
Ghillies
Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance focuses on teaching the technique that was the influence of whose techniques?
Merce Cunningham, Lester Horton, and Paul Taylor
Five Minutes to a Fortune in 2013 was hosted by a presenter who also presented what show during its run on Channel 4?
Big Brother
What was Wendy Schmidt Oil Cleanup X Challenge inspired by?
Deepwater Horizon" oil spill
Who is a British-born Iranian-American actress and producer that starred in Still Small Voices?
with Catherine Bell
During which era of French classical music did Marc Antoine Charpentier compose music?
the Baroque era.
MisterWives has opened for the rock band from what Nevada city?
Las Vegas
Which movie was released first, Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen or G-Force?
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen
The English actress and model born October 28, 1978 played Captain Phasma in what sequel trilogy?
"Star Wars"
Dark Girls is a 2012 documentary film by American filmmakers Bill Duke and D. Channsin Berry, it also reports on a new version of the 1940s black doll experiment by who, which were African-American psychologists who as a married team conducted important research among children and were active in the Civil Rights Movement?
Kenneth and Mamie Clark
Kathleen Baker is the current world-record holder in the 4x100 metre medley relay along with an American compedition swimmer who qualified for what in 2016?
Rio Olympics
Are Burretiokentia and Rebutia both types of plants?
yes
What country were both Braehead and the 2005 World Wheelchair Curling Championship in?
Scotland
The country where Orchestre Stukas was based is in what part of Africa?
Central Africa
Are A Diary for Timothy and Race to Nowhere both documentaries?
yes
Adventure time premiered on what network founded by Betty Cohen in October 1, 1992?
Adventure Time
Were Peter S. Beagle and Ishmael Reed both writers?
yes
What state did the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform chairman and Geolocation Privacy and Surveillance Act sponsor act as a representative for?
Utah
In which country are Howgill Fells and Tebay located in?
England
 Thomas Hyclak as the chair of the economics department of an American private research university established by who?
Asa Packer
Who is older, Donald Fagen or Eddie Vedder?
Donald Jay Fagen
On what day of the week did the Simpson episode in which HOmer took on the role of the Grim Reaper appear?
Sunday
San José de Jáchal is a city located on what route in western Argentina, stretching from Punta Loyola near Rio Gallegos in Santa Cruz Province in the south to La Quiaca in Jujuy Province in the north?
National Route 40
Lichtenberg's Avertissement, a poster intended to deter the citizens of Göttingen, Germany, from attending the performance of Jacob Philadelphia in 1777, written by which German scientist, satirist, and Anglophile?
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
What martial arts school did an actor in A Scream in the Streets found?
Chun Kuk Do
The coastline paradox was first discovered by which English mathematician and physicist?
Lewis Fry Richardson
The winner of the 2012 Alabama Republican primary represented what state as United States Senator?
Pennsylvania
Are/were Wubbo Ockels and Roberto Vittori astronauts for the same space agency?
yes
CineVegas was anually held near which strip?
Las Vegas Strip
To date, which band between Evans Blue and Quix*o*tic, has been active for a longer period of time?
Evans Blue
Are Tabernaemontana and Caltha both genus of flowering plants ?
yes
Artesia, is a city in southeast Los Angeles County, California, and the home of the East West Ice Palace, an ice rink which is co-owned, by which retired figure skater ?
Michelle Kwan
Fukubukuro is part of what Japanese festical celebrated on January 1st sine 1873?
Japanese New Year
Who starred as Mary in the film 2017 film about an intellectually gifted 7-year-old who becomes the subject of a custody battle between her uncle and grandmother?
Mckenna Grace
Were Harry Sweet and Tadeusz Konwicki both directors?
yes
What nationality is the club that Pavol Bajza plays for?
Danish
What American actress who began her theatre career in 1951, played Livia Soprano on the HBO series The Sopranos?
Nancy Marchand
 Malik Scott holds a notable win over a Samoan australian boxer who lost a fight against Wladimir Klitschko by knockout in which round?
fifth round
Who was the head coach of the team that stopped the Green Bay packers from getting their 5th consecutive NFC North title?
Mike Zimmer
The Montana National Guard consists of the Montana Air National Guard, and the Montana Army National Guard is a component of the United States Army, and which organization?
United States National Guard
What queen is the goddess Anu also known as?
The Morrígan
When did Richard Minifie join the main theatre of war during the First World War?
January 1917
How often does The Wittenburg Door and Jack and Jill publish their magazines?
bimonthly
Claudine Dianne Ryce, was an advocate for missing children from Miami, Florida, her son, Jimmy Ryce, was kidnapped, raped and murdered in which year, by Juan Carlos Chavez in Redland, Florida?
1995
Which magazine was first published, American Way or Teen Vogue?
American Way
In which state was this 1990 alternative band fronted by Maynard James Keenan founded?
California
Dixie Kiefer was Executive Officer of the aircraft carrier commisiioned by the Navy starting in what year?
1937
Where is the permanent home of the Opera Comapny Edytha Fleischer began her career as the principal artist for?
Staatsoper Unter den Linden
Which park falls in more provinces, Cabañeros National Park or Teide National Park? 
Cabañeros National Park
The Broadway expedition occurred in a war during what dynasty of China?
Qing dynasty
The General Jesup was a steamboat that was launched on what river that starts in the Rocky Mountains?
Colorado River
The sculptures of whose armies is Yuan Zhongyi famous for preserving?
Qin Shi Huang
Dhoby Ghaut, often referred to the Dhoby Ghaut MRT Station, is a major interchange station below the seven-floor contemporary shopping mall in what country?
Singapore
What nationality is the supermodel represented by Paul Fisher?
English
Mexican American animator, Manuel Perez, worked on what comic strip created by Robert Crumb?
Fritz the Cat
Who was the United States Navy Chief Warrant Officer that was convicted for what was described as "the most damaging espionage ring uncovered in the United States in three decades?
John Anthony Walker
What is the profession that was shared by Robert Clouse and Steve Buscemi?
film director
What is the French translation of the name of the company Macy's replaced at Boise Towne Square? 
"the good market" or "the good deal"
Where is the high Alpine resort which  Donald Fox won a bronze medal in the four-man event at the 1937 FIBT World Championships in located 
Engadine in Switzerland
Which School is identical to Horace Mann school and operated as a school in the Schenectady City School District until 1974?
Franklin School
For what administration did the person, whom Ann O'Leary worked for in regards to the 2008 and 2016 presidential campaigns, become the United States Secretary of State?
the Obama Administration
Who debuted first, Razorlight or Local Natives?
Razorlight
Folk dances from Thessaly include this popular dance, which is a mixture of the slow and fast rhythms of hasapiko and which other dance?
hasaposerviko
What is the architectural design of the cathedral that contains 500 sculptures by Jay Hall Carpenter?
Neo-Gothic
when was the cosmetic company whose gift cards are purchasable on GiftCards.com purchased by Dominique Mandonnaud?
1993
Who founded a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of fluid mechanics?
George Keith Batchelor FRS
Who plays more musical instruments, Conrad Lant or Derek Hough?
Conrad Thomas Lant
Michael Cavanaugh, is an actor, musician and singer most famous for playing the piano and lead vocals in the band for which Broadway jukebox musical, featuring the songs of Billy Joel?
Movin' Out
Terence Beesley is married to an actress that was nominated for an Emmy for her role on what television show?
Extras
What is the population of the source town of the Hannacrois Creek?
3,361
The province where Major General Rahmatullah Raufi was born is divided into how many districts?
eight
What great artist that Natalia Troitskaya sang with, did a duet with Freddie Mercury that became one of the two official theme songs for the 1992 Olympics?
Montserrat Caballé
Who is the full-sister to the retired American Thoroughbred racehorse that was raised by a race horse trainer born July 9, 1941?
Quest to Peak
When was the retired Hong Kong actress who was one of those that produced The Dragon from Russia born? 
December 31, 1961
According to the Blackfeet, where is the most sacred part of Glacier National Park located?
eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation
Anthony Small (also known as Abdul Haq) is a retired professional boxer and islamic political activist who was born on which date, in Lewisham, London, his was also referred to as 'Sugar Ray Clay Jones Jr.' (SRCJJ), in homage to Sugar Ray Robinson, Sugar Ray Leonard, Muhammad Ali, and Roy Jones Jr., Ali was an American professional boxer and activist?
20 June 1981
What county is both Sand Hill and Brandon Mississippi located within?
Rankin County
In the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final, the only goal scored by either side was from a cross by a player who was born in what year?
1990
Were both Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Stefan Edberg professional tennis players?
yes
What year did the singer, who is a member of the nation and ethnic group that shares a common culture, history, ancestry and language, release her first studio album (in the language of her ethnic group)?
1993
Children in Need 2013 was the first broadcast from the production facility on what road in Hertfordshire?
Clarendon Road
What American rock band that formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1980 had its albums produced by Mitch Easter from 1981 through 1984?
R.E.M.
What landlocked country located in Southern Africa is the birth place of the Swedish performance artist Ayesha?
Botswana
What journal published since 1931 by the American Institute of Physics was edited by Gilbert Jerome Perlow?
Journal of Applied Physics
On which Expedition did Clayton Anderson replace Sunita Williams? 
Expedition 15
When was the UC Berkeley Physics professor for whom the Born-Oppenheimer approximation is named born?
April 22, 1904
In what year was the comic book publishing company, that Simpsons Illustrated led to the establishment of, founded?
1993
What rock band topped the charts with their cover of "La Bamba" in 1987 and had a band member with a guest appearance on Dolly Parton's "Treasures" in 1996
Los Lobos
Backmasking is a sound recording effect, that deliberately reverses which media?
magnetic tape
Inanna Publications have books collected at the library system with more than how many volumes?
18 million
 Which opened first Fellini's Pizza or Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana?
Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana
What was the reported revenue in 2015 of this Dutch global semiconductor manufacturer of which Nexperia was it's former Standard Products business line?
$6.1 billion
Are Strelitzia and Smyrnium both types of plants?
yes
Billie Jean King and Henri Leconte, both have which occupation?
professional tennis player
Were Control Room and Project Grizzly made by the same person?
no
A work of what one of the three ancient Greek tragedians was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt?
Sophocles
What is the name of the Conservative Party politician who has served as MP for Meriden, which lies around halfway between Solihull's Urban Fringe and Coventry's?
Caroline Spelman
What is the birthdate of this English film actor, comedian, and singer, who was replaced by Frankie Howerd in Further Up the Creek?
8 September 1925
The 1983 German Grand Prix ended in a 4th place finish for which French four-time Formula One Drivers' Champion?
Alain Marie Pascal Prost
"Merry Go 'Round" which was released in September 2012, is the lead single from the debut album of Kacey Musgraves"Same Trailer Different Park" which was released when?
March 19, 2013
Which solo Studio Album was by a prominent singer in Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Bengali, Kannada and Malayalam films?
Pal
Which United States Army General commanded Joseph A. McChristian during the Vietnam war and later went on to serve as the chief of staff of the US Army?
William Westmoreland
What is the population of the city where J. Press's largest store is located?
862,477
 Kingsland Road is part of a major road that has it's southern end at which bridge ?
London Bridge
Are both John Roecker and Michael Gordon stage actors?
no
Stephen King and John W. Campbell share which nationality?
American
What is the name of the British television series featuring the role of Brida as played by a co-star of German horror film Rammbock?
The Last Kingdom
Which magazine is published more frequently, Cook's Illustrated or Guitar World?
Guitar World
Which dutch town had a factory built for a company that now has a retail presence in over 70 countries?
Best
Sam Breadon assigned the role of Business Manager of the The St. Louis Cardinals to an American sports executive elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in what year?
1967
The daughter of actor Shakti Kapoor as in what 2016 film?
Rock On 2
Which American rapper produced an album containing a song that was nominated for a Grammy Award?
2Pac
Is the Barton Mine or Beanland Mine located closer to Temagami?
Barton Mine
Who is still alive, Bertolt Brecht and John Banville?
John Banville
The gentleman who commanded the 1st Provisional Air Brigade was regarded as what?
the father of the United States Air Force
What nationality is the racing driver who drove a Renault R.S.16 and has a father who won the Le Mans GT class four times?
Danish
What is the population of the city that WDAM-TV is licensed to?
18,548
How many immigrants crossed through the gateway predecessor of the first American immigration station?
12 million
Vanessa Kirby starred as Joanna in the 2013 comedy-drama about a man with what ability?
time travel
Who directed the 1999 film starring the award winning, American stand-up comedian born in 1973?
Les Mayfield
What team does the shortest NBA All Star tied with the 2011 final pick currently broadcast for?
Houston Rockets
What band did Hugh John McDonald join before working with Bon Jovi?
David Bromberg Band
Who wrote the Salford-set 1999 British comedy starring Om Puri that rose to popularity along with Anita and Me?
Ayub Khan-Din
Project Wizard was to defend against threats from what missile with a liquid-propellant rocket engine, that was developed during WWII in Germany as a vengeance weapon?
The V-2
What movie was Laura Slade Wiggins in that was the third film in a series?
Rings
What is the birth year of the person who proposed the Ontogenetic depth idea?
1958
What was the name of the home stadium the two-time Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award Winner Bob Stoops in his sixth season as head coach? It is located in the third-largest city in Oklahoma.
Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium
Which documentary, The Tillman Story or Hearts and Minds, was chosen as Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 47th Academy Awards presented in 1975?
Hearts and Minds
In what city was the 1968 album opening with "Good Times Bad Times" recorded?
London
That's So Raven starred the actress and singer who first appeared on what program in 1989?
The Cosby Show
Are Cleyera and Calymmanthium the names of genus'?
yes
What state is home to the mountains named in honor of Zebulon Pike and the rare species of flowering carrot found around the aforementioned mountains?
Colorado
Something's Going On, is the sixteenth studio album by American country music artist Trace Adkins, it was released on March 31, 2017 via which American independent record label, based in Nashville, Tennessee?
Broken Bow Records
When was the American former professional basketball player born who was first overall pick in the 2000 NBA draft by the Nets'? 
December 30, 1977
What is the country code that, along with no and sj is domain name registry for the three Norwegian country not open for?
registration
In which arena did Thato Batshegi lose to Kenyan Nick Okoth in the gold medal match?
Workers Indoor Arena
In the Basement and National Bird, are of which genre?
documentary
Who was the other developer with Hawk Ostby who developed the American science fiction television series in which Kevin Hanchard had his role as Inspector Sematimba?
Mark Fergus
Wilfred Noy and Malcolm St. Clair were both directors?
yes
A dutch electronic music trio helped the tenth studio album of what American nu metal band?
Korn
Antti Hulkko is most famous for his role in a Finnish rock band formed in 1979, why did this band break up?
drummer Nicholas "Razzle" Dingley had died
What is a 2010 3D documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet Cave in southern France, War/Dance or Cave of Forgotten Dreams?
Cave of Forgotten Dreams
Who is the father of Aage Bohr and son of Christian Bohr?
Niels Bohr
Are both Anglo-Français de Petite Vénerie and Hawaiian Poi Dog extinct breeds of dogs?
no
What honor did the man for whom the USS "Kauffman" was named after receive?
the Navy Cross
What was a book written by the man who studied the surface rupture caused by the 1855 Wairarapa earthquake?
"Principles of Geology"
 The Duchy of Holstein was established by a Scandinavian monarch under what union?
Kalmar Union
Are "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District" and "Iphigénie en Tauride" both operas?
yes
Who won more doubles titles, Larisa Neiland or David Adams?
Larisa Savchenko-Neiland
In the boxing bout between Sammy Angott and Henry Armstrong, who was older, Angott or Armstrong?
Henry Armstrong
What is the name of the first published collection of essays and short stories by the brother of the actress who plays Jerri Blank in the tv series "Strangers with Candy"?  
"Barrel Fever"
Michael Lewis is an American non-fiction author that was responsible for writing which sports novel published in 2003 that told the story of the Oakland Athletics baseball team and its new approach to gaining a competitive edge?
Moneyball
What was the maiden name of the designer of the sign requested by Ted Rogich?
Whitehead
The Big Sandy Expedition was organized by a Union general who was also a United States what?
naval officer
Also known for directing "Swingers" ,who directed the 2005 American action comedy film Mr. & Mrs. Smith?
Douglas Eric "Doug
Cliff Burwell's most popular composition was Sweet Lorraine, which had lyrics by what American lyricist that was born in 1900?
Mitchell Parish
Ken Lee founded the electronics chain that has how many stores in New South Wales?
41
What was the 2006 net profit from the company that brews Peeterman Artois?
€3.2 billion
Who is the founder of the British Army Unit which undertakes a number of roles including covert reconnaissance, counter-terrorism, direct action and hostage rescue?
Paddy Mayne
kaboom! Entertainment focuses on curating content that includes a book that has sold over how many copies?
13 million
The song "Errol" by Australian Crawl is an lyrical biography about an actor that became a U.S. citizen in what year?
1942
Who has won more medals, Daniel Nestor or Piet Norval?
Pieter ("Piet") Norval
Jimmy Tatro starred in the true-crime satire co-created by whom?
Dan Perrault and Tony Yacenda
When was father of the Carter Family born?
December 15, 1891
 The initial tornado of the Late-May 1998 tornado outbreak hit a state named after which Native American tribes?
Lakota and Dakota Sioux
What computer program does MGM wireless provide to run on a mobile device?
A mobile app
Stephen Stepanek is an American politician representing a town with a population of what at the 2010 census?
11,201
When was the German politician died who was appointed as Deputy Führer by  Rudolf Walter Richard Hess?
30 April 1945
Who directed the 2016 film that Partizan Midi-Minuit produced?
Antoine Bardou-Jacquet
Where did the 2010 coach of the Ohio Bobcats coach from 1998 to 2003?
University of Nebraska–Lincoln
W. H. Conn was a staff artist for what publication by Independent News & Media?
Belfast Telegraph
Who wrote the single that Gun released in 1994 ?
Larry Blackmon and Tomi Jenkins
Are Steve Lukather and Andy Biersack both members of a band?
yes
What term has been applied to the town where Louis Alan Hazeltine was born ?
"the military capital of the American Revolution"
Who is the 2006 coach of the California Golden Bears currently head coach of? 
Fresno State Bulldogs
What team finished runner up in the 2005 Gold Cup and boasts Valentin Pimentel as their player?
Panama national football team
Did Ivan Magrin-Chagnolleau and Upendra Rao both originate from France?
no
What is the name of the American sportscaster born in 1969 that what part of the family that had the restaurant J. Buck's named after them
Joe Buck
When did the Bengali polymath, physicist, biologist and biophysicist died based on who's name the Lower Circular Road was renamed?
23 November 1937
What is the name of the Australian cinematographer who collaborated on a 2016 American science fiction action adventure film based on the video game franchise of the same name?
Adam Arkapaw
What county in Montana was home to St. Benedict's Catholic School?
Musselshell County
Was Joe Gittleman or Mickey Thomas, both whom are known in America, was known by the name "The Bass Fiddleman"?
bass earned him the nickname "the Bass Fiddleman."
What uncompleted opera was composed by the composer of Il signor Fagotto?
"The Tales of Hoffmann"
Which building is across the street from 5 World Trade Center, 125 Greenwich Street or 50 Hudson Yards?
125 Greenwich Street
What is the maiden name of the person who used the phrase "Alternative facts" during a "Meet the Press" interview on January 22, 2017?
Fitzpatrick
What is the name of the of the company who's Executive Chairman is Vijay Eswaran and owns Qnet?
QI Group
Skil Brum and Chamlang are both names of a what?
mountain
What pizza chain was founded by the former owner who died before the 117th season of the Detroit Tigers? 
Little Caesars Pizza
Which dog is more likely to be employed by farmers, the Austrian Pinscher or the Lagotto Romagnolo?
Austrian Pinscher
Which movie is the original film, Choices of One or Star Wars?
Star Wars
In which season and league did the Hellas Verona Football club compete against 21 other teams?
2016–17 Serie B
In what conflict was Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer a commanding officer of a night fighter-wing?
World War II
What award did the host of Pot Luck win?
Gold Logie
ACE TV was superseded by the station that was previously known as what on analog television?
C31
Who is the presenter of Copa Movistar which is one of the latgest surfing company in Australia? 
Rip Curl
What is the year of the event that happened first, "All Things Must Pass" was produced, or the film Wonderwall was produced?
1968
In what year was the actor known for his role as Tyler Duncan in a movie directed by Paul Feig?
2011
What do Robert G. Vignola and Vincent Kok Tak-Chiu have in common?
screenwriter and film director
What landlocked country in Eastern Europe is composed of two villages, Condrătești and Curtoaia?
Moldova
Which University has more accalaides' Bahauddin Zakariya University or Makerere University?
Bahauddin Zakariya University
Sebastian Pawel Janikowski (] ; born March 2, 1978) is a Polish-born American football placekicker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL), against the Denver Broncos, he tied the previous NFL record for the longest field goal at 63 yards, sharing the record with which former American football placekicker?
David Roy Akers
Which song from Badfinger's third album is featured in the series finale of AMC's "Breaking Bad"?
Baby Blue
Stay never reached #1, staying behind the song created by the singer-songwriter of what nationality?
American
What conference does the team that represents a private university located in West Long Branch, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, play in ?
Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference
Are both Ivan Tors and Jason Bateman a filmmaker?
yes
Are both Chris Robinson and Tom Chaplin musicians?
yes
Are Alan Mak and David Attwood in the same industry?
yes
PopRocks is a full-time channel devoted to pop music, like which American singer-songwriter and actress, born in 1962?
Sheryl Suzanne Crow
The Balmoral Furniture Company bombing was a paramilitary attack that took place on 11 December 1971 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, which Ulster loyalist paramilitary group, had carried out that bombing in Northern Ireland?
Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF)
Gong Hyo-jin  is best known for her leading role in the feature film debut of what director?
Lee Kyoung-mi
When was the democrat defeated by William Milliken  at the Michigan gubernatorial election, 1970 born? 
September 6, 1931
On what day was the person born who wrote the screenplay for "Mr. Horn"?
August 12, 1931
What 2011 movie stars Gong Ji-Chul, better known as Long Yoo?
The Crucible
The team that played against the Florida state Seminoles in the 2001 orange bowl was coached by who? 
Bob Stoops in his second season as head coach
What country of origin does Harold Macmilla and John Profumo have in common?
British
Who did Indianapolis-born drummer John Von Ohlen work with twice in the 60s?
Woody Herman in 1967
Who was the head coach during the 1999 season in which Ben Wallace was traded from the Washington Wizards?
Doc Rivers
What military engagement fought near Gonzales, Texas involved the Army of the People?
The Battle of Gonzales
In Morphett, South Australia, which Gulf St. Vincent bay bounds the district to the west?
Holdfast Bay
What Mexican state were La Familia Michoacana and Knights Templar Cartel organized in?
Michoacán
Carlsen Verlag is a publisher of an animated television series created for what network?
Nickelodeon
The wise Kids is what kind of film, written and directed by Stephen Cone>
drama film
Do both CQ Amateur Radio and Electronic Gaming Monthly both review video games?
no
The 23rd AVN Awards ceremony was hosted by Greg Fitzsimmons and an an American pornographic actress inducted in to the XRCO what?
Hall of Fame
The River Ravensbourne is a tributary of a river that is how many miles long?
215
Who wrote "Lost and Forgotten" which came 11th in Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo?
Peter Nalitch and Friends
What type of water transportation system did both the Rapidan Dam Canal of the Rappahannock Navigation and the Main Line of Public Works work to establish?
Canal
What was the name of the former Member of Parliament whose son was elected as Secretary of State at the Department for Transport?
John Gummer
 Marie Mattingly Meloney organized a fund drive to buy radium for a French physicist who was the first woman to win what?
Nobel Prize
What was the middle name of the actor who starred in "Romolo e Remo" opposite Gordon Scott and Virna Lisi?
Lester
Worker: What is the nickname of the athlete featured on the cover of the video game "MLB 14: The Show"
Miggy
The 22nd TCA Awards were hosted by an american actress best known for portraying who in the Fox action thriller series "24"?
Chloe O'Brian
Are both Supergrass and Modest Mouse American rock bands?
no
Of the two rock group and band, Secondhand Serenade and Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, which is originated in San Francisco?
Thinking Fellers Union Local 282
Jang Jin-young is currently more active as a vocal trainer for a company established in which year ?
1995
Are Bombay Bicycle Club and The Flaming Lips from the same country?
no
Mutant Meeples and Icehouse pieces are both what?
game
Which of these provide more regular news, The Christian Science Monitor or Electronic Gaming Monthly?
The Christian Science Monitor
Who is younger, Clive Cussler or Anita Diamant ?
Anita Diamant
What is the nationality of the man whom Rocky Wood met, along with J. Allen Hynek, while researching extra-terrestrial life and UFO-related phenomenon?
Swiss
Greta Garbo starred in a film with an American film actor often referred to as what?
The King of Hollywood
Are Frida, en trotjänarinna and Stations of the Elevated both documentaries aired in Denmark?
no
What is the nationality of the corporation that owns and operates Ramada Hotel Chains ?
American
Who is the president of the university which is represented by the Oklahoma Sooners?
David Lyle Boren
Deirdre Connelly (born in 1961) is a Puerto Rican and Irish-American business professional, she has been president of North America Pharmaceuticals for GlaxoSmithKline since 2009, reporting to which CEO of GlaxoSmithKline between 2008 and 2017?
Andrew Witty
Martin Holm fought this K-1 Dutch kickboxer
Ernesto Hoost
Who is the general gender audience target of Claudia and Velvetpark
women
What is the nickname of the actress who costarred with Julie Andrews, Mary Tyler Moore, James Fox, John Gavin, and Carol Channing in Thoroughly Modern Millie?
Bea Lillie
The county seat of Suffolk County, NY lies at the mouth of a river that flows into which body of water?
Flanders Bay
The duet known as "Picture" features Sheryl Crow in Kid Rock's third major album "Cocky", but was later replaced with this country singer for the radio.
Allison Moorer
Which genus has more known species, Cissus or Digitalis?
Cissus
What is the nickname of ''Cryin'' singer Steven Tyler of Aerosmith?
"Demon of Screamin'" due to his high screams
Which film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures, Return to Oz or George of the Jungle?
George of the Jungle
Matthew Settle is known for his role on Band of Brothers as what United States Army officer who served in the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division during World War II?
Lieutenant Colonel Ronald C. Speirs
What German composer born in 1900 had a premier in Berlin in 1928 at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm?
Kurt Weill
Who was the writer of the 1997 American-French drama film for which Howard Atherton is known?
Stephen Schiff
Which restaurant pizza chain has been around longer, LaRosa's Pizzeria or Mr. Jim's Pizza?
LaRosa's Pizzeria
What is the born name of the actress who starred in Broadway Bad?
Virginia Katherine McMath
Which pizza chain operates in more countries, Sarpino's Pizzeria or Pizza Fusion? 
Sarpino's Pizzeria
What county seat of Clark County, Kansas, is also north of the Cimarron Redoubt?
Ashland
Which former italian professional footballer, born in 1970, participated in the 1999–2000 FA Cup Final between Chelsea and Aston Villa?
Roberto Di Matteo
A half-hour series that starred an actress who played Natalie Lane in The Patty Duke Show, also starred what other actress?
Dyan Cannon
The Valachi hearings were named after which American gangster and first member of the Mafia to acknowledge it existed?
Joseph Michael "Joe Cargo" Valachi
l'Espresso, featuring contributions by Lirio Abbate, is one of Italy's leading weekly news magazines. What's its biggest rival called?
Panorama
Which is composed of more institutions, the University of Texas System or Berea College?
The University of Texas System
What is the Swabian name of the city in Baden-Württemberg with a T-Systems Multimedia Solutions office?
Schduagert
Who was declared champion at a 1983 event sanctioned by an automobile club that was formed in 1944?
Jacques Villeneuve, Sr.
Are FPT University and Duke University in the same country?
no
Guardians of the Galaxy the movie is based on the comic book by what authors?
Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning
What is the seating capacity of the stadium as of 2015 in which 1971 Oklahoma Sooners football team payed their home games?
86,112
What sport did brothers Steve and Tinker Owens play?
football
Which writer first published their work, Emma Goldman or Peter Straub?
Emma Goldman
Which documentary film, Monster Camp or Manson, was directed by a larger number of people?
Manson
Patches from the Quilt is a digital EP released by an American Band that is from which state?
New York
What year did Jennifer Lopes, the highest paid Latin actressin Hollywood, appear iin the film Bordertown?   
2006
William Henry Huddle painted official portraits of the states's chief executives, including an American folk hero who was commonly referred to in popular culture as what? 
King of the Wild Frontier
Between Chisholm v. Georgia and Edwards v. Aguillard , which seminal Supreme Court case in US history found that the first amendment law was specifically intended to advance a particular religion when it was written?
Edwards v. Aguillard
Who directed the film where Jared Van Snellenberg played a caddy?
Dennis Dugan
In which group did the singer whose debut extended play was "Full Moon" make her debut?
Wonder Girls
Which place was founded in 1680, and has Napeague State Park between it and another place?
Amagansett
What country of origin does WGBL and Biloxi, Mississippi have in common?
United States
Lakshmi Niwas Mittal is the CEO of what Luxembourg-based multinational steel manufacturing corporation?
ArcelorMittal
What Norm Smith Medal winner in 2017 played for the Bendigo Pioneers?
Dustin Martin
What military organization featured the general who was declared dead by the Ansar Allah, after a missile attack?
Royal Saudi Air Force
Which plant has more species, Maianthemum or Diplolaena?
Maianthemum
What position did both Phil Mustard and Adam Gilchrist play in wicket?
wicketkeeper
Which film was released first, The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men or Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N.?
The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards were held on which date, Swift's "Wildest Dreams" music video premiered during the pre-show?
August 30, 2015
David Alan Miller, the Grammy Award winner, is known for conducting which orchestra?
Albany Symphony Orchestra
The actor that played Landry Clarke in the series "Friday Night Lights" stars with Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams in an upcoming thriller film written by who?
Mark Perez
Is the "capsicum annuum" milder or hotter than the jalapeno pepper?
It is wider and generally milder than the similar Serrano pepper.
What is the name of a character from the cartoon "Hittin' the Trail for Hallelujah Land" that is now considered derogatory?
Uncle Tom
Which Sooner was drafted by the Giants in the second round of the 2016 NFL drafter?
Sterling Clay Shepard
artist Rajko Müller plays a genre of music that is a subgenre of what music ?
house music
What Argentine American actor portrayed a character that supposedly died in November 2006?
Ignacio Ariel Serricchio
Who won an award for the soundtrack for the 2014 comedy film written and directed by Wes Anderson? 
Alexandre Michel Gérard Desplat
In what year was the actor born who appeared in both Assault on Precinct 13 and every Rocky installment?
1937
Which documentary was released earlier, Pride Divide or What Would Jesus Buy?
Pride Divide
What is the 2010 census population of the town at which  Miss America 2007 was held? 
223,167
Are Bothriochloa and Bystropogon both types of plant?
yes
Arnhold Holdings Ltd (Stock Code: SEHK 0102) is a public company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and is a leading name in the distribution of building materials and engineering equipment in China, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK) is a stock exchange located in Hong Kong, it's East Asia's and Asia's which rank, largest stock exchange>
third
Who was born first Yves Simoneau or Edgar Wright?
Yves Simoneau
Antonio Comi is the current general manager of a football club based in what city?
Turin, Piedmont
What is the diameter of this mass concentration of galaxies that contains the Local Sheet?
33 megaparsecs
"Talk That Talk" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, for her studio album same name, released in which year, the song was written by Ester Dean, an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress?
2011
The Shops at Columbus Circle is an urban shopping mall in the Time Warner Center in Manhattan, New York City — a complex of skyscrapers that was completed in 2003, the shopping mall includes Tumi Holdings, Inc., is a South Plainfield, New Jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel, founded in which year?
1975
What is the clock tower situated outside Dolmabahçe Palace in Istanbul, Turkey called,  Dolmabahçe Clock Tower or Yoros Castle?
Dolmabahçe Clock Tower
Althea Currier was born in what town in Washington County, Maine, that had a population of 1,521 at the 2010 census?
Baileyville
Christian Bowman apparead in a show that aired aired for how long? 
seven months
The producer for the music and soundtrack for a film directed by Stephen Herek about a tribute band singer named Chris "Izzy" Cole was born in what city?
Boston
What is the name of the day that commemorates the death of someone who once hired Waylon Jennings to play bass?
The Day the Music Died
What athletic conference is based in the Great Lakes region and stretches from Western New York to Illinois?
Mid-American Conference
The 2014 WEC 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps had a winning team that included the Swiss driver who previously competed for which team in Formula One?
Scuderia Toro Rosso
Do both dog breeds Rastreador Brasileiro and German Wirehaired Pointer come from the same continent ?
no
Which was a Greenlandic/Danish polar explorer and anthropologist, had members in his Second Danish Thule Expedition?
Knud Johan Victor Rasmussen
Where was the person who has blimp promoting his show born at?
Brookline, Massachusetts
Which band is formed in a State further west, Medicine or Fastball?
Medicine
Which position, first held by Eleanor de Montfort, is analogous to the Dauphine of France?
Princess of Wales
What journal published a Vedic Sanskrit text listed as number 2 in the Muktikā, the canon of the 108 Upanishads of Hinduism?
Journal of the American Oriental Society
Kim Chang-bok, is a North Korean football coach who managed the North Korea national football team from 2015 to 2016, Kim was replaced a year later by who, a Norwegian football manager and former player, and the current manager of North Korea's national football team?
Jørn Andersen
David Donato and Neil Young, have which occupation in common?
singer
What association had a founder that Beauty Turner was compared to? 
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
"In Your Footsteps" is the seventh episode of the fourth season of which American animated television series, the episode was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Skyler Page, an American animator and voice actor?
Adventure Time
Multiply is a song that features the rapper and record producer from what Tennessee city?
Memphis
What studio company did Alan Menken produce for and that the movie Sausage Party was a spoof of that studio's films?
Disney
A New Theory of the Earth was written by what English theologian?
William Whiston
During what years was the famous first singer of "Mamma mia che vo' sapè" actively releasing music?
1902 to 1920
What company produced Tron 2.0 along with Tron: The Ghost in the Machine?
Slave Labor Graphics
What is the population size of the place where Shane O'Neill refused to help the English against the Scottish settlers?
618,000
Isabella Kelly was born in a castle that is at the northern extremity of which isles?
Treshnish Isles
Bloodbrothers starred which opera singer and cast member of Law and Order?
Paul Anthony Sorvino
The main songwriter for rock band Alice in Chains recorded the hit "Cut You In" on what album?
Boggy Depot
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played on 27 November 2001 between Bayern Munich, winners of the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League, and defending champions Boca Juniors, winners of the 2001 Copa Libertadores, the match was played at the which neutral venue ?
National Stadium in Tokyo
Damnesia is album by a band from where? 
McHenry, Illinois
Edwin Cynrig Roberts, was one of the pioneers of which Welsh settlement in Argentina, which began in 1865 and occurred mainly along the coast of Chubut Province in the far southern region of Patagonia?
Y Wladfa
Steven Spielberg, is an American director, producer, and screenwriter who is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era, who did he co-write the unfinished film Slipstream with?
Roger Ernest
Rudolf Wilke was known for his work in the journal started by whom?
Albert Langen
Sioux Chief Manufacturing's promotional and packaging designs typically feature the bust of a leader born in what year?
1822
Tamera Mowry starred in which 2007 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie "Twitches"?
Twitches Too
Days of Wine and D'oh'ses is an episode name for what American animated sitcom starring Dan Castellanta as Homer Simpson?
The Simpsons
What do Matt Lucena and Andrea Hlaváčková have in common?
professional tennis player
Who was the father of the man who represented most of the eastern part of the state outside of Tulsa from 2005 to 2013?
David Boren
Which British artist is known for his work in the children's magazine Look-in?
Tom Kerr
In what year was the pogrom during which Schiffschul was destroyed?
1938
On what date did Fox air an episode featuring Robert Underdunk Terwilliger Jr., Ph.D.?
April 29, 1990.
Andre Thysse is a South African professional boxer who boxed against German professional boxer Jürgen Brähmer who held the WBO title from when to when?
2009 to 2011
Who starred in both Year of the Dog and Jurassic Park?
Laura Elizabeth Dern
When was the Japanese actor and musician born, who starred in the 1995 Japanese dram "Maborosi"?
November 27, 1973
Where are the Gainsborough station group and the Gainsborough Central railway station located?
England
Which is the other theory of Ben Garrison except conspiracy theory that emerged and went viral during the 2016 United States presidential election cycle?
Seth Rich murder conspiracy theory
The Panda's Thumb is a weblog, on the creation-evolution controversy from a mainstream scientific perspective, it is written by multiple contributors, including Mark Perakh, a professor emeritus of Mathematics and statistical mechanics at which organization, Fullerton in Fullerton, California?
California State University
Collette Wolfe is an American actress who starred in Interstellar, a 2014 epic science fiction film directed, co-written and co-produced by who?
Christopher Nolan
Are Roger Spottiswoode and George Sidney both directors?
yes
What year did the former model and event planner get married?
1965
Yussif Raman Chibsah, is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder for which Italian association football club based in Benevento, Campania?
Benevento Calcio
Going-to-the-Sun Road is a scenic route, complementing the Glacier National Park Tourist Trails, in which American mountain range?
Rocky Mountains
what year did Autry Erickson win a Stanley cup with team third most vauable in the nhl
1967
What county is the Sennett and Bertha Kirk House in?
Anderson County
Are Alexi Laiho and Deron Miller both known for playing lead guitar?
yes
Patrick Cranshaw had a role in the 2003 comedy film directed by whom?
Todd Phillips
In what year was the historical drama written which featured Russian stage actor and theatre director Georgy Sergeyevich Burdzhalov in the part of a character named Tatishchev?
1863
In what year was the Louisiana Governor who appointed Henry "Tank" Powell to the Louisiana Board of Pardons born?
1971
In which district is the town in which William Marmon Quao Halm was born ?
Lower Manya Krobo
Who wrote the book of the musical Cry-Baby that is made by John Waters?
Thomas Meehan
Which child of Atum is also known as the goddess of the sky?
Nut
"Clifford's Really Big Movie" is based of a book series published by what publishing company?
Scholastic
Of what nationality are both Maria and Ion Antonescu?
Romanian
Which founding father of the United States had a statute of himself created by Carl Wilhelm Daniel Rohl-Smith featured at the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893
Benjamin Franklin
Of which city was the author of the poem Palestine a bishop ?
Calcutta
Banca Comercială Română (BCR), a member of Erste Group, Erste Group Bank AG, one of the largest financial services providers in Central and Eastern Europe serving 15.7 million clients in over 2,700 branches in how many countries?
7
Which is a food magazine, Latin Mass Magazine or Saveur?
Saveur
Rhapidophyllum and Portea, are native to the United States?
no
What suburb of Melbourne, Australia was cricket player Mark Bradley Scholes born in?
Carlton, Victoria
What American multinational corporation offers online services as well as physical NIKEiD studios in different countries around the world?
Nike, Inc.
What film was released first, Jesus Camp or Dave Chappelle's Block Party?
Dave Chappelle's Block Party
Evelyn Venable played in the American movie Pinocchio, based on the novel "The Adventures of Pinocchio", what year was this movie released?
1940
What California city is the headquarters of the company that Lorraine Collett modeled for located in?
Kingsburg
Sideritis and Kalopanax, can be found in which mutual continent?
Asia
Me Him Her stars what Australian actor known for his work in "Monte Carlo" and "The November Man?
Luke Bracey
Who created a series which included an actor who was on "The Bill Engvall Show"?
Victor Fresco
What philanthropist founded ESL Music?
Eric Michael Hilton
What stage play was the film Lee Joon-gi starred as a clown in based on?
"Yi"
Cockermouth Cricket Club was founded in which year, this historic year finds its place located on the crest of the club, including Cockermouth Castle, is in the town of Cockermouth in Cumbria on a site by the junction of the Rivers Cocker and Derwent?
1823
Which band was formed first, Hellogoodbye or SWMRS?
Hellogoodbye
 Volcano is the fifth studio album by first Norwegian black metal band to join what?
a multi-national record label
Which documentary was released first, White Wilderness or Miracle?
White Wilderness
What board game was published sooner, Capitol or Lord of the Rings?
Lord of the Rings
Name the German philosopher, poet, and philologist whose novel inspired an oil painting cycle 'Also sprach Zarathustra' which was exhibited several times including Moscow in 2005?
Friedrich Nietzsche
Who has more performing jobs, Saffron or Marjo?
Saffron, is a singer, songwriter, actress and the lead singer of the electronica band Republica.
Who was nicknamed "The Red Baron" and was on 1989 Chicago Cubs?
Richard Lee Sutcliffe
Are both Elio Petri and Uli Edel filmmakers?
yes
Paul Nahaolelua served under the reigns of five monarchs: Kamehameha III, Kamehameha V, Lunalilo and Kalākaua, and Kamehameha IV, whose full Hawaiian name was what?
Alekanetero ʻIolani Kalanikualiholiho Maka o ʻIouli Kūnuiākea o Kūkāʻilimoku
Which races do people of this principle, which contemporary scholars likens to Ilminism, believe are predominate? 
Nordic or Aryan
The American playwright nominated for a role in "The Godfather Part II" appeared in what 1980 German/American action film?
Cuba Crossing
Xabber is available on the Android Play Store and another software repository that contains only apps that are what ?
free and open-source software
Philip Carlo authored the biography of which American contract killer and serial killer?
Richard Kuklinski
Which artist appeared in more movies, Pedro Sienna or Sergio Leone?
Pedro Sienna
The Main event features Olivia Newton-John, John Farnham and what Australian singer?
Anthony Warlow
When was the publisher of Legacy of the Ancients founded?
May 28, 1982
Who shot this political figure in Dallas, Texas whose autopsy was later performed, beginning at about 8 p.m. EST November 22, 1963, on the day of his assassination?
Lee Harvey Oswald
Which mountain is higher, Manaslu or Jengish Chokusu?
Manaslu
Were Gregory Hoblit and Ben Holmes both American film directors?
yes
What year did Taylor Swift release the song "Love Story" and release music videos for her songs "Change" and "Beautiful Eyes"?
in 2008
Are the cities Weihai and Shaoxing both located in eastern provinces?
yes
Who is the husband of the fastest woman of all time?
Alfrederick "Al" Joyner
Which British author wrote the fantasy trilogy comprising "Northern Lights" (also entitled "The Golden Compass"), "The Subtle Knife" and "The Amber Spyglass"?
Philip Pullman
JPlop Goes the Weasel's title is a pun on an English nursery rhyme that is often played by what toy?
jack-in-the-box
what does Taylor Swift videography and Picture to Burn have in common?
song
When was the Georgian-born Soviet revolutionary and political leader died who was Marshal of Poland by Joseph Stalin's order from 1945 until his death?
5 March 1953
 the Small Münsterländer and Ratonero Bodeguero Andaluz breeds main occupations are what?
hunting
Are Albert Einstein and Neil Gaiman from the same country?
no
How many Academy Awards nominations has this actress, who accepted a tribute award at the Gotham Independent Film Awards 2016,received?
five
Who directed the 1987 romantic drama dance film that is directly parodied by the television film "Totally Awesome"?
Emile Ardolino
Mount Jefferson is near the mountain to its northeast that has what elevation?
5793 ft
The Guandi Temple is dedicated to a general that served under what warlord?
Liu Bei
Which Irish priest and author was the father of Maria Brontë?
Patrick Brontë
A 1955 film by Giorgio Capitani grossed 146 million lire, and was the currency in Italy during which time period?
1861 and 2002
What English dancer, judge, and coach was featured as a judge on Strictly Come Dancing on season 14 with Bruno Tonioli, Craig Revel Horwood and Darcey Bussell?
Leonard Gordon Goodman
Snoop Dogg is part of which music subgenre that encompasses any artists or music that originate in the West Coast of the United States?
West Coast hip hop
Where did Spanish Jesuit Luis Ruiz Suárez do his missionary work? 
in Macau and southern China
Batman: Arkham City Lockdown action-adventure video game integrates with what app released by Apple that allows users play and challenge friends when playing online multiplayer social gaming network games.  
Game Center
Who was the co-star in the movie Mood of the Day of the common star of Mood of the Day and "Re-encounter" (2011)?
Moon Chae-won
The 2013–14 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team played it's home games at a stadium located in what county?
Essex County
Torteval, Guernsey contains a bird reservoir that was redeveloped to mark what anniversary?
60th
In which country is the agency that the Titan Mare Explorer was proposed to part of the federal government?
United States
Which Jimmy Eat World studio album was co-produced by Mark Trombino and re-released after September 11, 2001?
Bleed American
What show did Lee Yoon-ji appear in that used to be one segment of the "Sunday Sunday Night" program?
We Got Married
To whom was the self-designated group advises to in which Cheryl D. Mills was considered a member?
Hillary Clinton
Where is Goose Island Brewery located which has partnership with Off Color Brewing?
Lincoln Park, Chicago
Shashikala Dani is the only All India Radio graded female exponent of an instrument that consists of what ?
a set of ceramic or metal bowls tuned with water
Heart and Greed stars what former Chinese canadian newscaster?
Louise Lee
Ovens and Murray and New South Wales can be found in which country?
Australia
Serena B. Miller writes Amish romance books which is a subgenre typically read by which group of people?
evangelical Christian women
Which one of the original five members of the Mission Mountain Wood Band was born in January, 1948?
Rob Quist
Charles Plamondon competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics for what sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting?
biathlon
Conny Torstensson won national tiles playing for what team that calls the Kopparvallen stadium home?
Åtvidabergs FF
What isAlice Nāmakelua through its connection to Hula?
kumu hula dancer
What is the population of the town that owns the Sugarloaf Regional Airport?
761
Who wrote and illustrated the book on which the plot of the film "I'm Here" is based?
Shel Silverstein
What Led Zeppelin guitarist contributed to a tribute album to Rainer Ptacek?
Jimmy Page
Are Joe Dante and Ivan Passer both American film directors?
no
Which American professional baseball team that played in Metropolitan Stadium in 1970 had Ron Keller as a pitcher?
Minnesota Twins
What was the informal name of the company that captured the HMS Admiral Rainier more than once?
John Company
Which city is located closer to North Korea, Tumen, Jilin or Shanwei?
Tumen
The 2002 book "Class Action: The Story of Lois Jenson and the Landmark Case That Changed Sexual Harassment Law" by Clara Bingham and Laura Leedy Gansler inspired Michael Seitzman to write what?
North Country
Which Florida TV station broadcasts from Christmas all year round?
WRDQ
Was Rien que les heures or The 11th Hour released first?
Rien que les heures
Are Hugh Hudson and Jean-Marc Vallée both film directors?
yes
Name the American author and former stockbrocker who pleaded guilty to fraud in 1999 after his brokerage house, Stratton Oakmont, defrauded many of its shareholders?
Jordan Belfort
Where did one of the "Big Three" have a successful college carreer before being drafted?  
Marquette
Which was born/created first, Atom Egoyan or Chloe?
Atom Egoyan
What city is in the East North Central region of the Midwestern United States and the birthplace of an American former high jumper?
Indianapolis
Where is broadcaster of World Have Your Say headquartered?
London
Do Raoulia and Commidendrum belong to the same family?
no
Noom Diawara played the role of Charles in the comedy film directed by whom?
Philippe de Chauveron
The most populous metropolitan area on earth features an airport bus operator, based at the TCAT which is located where?
Chūō, Tokyo
Have both Jake Kasdan and Christophe Gans worked as film directors?
yes
What genre of music do the songs written by Limp Bizkit and Dodgy belong to?
rock
Why did Paul Golding truly take a six-month leave from the ultranationalist British political party he leads?
he was sentenced to eight weeks in prison for breach of a court injunction
Which member of the group F(x) has also participated in various television dramas such as "The Heirs" (2013), "My Lovely Girl" (2014), and "The Bride of Habaek" (2017)?
Chrystal Soo Jung
Who voices the character who is the father of the babies that are exploited in the episode "Eight Misbehavin' "?
Hank Azaria
Stuart James McCullum, is a former cricketer, who played for Otago throughout his career, he is the father of Nathan Leslie McCullum,a former New Zealand international cricketer, who represented New Zealand in Twenty20 Internationals and One Day Internationals, born on which date?  
1 September 1980
Who is older, Phil Collins or Brett Scallions?
Philip David Charles Collins
What role did Cate Blanchett play in the 1947 play written by playwright Tennessee Williams?
Blanche DuBois
The Saga of Baby Divine is a children's picture book, written by Bette Midler, an American singer, songwriter, actress, comedian, and film producer, born on which date?
December 1, 1945
What did Deepti Bhatnagar play in her first film role?
American neurosurgeon and media reporter
John Madden directed a film starring a Spanish actress born in what year?
1974
What company is Lion Rampant's editor of CEO of?
Paizo Publishing
Kaneji Domoto studied with Frank Lloyd Wright at the estate located in what Wisconsin village?
Spring Green
Who wrote classical style music and is known for writing the "Façade" and the First Symphony, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or William Walton?
Sir William Turner Walton
Who directed the 1993 American fantasy-comedy film in which Angela Paton plays Mrs. Lancaster?
Harold Ramis
This British racing driver came in third at the 2014 Bahrain GP2 Series round and was born in what year
1991
Who has performed as a member of more musical groups, Alexi Laiho or Jónsi?
Laiho
Who directed this 1995 French black-and-white crime drama film that was shown during the run of Moviedrome?
Mathieu Kassovitz
In what year was the artist featured in the "Melodrama World Tour" born?
1996
Live Parc des Princes Paris was a DVD by which Lebanese and English singer?
Mika
Know as an artistic game, this tile based game was originated during what dynasty?
Qing dynasty
Who worked out of Pristina's administrative center in 2008?
Designate Ambassador Naim Mala
Are Philips Videopac + G7400 and Acorn Electron both computer-based systems?
yes
The two small towns', Fenton, Cumbria and Brampton, Carlisle are near this large railway.
Newcastle and Carlisle Railway
What U.S. county has an unincorporated community called Huntsville?
Reno County
The American actor and producer who started his career at age 19 and appeared in Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation has been nominated for how many Academy Awards?
three
Which brother of Felix Katongo won BBC's African Footballer of the Year award in 2012?
Christopher Katongo
Are Istanbul Naval Museum and Armenian Patriarchate of Constantinople autonomous regions?
no
In what year was the composer born with whom Arthur Lourié had a close relationship which is reflected by his music?
1882
In Colour, composed over a five year period, featured which artists?
Young Thug
In what year was the Russian singer who, with Nyusha, replaced Pelageya and Leonid Agutin as coaches on "The Voice Kids" born?
1965
Austrian-born American celebrity chef, restaurateur, occasional actor, and owner of Wolfgang Puck Companies was a patron of a farm in what town?
Rancho Santa Fe, California
Which nationality is shared by Jean-Jacques Favier and Jean-Loup Chrétien?
French
What members of Greek mythology shares the name of the place the argyroeides tricolor moth is found?
Amazons
who produced the animated film that John Kassir acted in?
Salma Hayek
Andrew J. "Andy" O'Donnell went to school in what city, state?
Baltimore, Maryland
The current U.S. Representative of the Texas district that includes Walker County was born in what year? 
1955
Which regional airline owned by Delta Air Lines was originally named Express Airlines?
Endeavor Air
Junko Takeuchi is the voice of Gumball Watterson on a British-American animated television series that was created by Ben Cocquelet for what television station?
Cartoon Network
After directing Bound, The Wachowskis achieved fame with their second film entitled what?
"The Matrix"
Are Yushania and Eleutherococcus in the same family?
no
What English rock band's song was sampled for "Be in a Fix?"
Led Zeppelin
Mastercard Foundation is based at an office complex owned and managed by who?
Cadillac Fairview
What profession does Willi Forst and Alan Taylor have in common?
director
Gilbert F. Casellas is a director of a financial firm that operates in how many other countries outside the US?
over 30
The Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre is located in a borough bounded by what three rivers?
Hudson, East, and Harlem rivers
What American quarterback, born in 1972, played for the Fresno State Bulldogs in the 1992 Freedom Bowl?
Trent Dilfer
Which nine-time Grammy Award-winning gospel group helped found the National Quartet Convention?
The Blackwood Brothers
Do Lo-Pro and The Black Keys work in the same genre of music?
no
In what year was the American voice actress who starred with Dick Van Dyke, Keith Coogan, Derek Barton, June Foray, Stan Freberg, Melanie Gaffin, Wayne Hall, Don Messick, Jason Naylor and Arnold Stang in the TV film "Wrong Way Kid" born?
1935
Frank Bennett is known for his big band renditions of rock and pop singles including a song by an English alternative rock band appeared on their first album named what?
Pablo Honey
Who was the former test, ODI captain and current twenty20 international captain?
Shakib Al Hasan
Adriano Zumbo was known for his fairytale house on an Australian reality competitive cooking game show, that is produced by Shine Australia, and screens where?
Network Ten
What is the name of the film in which the Matthew Marsh was enacted and directed by Tony Scott starring Robert Redford and Brad Pitt?
Spy Game
Thin and Cancer, have which genre in common?
documentary
Who commanded in the British fleet in the battle that is the subject of The Sailor's Daughter?
Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and Horatio Nelson
Samuel Sheffield Snow was a skeptic then later a follower of the teachings of who ?
William Miller
What short lived aircraft, produced for the United States Air Force, is based on a fighter plane armed with four 20 mm cannons?
Northrop F-15 Reporter
How is Noye's Fludde connected to Chester Mystery Plays?
it is based on the 15th-century Chester "mystery
Which porn actress, born in 1980, starred in the movie Pirates in 2005?
Jesse Jane
The USS Thomas Hudner is named after a Medal of Honor soldier who tried to save the life of his wingman, who himself was a recipient of what award?
Distinguished Flying Cross
The founder of The Broadway Theatre Project played the role of "Roxie" in what musical?
"Chicago"
George Marshall and Charles Vidor, have which shared occupation?
film director
Kirk Fell is situated near what mountain that has a height of 892 metres?
Pillar
The 2017 Cronulla-Sutherlan Sharks Season was captained by an Australian born in what year?
1981
What is the name of the book based on the life of Kermit Washington's life after he ended Rudy Tomjanovich's playing career?
The Breaks of the Game
In which year was this slasher film starring Chad Allen and the American actor, singer, and game show host from "Brotherly Love" released?
2001
Pierre Womé and Christian Poulsen shared which athletic profession?
footballer
In what county did Graham Richard serve as mayor from 2000-2008?
Allen County
Memphis Belle starred this man who was born on September 11, 1967
Harry Connick Jr.
What is the birthday of the first manager for Leeds United F.C. in the 2007-08 season?
16 December 1966
Aew both Kodiak Airport and Rickenbacker International Airport located in Ohio?
no
Air Marshal John William "Jake" Newham, is a retired senior commander of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), he took charge of No. 3 Squadron in 1967, when it re-equipped with what, which family of single-seat, single-engine, fighter aircraft developed and manufactured by French aircraft company Dassault Aviation?
Dassault Mirage III
Whate state is CraveOnline based out of?
California
Admiral Sir John David Luce & Bar took part in which Allied attack on the German-occupied port of Dieppe during the Second World War?
Dieppe Raid
Adam Sztaba is a Polish composer, music producer, conductor, arranger and pianist, which international star that's a Dutch pop and jazz singer?
Caroline Esmeralda van der Leeuw
The Black Current is a car by an automaker founded in which year ?
1937
Which CSI star also played a role on Larry David's HBO sitcom "Curb Your Enthusiasm"?
Ted Danson
A Woman's Face starred which actress who began her career as a showgirl?
Joan Crawford
Which NBA legend launched the Aspire cable channel in 2012?
Magic Johnson
Which river separates the city of Albury on its northern side and the city of Wodonga?
Murray River
Tom Knight was drafted by a team founded in which year ?
1898
In which area of south Manchester, England has a population of 100,000 and has Menorah Synagogue?
Wythenshawe
What 2003 American superhero film was X-Men: The Official Game based on?
X2
What is the real name of Imogene "Bubbles" Wilson, who starred in the 1931 American Pre-Code comedy, The Big Shot? 
Mary Nolan
Between Gravel v. United States and Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, which case involved military commissions set up by the Bush administration?
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Fairlane Town center is located in what county?
Wayne County
In what year was the choreographer of "Salome, Where She Danced" born?
1906
The first railway in British North America, the Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad, was built when to track gauge, However the promoters of St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad, (intended to connect Montreal to the ice-free port at Portland, Maine) decided to use , setting a precedent for the colony for several decades, The St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad (reporting mark SLR) , known as St-Laurent et Atlantique Quebec (reporting mark SLQ) in Canada, is a short line railway operating between Portland, Maine, on the Atlantic Ocean and Montreal, Quebec, on the St. Lawrence River?
mid-1830s
John Stoddart designed the stage for what five-act grand opera?
Don Carlos
Which American poet/author, Ezra Pound or L. Ron Hubbard, was responsible for the new religious movement called Scientology?
L. Ron Hubbard
Lenny Murphy is believed to be responsible for ordering the murders of the loyalist gang active in what Irish city?
Belfast
What is the setting for the television drama in which the man playing Sir Richard Carlisle in "Downton Abbey" played the title role?
Galway
Are Boenninghausenia and Catalpa both types of plants?
yes
What film, directed by Bryan Singer, has a video game released by Paradox on the Game Boy Color and PlayStation?
X-Men
Who wrote a hit song that was recorded by LeAnn Rimes?
Diane Warren
What is the full name of the #7 ranked MODELS.COM's Top 25 list of "The Money Guys"?
Jon Kortajarena Redruello
What is the net worth of the actor who played Wai Siu-bo in the film Royal Tramp ?
US$950 million
Which band was formed first Shiny Toy Guns or The Neighbourhood?
Shiny Toy Guns
Jeremy Towns used to attend summer camp for one of his NFL teams in what college?
St. John Fisher College
Terry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic two-part television adaptation starred an American actor best known for playing Mikey Walsh in what 1985 film?
The Goonies
The 1982 Swiss Grand Prix ended in a 3rd place finish for the 3-time F1 champion from what nation?
Austrian
Work: A Story of Experience is the semi-autobiographical novel by a woman who's most famous book was originally published in how many volumes?
two
Woodville North, South Australia and Woodville, South Australia, both are in which city?
Adelaide
Where did this real life mad doctor whose crimes were the inspiration for the film The Human Centipede work at during World War II?
Auschwitz
Can you name the American singer, songwriter who did his studio album named "Secrets"?
Toni Braxton
Are both Beyazıt Tower and Rüstem Pasha Mosque located in Istanbul ?
yes
Who was a Private in the marines who raised the flag on Mount Suribachi?
Franklin Sousley
A casino pit usually includes a table for which game, the most widely-played casino game?
Blackjack
Who went to space first, Christer Fuglesang or Helen Sharman?
Helen Patricia Sharman
What do Failure and The White Stripes have in common?
rock
When does the seventeenth episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-first season which was renewed for by Fox aired?
April 11, 2010
Who founded an independent, postdoctoral research center for theoretical research and intellectual inquiry, that had a Swiss mathematician as a permanent professor ?
Abraham Flexner
Which bakery runs a tour in association with Disney, and sells "The Original San Francisco Sourdough"?
Boudin Bakery
Karty was a writer in the weekly magazine published in what Indian city?
Chennai
Carbrini Sportswear which is owned by JD Sports is based in?
Bury, Greater Manchester, England
Paul Hunters  report "The Fundamental Day" brought attention to the views of this  former Canadian politician who was a former cabinet minister where
Alberta
In what year was the university founded where the PeroxiBase database was created?
1559
Interstate 680 has a southern terminus at the turnpike that is of what length?
241.26 mi
Which city has more counties bordering it, Dezhou or Wugang, Hunan? 
Wugang
Paul Machliss (born 1972) is an Australian film and television editor, he has worked on which 2013 British-American comic science fiction film, directed by Edgar Wright, written by Wright and Simon Pegg?
The World's End
What street circut did Doug Whiteford get his third win at?
Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit
What Star of Center Stage also made an apperance in Mao's Last Dancer?
Amanda Schull
What organization founded by Albus Dumbledore did Snape become a double agent for in the series "Harry Potter"?
Order of the Phoenix
In what year did Carlos Irwin Estevez appear in The Big Bounce?
2004
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the county in which Huntley, Montana is located?
147,972
What Pernod Ricard subsidiary produces the whiskey that has sponsored the Empire awards for six consecutive years?
Irish Distillers
Which Greek astronomer first recorded the NGC 869 and 884 clusters?
Hipparchus
Which NFL teams did the father of Anthony Dorsett play for ?
Dallas Cowboys and Denver Broncos
What is the brand name and model of the car that uses General Motors' F-body platform and that was introduced in 1982 alongside Pontiac?
Chevrolet Camaro
Name one ride located at Warner Bros?
Superman Escape
Tommy Cannon (born Thomas Derbyshire, 27 June 1938) and which English comedian, actor and singer, known collectively as Cannon and Ball, are an English comedy double act best known for their comedy variety show "?The Cannon and Ball Show", which lasted for nine years on ITV?
Bobby Ball
What is the premier date of the Indian Hindi-language film in which Saanand Verma plays the role of Anokhe Lal Saxena?
March 02, 2015
Do the genera Bloomeria and Weigela describe species that live in the same region?
no
Who died first, Leoš Janáček or Gustave Charpentier?
Leoš Janáček
Who recorded the album Replica Replica in beachside town located in the far-northeastern corner of the state of New South Wales, Australia?
Red Riders
Lindsay Parker played the role of Carrie in a 1987 film based on a book by what author?
V. C. Andrews
What was released first, Coco or The Nightmare Before Christmas?
The Nightmare Before Christmas
When was the attorney and cofounder of the Miami Dolphins born?
July 7, 1916
Who made this Irish whiskey- and cream-based liqueur owned by Diageo that is comparable to Brady's Irish Cream?
Gilbeys of Ireland
 A town in and the county seat of Granite County, Montana, United States was named after a famous mining engineer, where was the engineer active? 
Western United States
Who operates the shopping centre where The Arcadia Hotel was formerly located?
Scentre Group
When was the university of which Reed College is a part founded?
1946
The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team included which now-Tennessee Titan quarterback?
Marcus Ardel Taulauniu Mariota
Who co-produced the album We're a Happy Family: A Tribute to Ramones started by Johnny Ramone?
Rob Zombie
Where is Patricia Ann McGee's tribe located?
Arizona
What stadium is home to a team once coached by the current offensive coordinator at Ohio State University?
Memorial Stadium
Who was a Soviet mathematician active in number theory, probability theory and mathematical statistics, Boris Galerkin or Yuri Linnik ?
Yuri Vladimirovich Linnik
What resident of Howard County, Maryland appeared alongside 187 Fac in America is Dying Slowly?
Biz Markie
Which National Hockey League (NHL) team did the man, who is a notable alumnus of the Sweden men's national inline hockey team, play for?
New York Rangers
The war that included The First Battle of Taku Forts took place in what years?
1856 to 1860
Godsized an English rock band, were the subject of feature articles and reviews, in which UK-based magazine; devoted to rock music?
Kerrang!
Codename: Kids Next Door was created by what American animator who created the short "Kenny and the Chimp"?
Thomas Warburton
The union Eric of Pomerania was king of joined how many kingdoms under a single monarch?
three
The Durham Bulls are a Triple-A minor league baseball team that currently plays in the International League, the Bulls became internationally famous following the release of the 1988 movie "Bull Durham" starring Susan Abigail Sarandon, an American actress and activist, born on which date?
October 4, 1946
Anny Ondra (15 May 1903 – 28 February 1987) was a Czech film actress, she was married to German boxing great Max Schmeling, Maximillian Adolph Otto Siegfried "Max" Schmeling (] ; 28 September 1905 – 2 February 2005) was a German boxer who was heavyweight champion of the world between 1930 and which year?
1932
The pornographic film Animal Farm starred a Danish performer born in what village near Copenhagen?
Hundige
Which is a group of food stores, Lam Research or Darden Restaurants?
Darden Restaurants
The Baltimore Orioles current majority owner is of what nationality?
American
What is the name of this ninth novel by an English author, first published as a serial between March 1852 and September 1853, which contained a famous photograph posed by Oscar Rejlander in an episode that inspired the name of the film The Death of Poor Joe? 
Bleak House
Who wrote the biography of the convicted murderer who was born on February 21, 1961?
Frank Girardot
Who is the owner of both SM City Olongapo and SM Supermalls?
SM Prime Holdings
Are Radio Iodine and Talk Talk both from the United States?
no
What Warner Bros series of comedy short films had a feature called Tom Turk and Daffy?
Looney Tunes
What award did the documentary Fight Life, which featured mma stars like Herschel Walker, win at the 2013 United Film Festival?
Best Documentary Award
Patrick Seitz was a part of a Japanese manga series that chronicles the efforts of the mysterious and secret Hellsing Organization that was written by who
Kouta Hirano
Harold Ellis played basketball at the African American college in what city?
Atlanta, Georgia
Where is Plug Power located in relation to Albany, New York?
north
What defunct American subscription service was VEU similar to?
ONTV
When was the American comedy film released which was written by Herschel Alan Weingrod with  Murray Salem?
December 21, 1990
Who was the main designer of the horror video game, to which, Allison Road was considered to be a spiritual successor ?
Hideo Kojima
Which star of "Go" was also in "Quiz Show"?
William Fichtner
Where did Jeff Meyer serve as an assistant basketball coach under Kelvin Sampson?
Indiana University
Tashi Dorjeperforms as a soloist with a performing-arts and entertainment company formed in whichcity ?
New York City
What is the elevation of the highest point of the highest peak through which Mount Washington Auto Road runs?
6288.2 ft
Faygo and Tango, are which type of beverages?
soft drink
What rock band was formed in 1983 and sang "Snow ((Hey Oh))"?
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Do the genuses Amberboa and Gentianopsis belong to the same family?
no
what country was the banner song "Forward! Forward! Blare the bright fanfares" sung in 1922?
Germany
Stepping Out was a British dancing talent show that included what British dancer who was a principal dancer with the Royal Ballet?
Wayne Philip Colin Sleep
Who is the singer younger brother of the man with a discography that consists of two studio albums, one compilation album, five singles, and four music videos?
Aaron Carter
Where is the location of the state secondary school Agnes Body was the founding head of (Apart from Queen Margaret's School)?
on "Wragby Road" in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England
Which British actor and theatre director born in 1875 is the grandparent of Benedict Campbell?
Sir Lewis Casson
Which sport did Poompat Sapkulchananart play at a competition that took place from November 30 to December 9, 2006?
Badminton
Which Topic covered in Going to Meet the Man is about a relation that was strategic and significant, culminating in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ?
African-American–Jewish relations
Little Leaper and the world's oldest rollercoaster are attractions at Lakemont Park in which U.S. state?
Pennsylvania
What was this Grammy award category originally called that Jay-Z's "Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life" won at the 1999 Grammy Awards?
Gramophone Awards
What position did the star of Mean Machine play?
midfielder
Who is the primary songwriter of the band who originally played "Wo Adlers wagen"?
Steve Harris
Who produce Rihanna song co-written by Bibi Bourelly?
Deputy
Which star of Houdini was born on March 4, 1965 ?
Stacy Edwards
In what city is the university at which Margaret White served as a law lecturer primarily located?
Brisbane
The the protagonist in the first fictional film directed by José Padilha was played by who?
Wagner Maniçoba
Ryan Held was part of the 4x100m freestyle team in 2016 that included the swimmer with how many medals, most in history?
28
The sound engineer for the album João Gilberto was born and raised in Rhode Island but moved to where in 1962?
New York City
Richard Jefferies wrote and executive produced which 2003 mystery film?
Cold Creek Manor
What was released earlier, The Shaggy Dog or James and the Giant Peach
The Shaggy Dog
The Wometco Home Theater (WHT) was an early pay television service in the New York City area, that was owned by Miami-based Wometco Enterprises, the signals were broadcast beginning in August 1977, and later on WSNL-TV (channel 67) out of Smithtown, a town in Suffolk County, New York, in which country?
United States
When was the church St James railway station is named after first consecrated?
February 1824
What song writer has won two Grammys and written "I Could Be Persuaded"?
Don Schlitz
What is the 55th Disney animated feature film, The Happiest Millionaire or Zootopia ?
Zootopia
Jeanne-Françoise Valliccioni, is the second and current wife of Prince Charles Napoléon, who claims to be the dynastic representative, of which imperial and royal European dynasty founded in 1804 by Napoleon I, a French military leader who had risen to notability out of the French Revolution and who in 1804 transformed the First French Republic into the First French Empire?
House of Bonaparte
Which magazine was published first, Video Watchdog or The Weekly Standard?
Video Watchdog
The musical "The Players" starrs Freddy dos Santos, Raymond Kvisvik, Kristofer Hæstad and Øyvind Svenning. and another footballer that plays what position for the club Tromsø?
winger
After being the Polish military attaché in Paris, Aleksander Kawałkowski became the consul general of a city on what river?
Deûle River
Magical girl is a subgenre found in which American animated television series first shown by Disney in 2015?
Star vs. the Forces of Evil
What is the birthdate of this American jazz and pop music singer, dancer, actress, and civil rights activist, who was part of the 1970 studio album with Harry Belafonte?
June 30, 1917
Which filmmaker is a documentarian, Ulrike Ottinger or William Dieterle?
Ulrike Ottinger
Who directed the film, in which this actress who played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama "Downton Abbey" appeared alongside Kevin Spacey?
Edgar Wright
Matt Schultz is the lead singer of a band from which state?
Kentucky
What is the name of the character in 24, who acted also in Spider-Man 2, and a 2007 Quentin Tarantino movie.
Claudia Hernandez
In which year was this American novelist, playwright and essayist who wrote the novella "The Body Artist" born?
1936
By what nicknames was the elder brother of Matilda of Franconia called ?
the Black or the Pious
What languages does the electronic payment program Payson.se work in?
Swedish and Finnish
What music festival is produced by the frontman of the band releasing their fourth studio album October 18, 2011?
Lollapalooza
Are the bands "Smash Mouth" and "Before Their Eyes" from the same state?
no
What date did the band consisting of Alex Turner and Miles Kane release their second single?
7 July 2008
What country of origin does Minions and Sandra Bullock have in common?
American
What is the name of the 2002 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen that starred Yasuaki Kurata as the villain?
So Close
What is the name of the Venezuelan-owned company headquartered in Houston, Texas and also the name of a gas station in Independent Hill, Virginia?
Citgo
Ralph Rene distributed a pamplet about attacks against who?
the United States
What is the original publish date of the magazine that later contained Amy Tan's first published essay?
September 1944
Polytechnic University of Bari and Howard University, are located in Italy?
no
Jack Belden, was an American war correspondent who covered which military conflict fought primarily between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan from July 7, 1937 to September 9, 1945?
Second Sino-Japanese War
 Willis W. Harman worked to foster research through an American non-profit research institute co-founded by what former astronaut?
Edgar Mitchell
Kevin Stanley Beeston FCMA is chairman of Taylor Wimpey plc and Equiniti Group plc, Senior Independent Director of Severn Trent plc, Non-Executive Director of which British brewery and pub operator, that it operates over 1,700 pubs in the UK, and is the world's largest brewer of cask ale?
Marston Group Limited
What is a song danced to by the English dance duo Signature that was composed by Rod Temperton and produced by Quincy Jones?
Thriller
What actress born in 1968 starred in The Halcyon?
Olivia Williams
The 1947 New Year Honours were appointments by many of the Commonwealth Realms of this King of the United Kingdom who was also the last Emporer of what nation?
Emperor of India
In which Nevada county on the north shore of Lake Tahoe did commodities trader Edward Arthur Seykota live? 
Washoe County
Among 'Fire From the Heartland' documentary stars who is an American politician and represented Minnesota's 6th congressional district  from 2007 to 2015?
Michele Marie Bachmann
What country of origin do he George Hotel, Reading and The Oracle, Reading have in common?
England
When was the current Member of Parliament of the Labour Party born? 
24 December 1954
Lindsey Buckingham and Dallas Taylor both fulfill which identical role in each of their respective acts?
vocalist
which Russian composer did  Arseny Golenishchev-Kutuzov wrote his text  
Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky
The 1973 Virginia Slims of Boston was won by which retired Australian player?
Margaret Court
What neighboring suburb of O'Halloran Hill has a population of more than 12,000 people?
Hallett Cove
The Johann Strauss Orchestra has hosted which operatic soprano?
Carmen Monarcha
Which country house is located near the River Lune?
Littledale Hall
Who wrote and directed this 2013 European two-part art film, starring Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Mia Goth?
Lars von Trier
In which town is maker of the Delemont collection located?
Ibach
Were both Shirley Clarke and Jim Henson American?
yes
Which eatery sell more variety of food, Gino's East or Bearno's?
Gino's East
Are Adrienne Barbeau and Robert Zildjian both singers?
no
"Live Forever" is a song released as the third single from which debut studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 29 August 1994 by Creation Records?
Definitely Maybe
Which was a feminist magazine, Harpies and Quines or Suitcase?
Harpies and Quines
When was the Indian musician; exponent of the sitar; and contemporary of Ravi Shankar and Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee who had the initials V. K. born?
28 August 1928
The singer that performed "Love You I Do" in the film "Dreamgirls" was a finalist on the 3rd season of what show?
American Idol
Pete Zedlacher is a comedian who has been to the location that is how far from the north pole?
817 km
Which School Ties star was born on October 26, 1971 ?
Anthony Rapp
Which person who contributed to the classic story of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen is an American musical theatre and film score composer and pianist?
Alan Irwin Menken
Are Marie Claire and Saveur both magazines?
yes
 Moderat is the self-titled first studio album by electronic music project Moderat, consisting of Modeselektor and a German electronic musician who was previously the co-owner of what?
Shitkatapult records
Lakeview, Alabama is located atop what part of the southern tip of the Appalachians?
Sand Mountain
What is the name of the tenth studio album of Sandra Ann Lauer? 
Stay in Touch
What type of music hails from a 25600 acre cotton plantation and sawmill in Mississippi which was built from scratch by Will Dockery and home to Charley Patton?
Delta blues
Who painted the wife of King Philip IV of Spain in 1635?
Velázquez
Who composed the symphony dedicated to the 1st Viscount St Alban?
Alan Hovhaness
Bob Basset has been published in the art magazine that is a sister publication to what other magazine?
Fortean Times
Which battle did Friedrich Bertram Sixt von Armin participate in from July to November 1917?
Battle of Passchendaele
What record label released the album containing "All Toorrow's Parties"?
Verve Records
What American novelist and young-adult and children's writer mentioned Middleborough in her short story "Saint Helene"?
Alice Hoffman
We All Go a Little Mad Sometimes was an episode from which American supernatural drama?
The Vampire Diaries
Fever Pitch stars the actor who was a cast member on which sketch program?
Saturday Night Live
What multinational banking and financial services corporation sponsored the 2007 Lexus Cup?
DBS Banks
Which retired Toronto Raptors basketball player assisted coach Josh Pastner in 2012-13 for the Memphis Tigers?
Damon Stoudamire
What is the nickname of the National Hockey League player born in Helsinki who played 21 NHL seasons?
"The Finnish Flash"
Khizir Khan spoke at the convention in Philadelphia that nominated which person for Democratic presidential candidate?
Hillary Clinton
In Batman: Streets of Gotham, what are the names of the Gotham city sirens?
Catwoman, Harley Quinn, and Poison Ivy.
VTES 3rd Edition (Third) is a complete base set for White Wolf's trading card game released on September 4, 2006, nonetheless the expansion won the 2007 Fan Awards for best trading card expansion, by which organization, Originally, a magazine was named InQuest, and focused solely on collectible card games ?
InQuest Gamer
Which publication, The Brown Spectator or Tall Timber Short Lines, was the result of a student independent project?
The Brown Spectator
When was the actor who plays a billionaire playboy in a television series based on a DC Comics Character born?
May 8, 1981
Jonkheer Douwe Sirtema van Grovestins (Leeuwarden, Brussels, 1710 – February 26, 1778) was a Frisian courtier at the court of which stadtholder, that was the first hereditary Stadtholder of all the United Provinces?
William IV, Prince of Orange-Nassau
What is the nationality of the author of Hamlet?
English
Who is from farther west, Jeff Buckley or Beth Orton?
Jeffrey Scott "Jeff" Buckley
What annual Marathon is named after a japanese multinational corporation, Asics?
The Stockholm Marathon
Which airport is closer in proximity to Richmond County, Georgia, Augusta Regional Airport, or Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport?
Augusta Regional Airport
What type of media does Hocus Pocus and Ten Who Dared have in common?
film
James Agee wrote what autobiographical novel that was adapted into a play?
A Death in the Family
The Wester Australia cricket team's current captain was born in what year?
1991
The Música + Alma + Sexo World Tour was created by the singer and actor who began his career with what group?
Menudo
Which is a genus of trees in the Malvaceae family,  Ceiba or Austrocedrus?
Ceiba
What profession does Gertrude Stein and Clifford Odets have in common?
playwright
What nickname was given to the man who carried out an attack on the Admiral Duncan pub ?
London Nail Bomber
The international ice hockey tournament held in 1976 featuring one of the greatest hockey players of all time Bobby Orr was called by what name?
1976 Canada Cup
Brigadier Stanley James Ledger Hill oversaw the evacuation of Brussels as well as the beach at De Panne during the evacuation of Dunkirk under which Field Marshall?
Field Marshal John Standish Surtees Prendergast Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort
Bernard Malamud created a novel that was turned into a 1984 movie starring the creator of what event?
Sundance Film Festival
What is the occupation of the first wife of Robert Kardashian?
American television personality
 Love Song is a 2000 film that stars an actor known for his roles in the televsion shows "Angel", "Leverage", "The Librarians" and what?
Into the West
What company was founded by the businesswoman who established the Eastern Congo Initiative?
williamsworks
 The Battle of Champions took place at the chapel near the tower in what country?
Scotland
Many norwegian cuisine such as Pultost is a result of using conserved materials with respect to what season?
the long winters
Which band was formed in Seattle, Washington, Pop Will Eat Itself or Soundgarden?
Soundgarden
The Stewards were officially an organization of guards that were to protect a politician born in what year?
1896
Which county is Emily Phillipa Jacobson from?
DeKalb County
Are Bishop International Airport and Cherry Capital Airport located in the same state?
yes
Who directed the film Jeremy Dawson was nominated for an Academy Award for at the 87th Academy Awards?
Wes Anderson
Which hurricane did this nor'easter that happened a year before the December 1992 nor'easter absorb and evolve back into a small hurricane?
Hurricane Grace
The female lead in Kiss Them for Me (1957) was a major Hollywood sex symbol during which decades?
1950s and early 1960s
The 1990–91 NBA season was the Rockets' 24th season in the National Basketball Association, and 20th season in the city of Houston, the Rockets continued to play .500 basketball during the first half of the season as which Nigerian-American former professional basketball player, formerly known as Akeem Olajuwon?
Hakeem Abdul Olajuwon
Rebecca Budig potrayed the role of Hayden Barnes in a hospital soap opera on what television network?
ABC
Millian Dollar Challenge is hosted by Chris Rose, and features what Canadian professional poker player who has won six World Series of Poker bracelets?
Daniel Negreanu
In what year was Mario Götze described as one of the best talents Germany has ever had?
2010
What Author published works under the pen names of Rachel Ryan, Laura Jordan, and Erin St. Claire, published a romance novel in 1992, and made the New York Times bestseller list?
Sandra Lynn Brown
Were Dez Fafara and Ken both singers?
yes
What video album contains songs from the third studio album by No Doubt?
Rock Steady Live
Dadi Denis studied at a Maryland college whose name was changed in 1890 to honor what man?
Reverend Lyttleton Morgan
What year did the Keoni Waxman film about a young person who is disguises his skill in a sport or game come out?
2005
What author, who the Princess Sarah anime series is based on, also wrote The Secret Garden?
Frances Hodgson Burnett
W. Davis Merritt was an editor of a newspaper owned by who?
The McClatchy Company
What year was the band who had a Counterparts Tour formed?  
1968
Which of these is in the grass family, Mertensia or Cymbopogon?
Cymbopogon
John Taylor Wood served on a Civil War ship which engaged in battle with what iron-hulled steamship in one of the most famous naval battles in Civil War and U.S. Naval history?
USS "Monitor"
What ballad is the lullaby written and composed by Effie Crockett based on?
Lillibullero
Maryse Alberti was a cinematographer who worked on the Todd Haynes drama film set in Britain during what time period?
1970s
What is the ratio of the building material that is named for the Latin word "crushed" and sand used to stabilize buildings?
1:5
Other then Josh Deu and Win butler who else is in Arcade fire?
Régine Chassagne and younger brother Will Butler
Leonid Kantorovich and Vladimir Arnold both acted as what in the Soviet Union?
mathematician
In early September 2009, Robert Flores was replaced by which American sportscaster who has been an anchor for ESPN since 1996?
John Buccigross
Who lived a longer life Hampar Kelikian or Arthur T. Gregorian?
Arthur T. Gregorian
Which record producer wrote "Love Story"?
Taylor Swift
When was the Colombian drug lord which was one of the Medellín Cartel with Jorge Luis Ochoa Vásquez born? 
1 December 19492
Once Upon a Time in London is an upcoming British crime film directed by Simon Rumley, the film is about the notorious gangsters Billy Hill and which English gangster, that died on 12 March 1996?
Jack Comer
Who is the writer of the 2011 sci-fi thriller starring Warren Christie?
Brian Miller
What is the name of this current children's park in Pleasure Beach Blackpool, England, that features a roller coaster name Blue Flyer?
Nickelodeon Land
Nathan Lyon was born in the largest town in what council?
Hilltops Council
The Protecting Internet Freedom Act was introduced by a senator from which state ?
Texas
What by birth is the woman who was to get married to Prince Charles known by?
Infanta of Spain
What is the name of the only "Des Moines" cruiser that still exists?
USS "Salem"
Which American sports drama television series on VH1 series created by James LaRosa features Jonathan McDaniel?
Hit the Floor
Are Peter Faiman and Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast from the same country?
no
What rugby game featured James Harris in 2012 and 2013?
The Varsity Match
Which instrument was the pre-eminent one in the five books of sonatas and the twelve "concerti grossi" published by Benjamin Cooke?
violin
Warner von Trapp, the grandfather of The von Trapps, was the inspiration for what movie?
The Sound of Music
What city is both the site of the Staples Center and the hometown of Motley Crüe?
Los Angeles
Michael H. Weber was part of the team who wrote the screenplay for the 2013 comedy-drama directed by whom?
James Ponsoldt
Are Hunchun and Xinmin, Liaoning both country-level cities?
yes
The event that caused Sir Christopher Wren to design a new cathedral consumed how many houses?
13,200
What is the name of the beer brewed and bottled in Bremen, Germany, that is also the name of Bob Saget's girlfriend on Entourage plated by Katarina Van Derham?
St. Pauli Girl
Kula Shaker and AFI are both what?
rock band
What year was the American sports drama film, directed by Oliver Stone and features music by Mike Reagan, released?
1999
How long did the award run in which the Best Newcomer at the 2008 Edinburgh Festival Fringe was also a notable finalist?
decade
What is the nationality of the host of "Public Opinion"?
English
What year was the last time LSU Tigers had held the title they earned on January 4, 2004 at the Louisiana Superdome?
1958
Which musician sang with Throwing Muses, Tanya Donelly or Limahl?
Tanya Donelly
Partners is the thirty-fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Barbra Streisand, the collection features her first studio-recorded duet with her American son, his name?
Jason Gould
Who was one of the earliest colonists of the "Father of Texas and after who's name the Bellville city named?
Thomas B. Bell
The Battle of Ostrach, occurred on 20–21 March 1799, which Austrian field-marshal,had victory in the battle, under his command?
Archduke Charles of Austria, Duke of Teschen
Who is younger, George Piranian or Colton Ford?
Colton Ford
How many Tony Awards have been won by Al Isarael's co-star in "Carlito's Way"?
two
In which role the Swedish professional ice hockey plays who is currently playing for a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta?
defenceman
What was the release date of Seal's album that was produced by the Chairman of Verve Records from 2012 to 2016?
20 September 2010
Which former tennis player played for the United States, Iván Molina or Alex O'Brien?
Alex O'Brien
Five Style (a name taken from a martial arts technique called "Five Style Fist"), also known as 5ive Style, is a Chicago-based funk/jam quartet, members were major players of the 1990s Chicago music scene and included which American alternative rock band based in Chicago, Illinois?
Wilco
Which has more species Lamium or Colletia?
Lamium
What record label are the duo of Chad Cisneros and David Reed associated with?
Mainstage Music
Compiler was originally published in a magazine first issued when? 
January 25, 1986
"Stricken" is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed, themusical video for the song was filmed in an abandoned hospital in which some scenes from the horror film "A Nightmare on Elm Street", released in which year, were filmed?
1984
The 1988 Stanley Cup playoffs were won by a team who play in what division of the Western Conference?
Pacific Division
Which song recorded by the American rapper Eminem, and featuring the Barbadian singer Rihanna did Alexander Grant produce?
Love the Way You Lie
what types of jobs does Thomas Massie have
American engineer and politician
What rank was the lead single from the album "Women in Technology"  in the United States?
23
What album produced by George Martin was supposed to contain a song that ended up unreleased until 1996?
Help!
Who inspired a Beatles song appearing on the same album as Glass Onion?
Prudence Farrow
Kendra Wilkinson has appeared in nude pictorials with the model and actress known for her role on which reality series?
The Girls Next Door
When was the relative of Karl Freudenthal died who was a German war criminal and lawyer who worked for the Nazi Party during the 1920s and 1930s?
16 October 1946
Nasreddin or Nasreddin Hodja, was a Seljuq satirical Sufi, born in Hortu Village in Sivrihisar, Eskişehir Province, in which present-day country, and considered a philosopher of Populism?
Turkey
Which American rapper released the albums Encore and Infinite?
Eminem
What show does Saturday night cast member star in as Jay Sherman?
"The Critic"
Which part of the United Kingdom was the venue for the 2003 Special Olympics World Summer Games roller skating events?
Northern Ireland
How many state senators are in the legislature that Lawrence Gates has been able to make gains in for the Democrats during his tenure?
40
The Juniper Passion is set during which assaults against the Winter Line?
Battle of Monte Cassino
Stephen Marley is a British author and video game designer, which English actress, did he voice directed, for PlayStation, that was born on 28 May 1956?
Julie May Peasgood
Which Italian Catholic priest and Renaissance humanist  is best known for his textual analysis that proved that the Donation of Constantine was a forgery?
Lorenzo (or Laurentius) Valla
American country music songwriter Liz Rose, worked extensively with what singer-songwriter, on songs like Teardrops on My Guitar, release February 19, 2007?
Taylor Swift
Anywhere but Home is a DVD that includes all four music videos by which debut studio album from Evanescence?
Fallen
What is the name of this Japanese company founded in 1986 by the current president Hitoshi Yasuda and that created Sword World RPG?
Group SNE
The Fano resonance was first discovered by a physicist that disappeared under mysterious circumstances in what year?
1938
which medalist in the 2004 Commonwealth Youth Games is a former British recold holder in the 100 metres hurdles, the high jump and the indoor pentathlon?
Jessica Ennis-Hill
What type of lighthouse once stood in the Mississippi Sound north of The Pass?
a screw-pile lighthouse
Are Nick Carter and Ben Folds from the same country?
yes
The 1925 Saint Mary's Gaels football team represented what private, coeducational college in Moraga, California?
Saint Mary's College of California
Which American physician co found Charles Horace Mayo
Augustus W. Stinchfield
Otto Addo is currently the assistant manager of a German football club founded in what year?
1900
What is the third most widespread species of rat in the world, which was partially responsible for the extinction of the Kauaʻi ʻōʻō?
Polynesian rat
Which one is an alternative rock band, The Wolfhounds or Recovery Child?
Recovery Child
Which of the film that Ari Handel co-wrote is a 2014 American epic biblical drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky?
Noah
What school is a group of composers, interpreted by the soprano Alessandra Marc and was initially characterized by expanded tonality and Schoenberg's own evolution? 
Second Viennese School
Which Disney movie stars an actress who also starred in the Disney series "Kickin' It"?
Girl vs. Monster
Henry Bolton Graham Eyres-Monsell was  recommended for the MBE for his services to security during the planning stages of Operation Torch, the British-United States invasion of French North Africa during the North African Campaign of which world war?
the Second
While Worcester Polytechnic Institute is a private research university, what is California State University, Bakersfield?
public university
Anthony DeSclafani previously played for a team that is a member of which league and division ?
the National League (NL) East division
What menu item does Papa Gino's and LaRosa's Pizzeria have in common?
pizza
Who created the television series in which Sean Harris had the role of Micheletto Corella ?
Neil Jordan;
What is the independent private, co-educational, day and boarding school in a town with a population of 3,677?
High Mowing School
Where are the headquarters of the church founded by Dag Heward-Mills?
Accra, Ghana
What 16h century church is near  the seat of Portugese Macau's government?
St. Dominic's Church
Are Gene Loves Jezebel and Disciple from the same country?
no
Which national forest (apart from the Pisgah National Forest) does this river, of which Spring Creek is a tributary stream, drain?
Cherokee National Forest
Giacomo Domenico Mario Antonio Pasquale Giuseppe Tritto, was an Italian composer, known primarily for his 54 operas, amongst his pupils were Vincenzo Bellini, around which year?
1821
When did the club for which Bobby Shuttleworth presently plays begins play? 
2017
What is the other name for the world's largest dōjinshi fair, held twice a year in Tokyo, Japan that was the location of the first release of a Japanese adult dōjin visual novel created by Type-Moon in 2000?
Comic Market
Is Czesław Śpiewa from the same country as Wolf Parade?
no
What type of media does Caracal and The Weeknd have in common?
music
"Habla Blah Blah", is a song by Mexican recording artist, and songwriter Gloria Trevi, and was released on which date?
August 1, 2014
 The President of the United States who was involved in the Teapot Dome scandal and Nan Britton were the parents of what daughter?
Elizabeth Ann Blaesing
Frank Lennon was know for taking photographs regarding which sport at the Summit Series?
ice hockey
 Susan E. Dietter, usually credited as Susie Dietter, is an American director, known primarily for her work on television cartoons, she also worked as an animator for Looney Tunes, a modern-day American animated series of comedy short films produced by which organization, from 1930 to 1969?
Warner Bros.
What is the name of the German Army's standard machine gun that has a narrow constructive relationship with the MG 11?
MG 08
Who was the coach of the team that the 2008 Kansas Jayhawks football team finished the regular season with a victory over?
Gary Pinkel
Which forested highland is located in Lower Austria and Vienna?
Vienna Woods
What agency did the breakout star of Lee Kyoung-mi's 2008 directorial effort?
Cube Entertainment
The Incredibles and Never a Dull Moment, are American films, which company made them both?
Walt Disney
Is Mark Shuttleworth or Ivan Bella a Slovak Air Force officer?
Ivan Bella (born 25 May 1964 in Brezno, Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia)) is a Slovak Air Force officer
What actor born in 1938 starred in the 1972 film Deliverance?
Jon Voight
What was the real name of the criminal in which a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film was based on?
Michael Gordon Peterson
What job did both Paul Claudel and Ryūnosuke Akutagawa hold?
writer
Furka–Oberalp-Bahn Deh 4/4 I was operated in which southwestern Swiss canton?
Valais
Who contributes the sole guest verse on Jay-Z's album that includes the song "Song Cry"?
Eminem
In what Rock film did Sylvestor Stallone star with a family member?
Rocky V
The tennis player who partnered with Peter Flemin in 1979 Wimbledon Championships was born in which year?
1959
Park Bo-young was in what him film
Scandal Makers
Which film was released first, The BFG or Perri?
Perri
Which member of the Chrissie and Jane Australian breakfast show was born in January 1971?
Jane Hall
Which guitarist played for both The Dandy Warhols and Pete International Airport?
Peter Holmström
are Jorge Amado and Anna Quindlen authors?
yes
What is the county seat of a county located in the U.S. state of Nevada where the Sheep Range is found?
Pioche
Which British poet's writings were the basis for In the Region of the Summer Stars?
Charles Williams
What brand released the games "Sorry" and "Montezuma's Revenge"?
Hasbro
Which American neo-noir science fiction film was the film to which 2036: Nexus Dawn was a prequel?
Blade Runner 2049
What was the 2010 population of the city in which the West Texas Wildcatters played their home games at the Ector County Coliseum?
118,918
Are Dashiell Hammett and Julio Cortázar both nationals of the same country ?
no
Which drink is more ingrained in a particular nation's culture, Rum Swizzle or Mulled wine?
Rum Swizzle
In The Simpsons episode "Apocalypse Cow" who voices the father of the farm girl Mary?
Hank Azaria
William E. Kapelle is a medieval historian at a university in a city which was the prototype for what?
19th century industrial city planning
Forward for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team and who wears The "Nike Hypervenom" was born on what day? 
born 31 October 1997
What year was the United Nations Security Council resolution 1067 adopted after noting various resolutions by the International Civil Aviation Organization?
1996
At which University, did the LA Rams player who made his NFL debut in November 1990 against the New York Giants, finish college ?
University of Southern Mississippi
Michael Bennett Jr., is an American football defensive end for which sports team, of the National Football League (NFL), he is the brother of which American football tight end for the Green Bay Packers? 
Seattle Seahawks
What United Kingdom government is based in "The Doughnut" in the suburbs of Cheltenham and works alongside MI5 as part of the United Kingdom's intelligence machinery?
Government Communications Headquarters
When was Dwayne Johnson's father born? 
August 24, 1944
Name the doubles partner who assisted an American professional tennis player known primarily as a doubles specialist and current tennis broadcaster for ESPN, defeat Larisa Savchenko and Natasha Zvereva in the 1989 Virginia Slims Championships?
Navratilova
Hezekiah Davis III was raised in a city that had how many inhabitants in 1900 ?
3,380
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1967 British film made based on the novel of the same name by a writer who wrote the biography of which band ?
the Beatles
Sylvia Robinson produced a 1979 song what group whose fifth album was released in 1999?
The Sugarhill Gang
The current holder of the Frank J. Selke Trophy was born in which year ?
1985
A Comedy Roast is a British comedy television show broadcast by Channel 4, hosted by who, it saw Bruce Forsyth, Sir Bruce Joseph Forsyth-Johnson, (22 February 1928 – 18 August 2017) was a British presenter, actor, comedian, singer, dancer, and screenwriter whose career spanned more than 75 years?
Jimmy Carr
"Death on Two Legs" was released on the fourth album by the band Queen, relaesed by which UK company?
EMI Records
Who directed the film in which Charlie Rowe played Billy Costa ?
Chris Weitz,
Marvin Camel was born in what Montana county?
Lake County
Encore Las Vegas, is a luxury resort, casino and hotel located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, the resort is connected to its sister resort, Wynn Las Vegas; both are owned by which publicly traded corporation based on the Las Vegas Strip, Nevada that is a developer and operator of high end hotels and casinos?
Wynn Resorts
What kind of albums has Arjen Anthony Lucassen produced that would be considered "concept albums"?
Rock operas
Are Richie McDonald and Warrel Dane from the same country?
yes
Were Morris West and João Guimarães Rosa of the same nationality?
no
 Mary Cappello is featured in guest author blogs for this chain of bookstores in what us city?
Portland, Oregon
Cecil Rutherford "Rud" Rennie was a friend to an American Major League Baseball center fielder prehaps best known for his what?
56-game hitting streak
Which full-size SUV from General Motors platform was  Hummer H2  based on 
The Chevrolet Tahoe
Husband of Orfeh is best known for performing in what?
musical theatre
Triple Five Group owns the retail complex in what New Jersey city?
East Rutherford
The 18th Empire Awards are presented by a magazine first issued when? 
July 1989
Which team did the 2015 New York Jets head coach play as safety for during his NFL career?
Washington Redskins
Redcon-1 includes the co-producer who produced the American Hong Kong action comedy film released in what year?
2003
The Best: Make the Music Go Bang! includes liner notes by an American skateboard legend who is one of the original members of the Zephyr Competition Skateboarding Team, which is famously known as what?
Z-Boys
Lasting from 1801 to 1898 the Peerage of the United Kingdom added this prominent lawyer judge?
Thomas Denman
What year's presidential election involved a campaign to elect Ted Kaczynski as a write-in candidate?
1996
Who is the Indian singer that sang Goro Ki Na Kaalo Ki?
Usha Mangeshkar
Are Brigitte and Nesf El Donya both women's magazines?
yes
In which year was Maxima Chan Zuckerberg's mother born?
born February 24, 1985
What is the population of this town in Cumberland County, Maine, where Bridgeton is located?
5,210
Ariane Rinehart, is an American actress and singer, and is best known for her performance in "The Sound of Music Live!", as the eldest von Trapp daughter, named what, Corvette Captain Georg Johannes Ritter von Trapp, often incorrectly referred to as Baron (Freiherr) von Trapp, was an Austro-Hungarian Navy officer?
Liesl
Are both Claudio Monteverdi and Gaetano Donizetti Italian composers?
yes
Can you name one of the highest mountains in Maine which is named after a 36000 acre state-owned nature reserve which is also home to Flagstaff Lake where the North and South Branch Dead Rivers meet?
Mount Bigelow
Which plant is spread across Europe, Dyckia or Fraxinus?
Fraxinus
The Paramaccan live in the forested interior of a country that borders what other country to the south?
Brazil
What language family is the language of the tribe of the man who instructed Jeff Ball in?
Muskogean
What was originally the primary focus of the sci-fi magazine Starlog, which included among its editors Robert Greenberg?
Star Trek
In which 2013 American heist thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier did this two-time Academy Award nominee of the television sitcom "Cheers" appear?
Now You See Me
In which score the Argentine squad won where Sergio Gonella was appointed to referee?
3–1
How many counties are there on the Island where the 2009 United States Open Championship was held ?
four
The British Aerospace ATP (Advanced Turbo-Prop) is an airliner produced by British Aerospace, by the time it entered the market, the segment was already well represented by designs such as the ATR 72 is a twin-engine turboprop, short-haul regional airliner developed and produced in which two countries, by aircraft manufacturer ATR?
France and Italy
Where is a cultural region in eastern France and is known to be the commune for Kœtzingue?
Alsace
Bonner Bolton performed as a stunt double for the son of which actor?
Clint Eastwood
What is the population of the town in Rockingham County, where Benjamin F. Prescott was an American lawyer, newspaper editor, and politician?
6,411 at the 2010 census
Father and son actors Antonio Sabàto Sr. and Jr. were born in which country?
Italy
Who directed the film that "A Bug's Land" is themed after? 
John Lasseter
Who was an inspiration for characters in The Beautiful People, and was "New York's leading It girl" in 2001?
Paris Hilton
Under what label was a compilation album featuring a American singer,songwriter,keyboardist and record producer created?
Warner Bros.
What Barbadian singer recorded the song “Wait Your Turn” for her 2009 album Rated R released by Def Jam Recordings?
Rihanna
Which city is a home to OPEC and birth place of an Australian community worker, internee, Lutheran pastor and refugee?
Vienna
Who is older, Herta Müller or H. L. Mencken
Henry Louis Mencken
Which scientist lived longer, George Adomian or Edward Keonjian?
Edward Keonjian
The English architect who specialized in the early modernist period graduated from which public research university in London?
The Royal College of Art
Which high school in the Incorporated Village of Garden City, did American football player Don McCauley attend?
Garden City High School
What is the occupation of Lucette Diana Kensack's lover?
lumberjack
During the 2017-18 season, the Denver Nuggets appointed which former player to general manager?
Artūras Karnišovas
Ambition is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Wale, the album features a guest appearance from Miguel Jontel Pimentel, better known as Miguel, is an American singer, songwriter, actor and record producer, was born when?
October 23, 1985
What did BMW in Formula One and Brabham have in common?  
powered by BMW engines
Do Peter Billingsley and Jonathan Glazer have the same nationality?
no
Precaution (1820) is the first novel written by American author James Fenimore Cooper, the American reading public responded most to which Narrative of 1757, a historical novel, printed in which year?
1826
What dynasty under Alexander the Great had a large hellenistic influence on Indian art?
the Argead dynasty.
Léon Roques was a renowned transcriber for works by Claude Debussy and which other Impressionist composer?
Maurice Ravel
The "Connally Building" is adjacent to a shopping district opened in what year?
1969
Who directed the film in which the actress, who also played Allison MacKenzie, starred alongside Donal Logue?
Jesse Peretz
The Dirty Dozen: Next Mission is a made-for-TV film and sequel to the original "Dirty Dozen", directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and reuniting which American film and television actor, with Ernest Borgnine and Richard Jaeckel 18 years after the original hit war film?
Lee Marvin
What is the nationality of the leading vocalist who explained the meaning of "Heaven's a Lie" in an interview with HighWireDaze.com? 
Italian
What was a USAF launch complex during the state of geopolitical tension after World War II between powers in the Eastern Bloc and powers in the Western Bloc?
Niagara Falls Air Force Missile Site
Did Richard Russo and Angela Davis write books?
yes
What band released an album physically on July 19, 2017 in two languages?
EXO
What year was the loser of the Drama in Bahama born?
1942
What state is the town and village, who share the same name and are both located southwest of Syracuse, located in?
New York
Which is from further east in the United States, 3 Doors Down or Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros?
3 Doors Down
When was the film distribution company who released "A Violent Prosecutor" founded?
1996
Whats Spanish explorer and former governor of Florida was featured in the History Channel miniseries Conquest of America/.
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Henschel Hs 132 was a part of  the aerial warfare branch of the combined German Wehrmacht military forces during what war
World War II
The Charles H. Spencer hulk was used for gold refining operations in a state with what capital?
Phoenix
In which year did the husband of Jean Case of the Case Foundation retire from the company he had co-founded?
2003
Sweet Girl is the sixth mini-album released by B1A4 under WM Entertainment, the  title song of the album, "Sweet Girl", along with the other songs, was produced by which South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer, and actor?
Jung Jin-young
who was born first, Sergei Prokofiev or Maurice Ravel ?
Maurice Ravel
The Media Project have panelists that include which president and chief executive officer of WAMC/Northeast Public Radio, a National Public Radio affiliate, a position he has held since 1981?
Alan S. Chartock
Corinne Marchand played the title role in what Agnes Varda film?
Cléo from 5 to 7
For what radio and theatre role is the producer of "Shakespeare for My Father" best known?
Just William
Which pizzeria has filed for bankruptcy, Upper Crust Pizzeria or LaRosa's Pizzeria?
Upper Crust Pizzeria
What was the nationality of the man who allegedly shot Mark Moran?
Australian
Which is the youngest university to become a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996, the University of California, Irvine or the University of Bridgeport?
University of California, Irvine
What nationality is Manny Mashouf the founder of Bebe Stores?
Iranian-American
Who is a Nobel prize winner for literature, John Galsworthy or Fernando Pessoa?
John Galsworthy
Who was born in 1978 and is involved in a film written by Dave Eggers?
James Ponsoldt
Bo Fo Sho is the first EP released by which American comedian, musician? 
Bo Burnham
What band was formed by Oregon native Kat Bjelland, Joanna Newsom or Babes in Toyland?
Babes in Toyland
Which all-sport award did the coach, of the 2010 U.S. Open at Pebble Beach winner, win in 2010?
UK Coach of the Year
Air Algérie Flight 5017  was operated by an airline headquartered in what country?
Spain
Focus Money is a spin-off of which magazine published by Hubert Burda Media?
Focus
What band's musically "dirty" sound was a forerunner for the later grunge bands to come out of Seattle, The U-Men or Hayden?
The U-Men
Who lived longer, Gustave Charpentier or Léo Delibes?
Gustave Charpentier
Who wrote the book on which the film directed by Tate Taylor in 2016 was based ? 
Paula Hawkins
Women of the Sun, is a 2008 South Korean television series starring which South Korean actress, originally born as Yang Sung-yoon? 
Kim Ji-soo
Which president appointed the justice who wrote for a unanimous court in Smiley v. Citibank?
Ronald Reagan
What highway was conceived by Carl Fisher and had the Whitford Lodge located on it?
Lincoln Highway
What novel by Chetan Bhagat was the movie that Mona Singh is known for playing Jassi (Jasmeet Walia) in inspired by?
Five Point Someone
When was the hotel which hosted the 37th Daytime Emmy Awards given its current name
July 1, 2014
In what year was Get Yourself High nominated for a grammy?
2005
West Lindsey and Snarford are both located with what district?
Lincolnshire, England
Which English musician wrote the song about a world at peace that has a solo piano interpretation on Reimagining?
John Lennon
In January of 1902, the Leliefontein massacre occurred in the Northern Cape of which African country that is home to 56 million people?
South Africa
Madonna's seventh single to top the Hot 100 chart was co-written by Madonna and who?
Patrick Leonard
Where was the series of elaborate theatrical which Van and Schenck made appearance in productions on 
New York City
Are both David Giler and Brian G. Hutton film actors?
no
What are the names of the brothers who produced In Our Image?
Isaac Donald "Don" Everly (born February 1, 1937) and Phillip "Phil" Everly
Jacques Vallée, a computer scientist, author, ufologist and former astronomer, describes allegations of the Montauk Project as an outgrowth of stories about what experiment?
the Philadelphia Experiment
Who hosts a national sports radio show on an American broadcasting company that provides three satellite radio and online radio services?
Gerrie Burke
Where was the dual placed between Ohio Bobcats and a university team of Youngstown, Ohio, United States?
Ohio University's Aquatic Center
The Market Street Bridge was named in honor of the principal of the cherokee nation from 1828-1866, and was described as what?
the Moses of his people
Blue Crush is a 2002 sports film that tells the story of three friends who have one passion: living the ultimate dream of surfing on a beach located on which island ?
Island of Oʻ ahu
What is the name of a medication used to within a chemotherapy regimen?
Cisplatin
Dallas Love Field and William P. Hobby Airport are both located in which state?
Texas
Dalton Trumbo and David Payne are both which nationality?
American
American cooking magazine, along with World Wide Country Tours was founded by what man?
Roy Reiman
What American singer had a debut single "Hide Away" that was part of the debut album "Sit Still, Look Pretty" released on October, 7,2016?
Daya
What digest-size science fiction magazine did the man known as the "Dean of Science Fiction Artists" provide artwork for?
Science Fiction Adventures
When was the founder of Yakira, L.L.C. born?
August 29, 1972
Jared Zabransky played college football at Boise State and was named Offensive Player of the Game which was played in what stadium? 
University of Phoenix Stadium
What is the birthdate of this English professional footballer, who played with Chris Jones during his spell with the Yorkshire outfit?
4 January 1986
The former owner and principal of the Caterham F1 Team founded what company?
Tune Air Sdn.
When did the producer of the 1987 version of 21 Jump Street die?
September 30, 2010
April Kelly co-created what sitcom that premiered in 2014?
Girl Meets World
Which world record are held by the swimmer who beat Ross Murdoch in the European 100 metre breaststroke?
50 and 100m breaststroke
Who was the founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers whose son spearheaded a requirement known as the "Rooney Rule?"
Arthur Joseph Rooney Sr.
Cruciada împotriva comunismului was named in reference to which Axis invasion of the Soviet Union?
Operation Barbarossa
 French migration to the United Kingdom, occurred at various points in history, which Protestant group in the 16th and 17th centuries,fled religious persecution?
Huguenots
Which quarterback in the Panthers–Seahawks rivalry was born in 1988?
Russell Carrington Wilson
The sixth season of the "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" began airing on November 4, 2009, it starred Cassandra "Cassi" Davis, an American actress and singer, best known for her role as who, on "Tyler Perry's House of Payne"?
Ella Payne
Tutu Jones (born September 9, 1966) is an American electric blues and soul blues guitarist, singer and songwriter, she has cited  Freddie King (September 3, 1934 – December 28, 1976), as an influence on his playing style, he was an American blues guitarist and singer, he has been described as one of the "   " of electric blues guitar?
Three Kings
what does Nic Offer and Johnny Bonnel have in common?
band
Were The Rape of Europa and Down from the Mountain both released as films?
yes
Along with the town Belmont, what is the population of the other town that is a part of the Shaker Regional School District?
2,352
Which band has released more albums, Seven Mary Three or Django Django?
Seven Mary Three
Zora Fair was a native to South Carolina who nearly exposed the military campaign conducted through Georgia from when to when?
November 15 to December 21, 1864
What is the name of the YouTube Channel that was founded by the Lead Vocalist of the English rock band Asking Alexandria who was featured in the band's fourth studio album "The Black?"
above92
Which Australian trail which passes through the northern suburbs of Melbourne connects to the Melbourne Zoo?
Capital City Trail
Who is younger, Patricio Guzmán Lozanes or Gil Kenan?
Gil Kenan
Conoclinium and Catalpa, have which mutual two attributes?
flowering plants
What came out first, Cancer or Almost Sunrise?
Cancer
To which country was the historical figure used for the basis of the novel Strandloper transported to?
Australia
When was the founder of TruthRevolt born? 
January 15, 1984
What is the editorial stance of the newspaper that featured Paul Rimstead as a page 5 columnist?
populist conservative
Kamp Krustier featured a script by which screenwriter who had previously worked on The Wonder Years?
David Michael Stern
Flying Officer Dinshaw Edulijee received the AFC from what auxiliary air force of the British Empire?
The Indian Air Force
The son of who was a German botanist, horticulturist, and microscopist, who joined the Schleswig-Holstein army to fight the first round of military conflict in southern Denmark and northern Germany rooted in the Schleswig-Holstein Question?
Johann Friedrich Grönland
What year did jango fett debut?
2002
Crabtree Creek is a tributary that begins in the western foothills of a major mountain range whose highest peak is how tall?
14411 ft
Which of the singles in Tim McGraw's Two Lanes of Freedom album features Taylor Swift on vocals and Keith Urban on guitar?
Highway Don't Care
Angel Coma is a split album by Earth and another band formed by what Stephen O'Malley and what other core member?
Greg Anderson
Sam Mendes and Don Coscarelli, have which mutual occupation?
film director
What occupation has been held by both Vanelle and Max W. Kimmich?
director
Is Rudbeckia and Daviesia in the same family?
no
What is the ethnicity of the record label which released Deniz Koyu's latest record, "A Way Home"?
Dutch
When was the Mexican professional boxer born to whom  Harry Joe Yorgey lost for the interim World Boxing Organization super welterweight title on HBO?
August 11, 1982
Max Hell Frog Warrior starred which Actor who hailed from Baltimore?
Conrad Brooks
Which magazine, Trump or Self, was a glossy magazine of satire and humor, mostly in the forms of comics features and short stories?
Trump
In the Royal Rumble the rock defeated Phillip Jack Brooks also known as what?
CM Punk
Are Strickland v. Washington and Shelley v. Kraemer both United States Supreme Court cases?
yes
Which cast in The Great Gilly Hopkins was born March 19, 1947?
Glenn Close
camp sacked was a field post southeast of what city in Douglas County in Kansas?
Lecompton
Was MODE or Cosmopolitan launched first?
Cosmopolitan
Route 66 State Park is located on the former site of a town 2 mi east of what city?
Eureka
Truso, situated on Lake Drużno, was an Old Prussian (Pomesanian) town near the Baltic Sea just east of the Vistula River, in the words of Marija Gimbutas, "the name of the town is the earliest known historically in the Baltic Sea area", Gimbutas was a Lithuanian-American archaeologist known for her research into the Neolithic and Bronze Age cultures of "Old Europe" and for her Kurgan hypothesis, which located the Proto-Indo-European homeland in which location?
Pontic Steppe
 Magnano in Riviera is a "comune" and one of how many regions of Italy?
20
American food company, Progresso, produces what food that is a spicy stew containing chili peppers, meat (usually beef), and often tomatoes and beans?
Chili con carne
What is the middle name of the person that hosted the Logie Awards of 2003?
Joseph
Love in the Time of Money stared a Canadian actress best known for her 3 seasons in what American television series? 
Law & Order
Which artist created a series of 60 paintings in 1985 based on scenes and images of the 17th-century play Othello?
Nabil Kanso
United States naval reactors included those found at the R&D facility in what New York city?
Niskayuna
Dheepan was partly inspired by the literary work written in what year?
1721
Sir Anthony James Allan Havelock-Allan, 4th Baronet (28 February 1904 – 11 January 2003) was a British film producer and screenwriter whose credits included Oliver Twist , a 1948 British film and the second of David Lean's two film adaptations of who's novels?
Charles Dickens
Hamza Bencherif plays as a defender or a midfielder for a division of the National League in England which is currently called Vanarama National League North for what reasons?
sponsorship reasons
To which fiction race does the character played by Lee Pace in Guardians of the Galaxy" belong ?
the Kree
What has one runway and is owned by the Greenbrier County Airport Authority , Central Wisconsin Airport or Greenbrier Valley Airport ?
Greenbrier Valley Airport
When was the  English actress  to which George Egerton was a friend born? 
27 February 1847
Filmmaker Greg Carter is from which Texas city in Harris County?
Houston
What actress that played the title role in Hamlet narrated a documentary about the chronic shortage of social housing in Britain?
Maxine Peake
Newsfront is a 1978 Australian drama film starring  an Australian actress whose biggest role was in what 1982 film?
Lonely Hearts
Which American professional soccer franchise in California that competes in Major League Soccer, for which American soccer player Edson Buddle played?
LA Galaxy
What was the name of the 2012 French-American psychological slasher film in which starred America Athene Olivo?
Maniac
What is the address where the Peace Conference of 1861 was held?
1401 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Are Crash! The bankrupt game and Twin Tin Bots botj card games?
no
Are Park Bom and Eddie Vedder both singers ?
yes
The football club in which Terry Eades played for was founded in what year?
1878
The 127th SS-Standarte was the last regiment established by the Nazis during which war?
World War II
What female character appeared in a 1981 fantasy film directed by Matthew Robbins?
Valerian
What German film director directed a 1920 silent film considered to be lost? 
Friedrich Wilhelm "F. W." Murnau
School of Nuclear and Allied Sciences is located at the college in what Accra village?
Kwabenya
Who is Swedish rock star, Max Carl or Anders Fridén?
Anders Fridén
This town with a population of 2,216 as of 2010 is home to a fortification at the mouth of what river?
Kennebec River
what does Clianthus and Ceratonia have in common?
flowering
Henri de Dreux commemorated by a window in a catherdral that replaced an older church destroyed by fire in what year?
1211
Ardath is the unincorporated community located on what major road, along the "North America's Railroad", Delisle-Tichfield Junction stub?
Highway 654
In what country was Alfred Schnittke's Nagasaki given its public premiere?
South Africa
What village of population 27,253 is located in the 4th District of New York?
Lindenhurst
What gun developed in Nazi Germany and used in WWII did the M56 submachine gun clone?
MP 40
1897–98 season was the fourth in the history of the Southern League in which a professional association football club, who plays in what league, won the Division One championship?
Premier League
"Dil Se Re", is a song from the movie "Dil Se",  composed by A. R. Rahman, and sung by A. R. Rahman, Anuradha Sriram, an Indian carnatic and playback singer who hails from which South Indian state?
Tamil Nadu
Laura, is a Peruvian talk show, hosted by which Peruvian talk show hostess, and lawyer, best known for her Spanish-language talk show?
Laura Bozzo
What does Thaïs and Thaïs have in common?
opera of the same name
What year where both Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War and British campaign in the Baltic?
1918
Which bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States enacted the Education for All Handicapped Children Act?
The United States Congress
Christian singer Plumb and Britney Spear's both have songs that have appeared in what 1999 teen romantic comedy?
Drive Me Crazy
Rolf Magnus Joakim Larsson (born 19 August 1963), better known as Joey Tempest, is a Swedish lead singer, and main songwriter of the rock band Europe, he has written hits which include "The Final Countdown", a song by Swedish rock band Europe, released in which year?
1986
The Look is the seventh album by American R&B group Shalamar, released in 1983 on the SOLAR label, it is the last Shalamar album to feature to include which American dancer, singer-songwriter and choreographer, most notable for being a member of the R&B vocal group Shalamar?
Jeffrey Daniel
Are both Sarah Waters and Miriam Toews novelists?
yes
What film did pornographic actress Lily Carter lead in alongside Lily LaBeau?
Wasteland
Who directed the 2010 mystery erotic film that Kim Ji-hoon appeared in?
Ju Kyung-jung
"A Midsummer's Nice Dream" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' whose twenty-second season began airing on what television network?
Fox
What song is an alternative mix of the Beatles' 1970 album "Let It Be" released in 2003, which replaced the 39-second "Maggie Mae" with " Let Me Down"?
Dig It
What was the population in 2000 of the town in which Hugh White died ? 
8,515
What was the middle name of the creator of the show The Honeymooners ?
Herbert
Who was born first, John P. Kennedy or Millard Fillmore?
John Pendleton Kennedy
What British academic philosopher has this quote attributed to him regarding the principle of charity "it constrains the interpreter to maximize the truth or rationality in the subject's sayings."?
Simon Blackburn
The men's ice hockey that won seven national championships while Emil Iverson was coach won how many NCAA national championships?
five
Brian London lost in 1966 to what professional boxer born 1942
Muhammad Ali
Righteous Love, is the American singer Joan Osborne's  which number studio album?
second studio album
Buried Alive was from the studio album that was released on what date?
October 21, 2014
Who has worked on films in more countries, Marco Ferreri or Peter Faiman?
Marco Ferreri
Me Estoy Enamorando (English: "I'm Falling in Love" ) is the sixth studio album by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández, Fernández asked Emilio Estefan to produce his next project after listening to "Mi Tierra", released in which year, by his wife Gloria Estefan?
1993
The House of Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of South Australia, it sits in Parliament House in the state capital, in which city city, Parliament House, on the corner of North Terrace and King William Road, is which city, is the seat of the Parliament of South Australia?
Adelaide
David T. Beito was a mentor to  Fannie Lou Hamer and this american civil rights activist who was murdered by who
white supremacist and Klansman
Who was the Slovenian player for the Suns team in 2000-01? 
Goran Dragić
Who produced the American animated television series based on the "Spider-Man
Eric Radomski
Which film exposes the former President of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus?
Banking on Heaven
In which province is the race held that Reinier Paping won in 1963 ?
Friesland
Carl Chang, is the older brother and former coach of which tennis star, a now retired, American professional tennis player, that won 34 top-level professional singles titles?
Michael Chang
Great WAgon Road was an improved trail through one of the major landform features of eastern North America, and stretches about 1200 miles from Quebec to where?
Alabama
Which University has 5 Nobel laureates on their faculty, Rockefeller University or Virginia Commonwealth University?
Rockefeller University
What was the name of the medal that both Maxim Kontsevich & Grigory Margulis received?
Fields Medal
Who starred as an undercover British agent in a movie with Kevin Joseph Zegers ?
Jim Sturgess
What type of plant is represented in the species of both the Ficus genus and Calceolaria genus?
shrubs
 A quick pitstop from the Ganassi crew got Alex Zanardi out ahead of long-time leader and son of who?
Mario Andretti
Which genus, Farfugium or Comptonia contains more species?
Farfugium
Fantasyland contains a castle and which dark ride that has been in operation since Disneyland's opening day?
Snow White's Scary Adventures
Kim Hyo-min was defeated in the final round of the 2014 Macau Open Grand Prix Gold by an Indian professional badminton player, who is currently world no 2 in what?
BWF World Ranking
Does Carl Barât use an instrument that Ian Astbury does not?
yes
Kelly Cutrone has appeared in America's Next Top Model and what other reality television show?
The Hills
Are Haig P. Manoogian and Luther George Simjian both professors?
no
Nataraja Service is a 2016 Indian Kannada language romantic emotional comedy film whose music is composed by who?
Anoop Seelin
Who was the Vocalist for the Album Turn to Stone by Pentagram?
Bobby Liebling
What is the name of the Grand Duke of Lithuania, then the King of Poland, who reserved the rights of the overlord under the Pact of Vilnius and Radom?
Władysław II Jagiełło
Paul Shelving worked at the Stratford-upon-Avon theatre that has how many seats?
1,040+
Who starred in Harry Potter and Megan Leavey?
Tom Felton
Both Gert Bo Jacobsen and Greg Haugen were professionals at what sport?
boxer
What is the name of the first single from the third album made the member of Take That that was born on 27 January 1972?
Makin' Out
Boxing in the 1980s was filled with important fights, events and personalities that shaped the sport, WBO and which one of how many major organizations recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF) which sanction world championship boxing bouts, began operating?
four
TKB-408 was a precursor to which heavily-modified Kalashnikov rifle as selected by the Red Army?
AK-47
The Battle of Brooklyn references a battle during the Revolutionary War that was fought on whta date?
August 27, 1776
Which of David Guetta's albums featured a song with vocals by the same singer who recorded "Phresh Out the Runway?"
One Love
In what year was the composer of "Ave Maria" born?
1925
How many seasons did the science based cooking show hosted by Alton Brown air? 
14 seasons
Who was born first, Phil Joanou or Tod Browning?
Tod Browning
When was the recorder of "Lonely Eyes" declared as the winner of the television program "Nashville Star"?
2006
What person from Eagan, Minnesota ran in the Minnesota Attorney General election in 2010?
Lori Swanson
Caroline Polachek and Aaron Pfenning form which band whose first single was "Bruises?"
Chairlift
What nationality is the singer with whom Chris O'Ryan worked and who realeased the song "Vision of Love"?
American
What is the colloquial name for the urban megaregion between South and Central Texas where Pocket Communications provides unlimited cell phone service?
Texas Triangle
What war was started in 602 to avenge the death of Maurice, and included a Jewish revolt against Heraclius?
Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628
Hoops is the second studio album by a band originally from which city ?
Menangle
What is the name of author of the manga which inspired a 2014 television series starring the same actress who rose to popularity in "Boys Over Flowers"?
Shinobu Kaitani
Which movie was produced first, Blackbeard's Ghost or Charley and the Angel?
Blackbeard's Ghost
Which singer began as a solo artist, Lee Gi-kwang or Natalie Merchant?
Lee Gi-kwang
In what city did Michael Sauer  compete in the Olympics?
Mexico City, Mexico
How long is the road course for the 24 hour sports car endurance race which Chuck Parsons participated in Daytona Beach, Florida?
3.56 mi
Kenneth Clark and Elizabeth Bishop, are American?
no
What year did the film, in which Amy Seimetz co-wrote and co-directed, appear in the Sundance Film Festival?
2009
who was the person in the 1939 film version of Destry and is also a military officer?
James Stewart
Which is the older movie, One Hundred and One Dalmatians or Alice in Wonderland?
One Hundred and One Dalmatians
What type of group does Elvis Costello and The Auteurs have in common?
band
Lost Songs from Lost Years was released by an indie rock band from which state?
Minnesota
In which movie did this American actress, comedian, writer, and producer who contributed to  "Saturday Night Live" (1997–2006) and co-wrote "Live Show"  appear in 2010?
Date Night
Who produced the film "Signal Fire" was originally offered to?
DreamWorks Animation
What group of an estimated 500,000 is commonly referred to as Afghan?
Pashayi
What are both Yella Venkateswara Rao and Amjad Ali Khan?
Indian classical musician
What NBA basketball player was named NBA Rookie of the Year for the 2015–16 season and has an uncle who is a Bachata artist?
Karl-Anthony Towns Jr.
Which air base was at the western end of an American twin-engine, medium bomber's air route.
Krasnoyarsk Northeast
When was the director of the movie on which Cho Jin-woong received a Best Supporting Actor nomination at the 49th Baeksang Arts Awards born?
August 5, 1965
What is the western border of the continent that has 3 countries who use the rand rather than their own legal tender?
Atlantic Ocean
Between Prince of Wales and Fish House Punch which one contains more ingredients?
Prince of Wales
What month does Reloaded and The Sims 3 have in common?
March
Which ruler was the last ruler of the dynasty also known as the Lagids or Lagidae?
Ptolemy XIV
Jeff Sanders was selected  in the 1st round of the 1989 NBA Draft by a team that plays it's home games at what arena?
United Center
News UK is an owned subsidiary of which American mass media conglomerate?
News Corp
What is a seminal work in the history of sociology that was a landmark textr from W. E. B. Du Bois?
The Souls of Black Folk
Santorini and Thurn and Taxis are both what?
board game
Which mountain is higher, Distaghil Sar or Batura Sar ?
Distaghil Sar
Which states are Mountain States in the Northwestern region?
Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming
Between Darwin's Nightmare and The Cove, which film was released earlier?
Darwin's Nightmare
In what year did the star of "Flesh and the Devil" receive an Academy Honorary Award?
1954
What is the brand name of the injectable drug for type 2 diabetes that was marketed by a Danish multinational pharmaceutical company with a majority shareholder Novo Holdings A/S?
Victoza
The actor who co-starred with George Kennedy and Vonetta McGee in The Eiger Sanction was born on what date?
March 5, 1927
Sloan and Eugenius, share which genre?
rock
Flying Heavy Metal is presented by a musician born in which year ?
1958
Kevin Oghenetega Tamaraebi Bakumo-Abraham (born 2 October 1997), known as Tammy Abraham, is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Swansea City, on loan from which professional football club based in Fulham, London, England that competes in the Premier League?
Chelsea Football Club
What National Park is a mainly arid area in the province of Ciudad Real, Guadarrama National Park or Tablas de Daimiel National Park?
Tablas de Daimiel National Park
Where was Tom Newman, who answered Richard Feynman's challenges, during There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom talk?
Stanford University
Is Down and Out in America or Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers preserved by the Academy Film Archive?
Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers
Pale Lager and Hofmeister are both what type of beer? 
Helles
What professional wrestler is also known as Triple H?
Hunter Hearst Helmsley
Casey Dellacqua and Justine Henin are from Belgium?
no
Who published the  monthly online magazine founded by Jared Taylor
New Century Foundation
Which American journalist, poet, and socialist activist contributed to the short-lived weekly newspaper issued by the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party of Local Greater New York?
John Reed
What makes Godfrey Reggio's style different than Brett Ratner's style?
is an American director of experimental documentary films.
Hot Fuss is the debut studio album by American rock band The Killers, released on which date, "Hot Fuss" produced several commercially and critically successful singles: "Mr. Brightside"?
June 7, 2004
Rick Barry named one of the 50 greatest players of all time replaced what player in the NBA All-Star Weekend H–O–R–S–E Competition
Pete Maravich
What year does  the current version of the Constitution whose creation was sponsored by Justo José de Urquiz date from?
1994
Which composer died first Modest Mussorgsky or William Walton?
Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky
What state has the capital that Lync orginiated frome?
Washington
Who played in both Cold Case and Grey's Anatomy?
Justin Chambers
Which of the handgun with which .400 Cor-Bon was designed to mimic was designed by John Browning in 1905?
.45 ACP
Stacey Totman was the former head coach of a golf team that competes in what conference of the NCAA?
Big 12 Conference
Are the Chinese Imperial Dog and Magyar agár both breeds of dog?
yes
Big Rube, is an American rapper and hip-hop producer, he has also contributed his spoken word poetry to "Russell Simmons' Def Poetry Jam" and which 2006 American comedy-drama film, and the feature film directorial debut of music video director Chris Robinson?
ATL
Henry P. Becton Regional High School, is an American four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from both Carlstadt and East Rutherford, the school was named in honor of Henry P. Becton, son of who, co-founder Maxwell Becton?
Becton Dickinson
What is the parent company of the record label on which Beck's album Guero was released?
Universal Music Group
The writer and director of the French film Brigitte et Brigitte is a film critic at a film magazine founded in what year?
1951
What film did Rick Carter work on that depicts a FedEx employee stranded on an uninhabited island?
Cast Away
Which former international football player was described by Yoann Gourcuff as the best French player of his generation?
David Ginola
In what type of magazines was one of the victims of Charles Manson and his "Family" (the other being LaBianca) featured?
fashion magazines
In what year was the author of the Japanese manga "Gyo" born? 
1963
Both Rex Salas and Robin Thicke are of what nationality?
American
Nick Moran is an English actor, writer, and producer who appeard as Scabior in what 2010 British-American fantasy film?
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1
When was the Austrian and American film actress that stared in My Favorite Spy born? 
November 9, 1914
The Next List is a 30-minute weekend television program on CNN, it was hosted by which American neurosurgeon and media reporter?
Sanjay Gupta
American textile designer, Marguerita Mergentime, was featured in an interior decorating magazine that focuses on decorating and the domestic arts first published in what year?
1896
What commercial television broadcast network features the show Designated Survivor starring Maggie Q?
ABC
Derek Drymon worked on a which animated cartoon production which became a viral hit on the internet?
Adventure Time
What country did the MP for Pontefract serve?
British
Which nationality is the island where the Copenhagen Airport is located?
Danish
Which magazine, Vogue or Bild der Frau, began as a weekly newspaper?
Vogue
Xherdan Shaqiri endorses the Nike Mercurial Vapor, but what position does he play for the Premier League club Stoke City, and the Switzerland national team?
winger
Which film is from the comedy genre, Khoobsurat or The Littlest Outlaw?
Khoobsurat
What 45th head of state and head of government of the United States, is associated with a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of New York?
Franklin Delano Roosevelt
 Hans Georg Berger lives between Berlin, Laos and an island located in which sea ?
the Tyrrhenian Sea
To what political party did the last president covered by Stanley Tretick belong?
Republican Party
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern is a parody based off a play with how many female characters?
two
Army Network Enterprise Technology Command has headquarters at the Fort that was established on what date?
3 March 1877
What was the Internet forum which lead to the creation of a debut studio album by an American boyband containing Kevin Abstract, Ameer Vann, & Merlyn Wood?
KanyeToThe
The Cotter family was associated with a city in which province in Ireland?
Munster
When was the recording artist behind American Teen born?
February 11, 1998
The role Zina Goldstein had in "Groys teater" is a term in what language?
Italian
In what year did the most successful European Ryder Cup captain ever win the U.S. Open?
1970
When did a DCC Bank first issue a Kisan Credit Card?
18 May 2013
What is the name of the women's magazine first published in 1935 that has featured Tully Jensen on the cover?
Mademoiselle
In which town is the university located that Stewart Wingate graduated from during his time at Black & Decker?
Newcastle
Which famous American actor appears in Chappie, directed by Trent Opaloch?
Hugh Jackman
Which tennis player, Cyril Suk or Christo van Rensburg,  won one Grand Slam men's doubles title and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles during his career?
Cyril Suk
Which lasted longer, the Second Battle of the Marne or the Battle of Belleau Wood?
Second Battle of the Marne
For what state was the person who signed the Iran Nonproliferation Act of 2000 into law a governor?
Arkansas
In which period the son of John Hunyadi was a King of Hungary and Croatia?
1458 to 1490
John Franklin Candy, was a Canadian actor and comedian, known mainly for his work in Hollywood films, he rose to fame through his appearances in such comedy films as which 1981 American buddy military comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman, starring Bill Murray?
Stripes
Longton Bridge was a railway station on the West Lancashire Railway in England, it served the village of Longton, and civil parish in the west of the borough of South Ribble, Lancashire, in which country?
England
Which radio station airs the program "Drive"?
ABC Adelaide
Are Keenen Ivory Wayans and Jason Bateman American actors?
yes
The Newman house is dedicated to which rector?
John Henry Newman
The case of Representative George V. Hansen involved accusations of diesel therapy, as did the case of Susan McDougal, who served time for what American political episode of the 1990's?
Whitewater controversy
In which year was the colonel who was the subject of the documentary The Man Who Saved the World, born?
1939
Did Ted Kotcheff and D. W. Griffith share the same nationality?
no
Rafael Nadal defeated which 19-time Grand Slam titlist in the 2008 French Open for his fourth straight clay major title?
Roger Federer
Have singers Dee Dee Ramone and Rod Evans both been members of a band?
yes
What is the main industry of the town that has a ruined L-plan keep in an ancient Scottish village?
fishing
Which party is this this Canadian politician serving as leader who gave speeches on foreign policy at Skirball Center for the Performing Arts?
Liberal Party
What is the name of the artist that went on The Red Tour and featured the album who's title was inspired by the semi-toxic relationships of the artist?
Taylor Swift
Which building in New York City is a skyscraper between Nassau Street and William Street: Central Park Tower or 40 Wall Street? 
40 Wall Street
What is the nationality of the creator of Instiki?
Danish
What is the name of the singer who was born April 12, 1987 and was part of the band who released the single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies"?
Brendon Urie
Since when has the co-anchor of "The Today Show" that Danny Jelaca has worked with held that position?
July 2012
Which company is headquartered in Dublin and has around 325 stores as a subsidiary of associated British foods?
Primark
What is the American subcompact automobile manufactured and marketed in America designed by Richard Teague?
AMC Gremlin
Which song from the "This is War" was written by the band member of Thirty Seconds to Mars, who also appeared in various film roles such as "Panic Room" (2002), "Alexander" (2004), "Lord of War" (2005), "Lonely Hearts" (2006), "Chapter 27" (2007), and "Mr. Nobody" (2009)?
Jared Leto
Pioneer was the first album by the group formerly known as what?
News from Verona
Between James Dickey and Miguel Ángel Asturias, which was a nobel prize winner?  
Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales
Which rapper recorded the song "Saint Pablo" featuring the vocals of Sampha?
Kanye West
What did the woman win before her work with the owns ,who gained national fame by appearing on the nationally broadcast CBS/syndicated television series "Hee Haw", and also featured the first festival  in Rhinelander, in Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States?
Ladies' Division National Fiddling Championship
Rising Sun Research is a spin off of the company founded in what year?
1995
Who created the record company that released the Strokes' debut studio album?
Gordon Raphael and Paul Harrison
Bella Heathcote had a role as Gigi in the film from 2016 directed by whom?
Nicolas Winding Refn
Mino Raiola acts as what for Manchester United players Zlatan Ibrahimović, Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku?
football agent
What collaborator of Ed Manion's also performed on "A Christmas Gift for You from Phil Spector"?
Darlene Wright
What is the alternate name of the event that the Miss Chinese International Pageant 1991 was delayed to coincide with?
Spring Festival
What is the home park of the team for which Charley O'Leary  played in 1910
Comerica Park
Blanding is a small railroad junction in Illinois, north of Savanna Army Depot, was a 13062 acre installation, located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River, in Carroll and Jo Daviess counties, around 7 mi north of Savanna, Illinois, in which country?
United States
What is the birthdate of this American television and stage actress and singer known for her performances in some of the earliest major studio films to feature black casts, who starred in Francis Albert Sinatra Does His Thing?
July 17, 1935
This One's for the Children is a single by the pop group from what city?
Boston
Which film was released in the year 1964, Faces of Death or Point of Order?
Point of Order
League of Denial devotes attention to the story of the football player who spent 16 years between which two teams?
Pittsburgh Steelers and Kansas City Chiefs
What is the name of first contractor of the oldest railroad in the United States' son, who became a pioneer in American Baseball?
Arthur Pue Gorman
Who was the temple that Herostratus sought to destroy dedicated to?
goddess Artemis
What is the name of the 1999 documentary that was narrated by the actor who portrayed Woody Boyd in Cheers?
Grass: History of Marijuana
What 58th quadrennial American presidential election did Bernie Sanders announce his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States?
The United States presidential election of 2016
Which artist moved toward a progressive, pop sound, Gary Louris or Marc Bolan?
Gary Louris
Who was born first, Jimmie Ross or Chris Daughtry?
Jimmie Ross
Frans Hoek played football with a goalkeeper from what ethnic group?
German
Which composer, who won an Emmy award, shared a stage with Groucho Marx at Carnegie Hall in 1972?
Marvin Hamlisch
What nationality is the designer of the comedy role-playing game "Ghostbusters".
American
When was the British multinational public limited company which has a large presence in Aerospace industry in the United Kingdom incorporated? 
February 2011
Which National Football League team won the 2012 AFC Divisional playoff game against the Denver Broncos and Super Bowl XLVII against the San Francisco 49ers?
Baltimore Ravens
WHAT HOTEL WHOS THIRD PHASE IS LOCATED AT 1 QUEEN ROAD EAST WANCHAI WAS THE FIRST TO HAVE A FIVE DAY WORK WEEK? ROAD 
The JW Marriott Hotel Hong Kong is a hotel of JW Marriott Hotels.
Which English footballer, having played for St. Mary's Y.M.A., was born in Portsmouth?
Albert Arthur Fry
Were both William Wyler and Alan Crosland American film directors?
yes
Scott Michael Smith has worked on the film from the 2006 apocalyptic horror novel written by whom?
Max Brooks
Both Brian Warren and Jake Shields are considered what?
mixed martial arts fighter
Which English poet wrote and present A Passion for Churches and was a Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1972 until his death?
John Betjeman
Which actress from the film Drive is best known for her role as Joan Holloway in the AMC drama "Mad Men"?
Christina Hendricks
Angel is a fictional character created by who, and David Greenwalt for the American television programs "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its spin-off series "Angel", the character is portrayed by actor David Boreanaz, an American actor, television producer, and director, known for playing vampire-turned-private investigator Angel on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997–2003) and its spinoff "Angel" (1999–2004)?
Joss Whedon
John Paul Tremblay stars alongside which other Canadian actor on Trailer Park Boys?
Robb Wells
A police detective, author and former child actor who appeared on a show that had segments about making food and taking things apart, joined the police department in what year?
1996
Which movie is based on a legendary creature said to inhabit the Pine Barrens of Southern New Jersey, United States?
13th Child
What is the name of a famous Finnish footballer who plays as a Striker for the Dynamo Dresden who's a brother of a Chicago Bull?
Eero Markkanen
Rim Runner was located at which casino and RV park in Winchester, Nevada?
Circus Circus Las Vegas
Who constructed buildings in Rome that stood against the forces of Mark Anthony and Cleopatra in 31 BC, Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa or Vipsania Polla?
most notably at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC against the forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra.
The British scientist who performed Faraday's ice pail experiment in 1843 was born on what date?
22 September 1791
What other team did the Baker Mayfield play for before taking Trevor Knight's position?
Texas Tech Red Raiders
What book was published by Christiana Morgan's colleague in 1938?
Explorations in Personality
Are both Wilhelm Reich and Kahlil Gibran Austrian psychoanalysts?
no
The actress that played Sif in the film "Thor" also starred in a 2016 American psychological thriller that was directed by who?
Bram Coppens
Who wrote Les Erinnyes, the French verse drama based Aeschylus' Oresteia?
Leconte de Lisle
Who directed the Michael Jackson film for which Universal Hartland provided the visual effects?
Francis Ford Coppola
Which german medium tank was developed in late 1930s to provide the close-in fire support for standard Japanese medium tanks in Second World War?
Panzer IV
Both Genghis Blues and To Shoot an Elephant are considered what type of film?
documentary
What Oslo-based Norwegian singer-songwriter provided guest vocals for the Tyler album Flower Boy?
Anna of the North
Are Walt Disney and Sacro GRA both documentry films?
yes
Jennifer Pharr Davis has hiked on the long-distance walk in Europe around Mont Blanc that covers approximately what distance?
170 km
Anatomy is an album by the group in the genre that developed in what decade?
1980s
In what year was the writer of "Anne of the Island" born?
1874
Danish Viking, who ruled over parts of Friesland between 841 and 873 was the uncle of a Viking leader who raided the British Isles, West Francia, Frisia, and Lotharingia in the 860s and 870?
Roricus, Rorichus
Which banker is considered the second largest in the world, BNP Paribas or China Construction Bank?
China Construction Bank
Meridiana destinations are also served by which subsidiary headquartered in Milan?
Air Italy S.p.A.
The M20 is a motorway in Kent, England, although not signposted in England, this road is part of the European route E15, The European route E 15 is part of which entity's international E-road network?
United Nations
Which magazine is published more frequently, The Believer or Democracy?
The Believer
Stone Sour's sixth album Hydrograd, which was also the first album to feature Christian Martucci and Johny Chow, was released worldwide on June 30, 2017 from which record label?
Roadrunner Records
Needtobreathe and Imagine Dragons, have which mutual genre?
rock
 Bob Valesente played football at a college founded by what man?
William Egbert
what does Berserk and Berserk have in common?
anime
Joyce Anita Hytner sits on the board of a not-for-profit producing theatre that was damaged during air raids in what year?
1940
What song composed by Robert Alexander Anderson is the best known Hawaiian Christmas song?
Mele Kalikimaka
Roses Are Red and The Hives, share which genre?
rock
What is the name of the Pornographic film collected at the Kinsey Institute for research in Sex, Gender and Reproduction that includes possibly the first use of extreme close-ups of genitalia?
El Satario
Savita Kovind is the wife of the politician who has been the President of India since what year?
2017
What anchor store appear at Shops at Billerica besides Market Basket and the store that was acquired by Bain Capital in a take-private transaction?
Kmart
Song "English Sunset" from English rock band The Moody Blues album "Strange Times" often gets confused with song "The Sunset", which is on what album?
Days of Future Passed
Huh Jung directed which film, released on August 17, 2017?
The Mimic
The Garde Civique or Burgerwacht, was a Belgian paramilitary militia created in October 1830 shortly after the Belgian Revolution, it was the conflict which led to the secession of the southern provinces (mainly the former Southern Netherlands) from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the establishment of an independent Kingdom of which country nation?
Belgium
The East of the Jordan, Two Banks to the Jordan, is a poem written by Ze'ev Jabotinsky, which type of leader, Zionism (Hebrew: צִיּוֹנוּת‎ "Tsiyyonut" ] after "Zion") is the national movement of the Jewish people that supports the re-establishment of a Jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic Land of Israel, roughly corresponding to Canaan, the Holy Land, or the region of Palestine?
Revisionist Zionist
Where was the group from that collaborated with Eazy-E on "Only if you want it"?
East Orange, New Jersey
Who directed the film that Im Auftrag des Herrn... – Die Toten Hosen Live's title is a reference to?
John Landis
What was the partnership of guitarist Luke Wood and guitarist/vocalist Jesse Hartman, The Get Up Kids or Sammy ?
Sammy
How many members are in the band that includes Woo Ji-ho under a stage name?
seven
Which American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States chose William Coleman to be the first editor of "The New York Evening Post" (today known as the "New York Post")
Alexander Hamilton
Which group, Philly's Most Wanted or the Neptunes, is composed of Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo, who are credited with contributing the sound for many successful hip hop and R&B artists in the late-1990s and 2000s?
The Neptunes
Which country do Rolf de Heer and Ralph Smart have in common?
Australia
What do Theodore Wharton and Fatih Akin have in common?
film director
What country do the Chichele Lectures take place in?
in England
What country did Eselealofa 'Ese' Apinelu manage Tuvalu's volleyball team in?
Fiji
Which company did the great nephew of the commander of the Civil war work for?
Goldsboro
Carlos Andrés Baldassari, is a former Uruguayan rugby union player and a current coach, and was born in Salta, a city located in the Lerma Valley, at 1,152 metres (3780 feet) above sea level in the northwest part of which country?
Argentina
USS Plainview was named for one of the cities in what town in New York?
Oyster Bay
What company published Bop magazine?
The Laufer Company
In what year was the musican born that composed the music for the film Honour Killing?
1948
Are St. Mary's University, Texas and University of Michigan in Great Britain?
no
Clinton v. Jones and Baker v. Carr were both court cases that took place in what United States court?
Supreme Court
Silver Birch was the winner of the John Smith's Grand National, not to be confused with the John Smith ________ in Tadcaster England?
Brewery
What do Lamont Johnson and Harmony Korine have in common?
film director
Which record label released the album that had the lead single "Look What You Made Me Do"?
Big Machine Records
Why did the adopted stray of the Clinton White House have to find a new home?
owing to continuing conflicts with Clinton's dog
The Roman Catholic Bishop from the French-speaking canton in westen Switzerland during what years?
1970 to 1995
In which year did this American country music singer and songwriter, who recorded "Whistlin' Dixie" receive a nomination for Country Music Association Awards Song of the Year?
2015
The master plan for the urban quarter Euralille in France was commissioned in 1988 to the OMA led by someone who was born in what year? 
1944
The person who the Russian Air Force Military Educational and Scientific Center is named after, was the first human to journey where?
outer space
Who is the full Professor at Stockholm University who won a Nobel Peace Prize for the discovery of asymptomatic freedom in quantum chromodynamics?
Frank Wilczek
Linoleum is an EP by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation, it contains a satirical spoken bonus track, and a cover of "Yellow Raven" by Scorpions, a German rock band formed in 1965, in Hanover by who?
Rudolf Schenker
Did Stephen Vincent Benét and Robert Desnos have the same nationality ?
no
Which band was formed first Lit or Every Avenue?
Lit
In which city, the largest coastal city in northern China, can Helcystogramma perelegans be found?
Tianjin
Georgina Campbell won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actress in 2015 for her role along side which actor ?
Royce Pierreson
Are both The Darling Buds and Shinedown from the same country?
no
Was the film "Boogie" based on the Argentine character Bookie directed by Gustavo Cova or was "A Town Called Panic" a 2009 internationally co-produced stop-motion animated adventure fantasy comedy family film directed by Gustavo Cova?
Boogie
Were Edwin Greenwood and Andrew Lau Wai-Keung both directors?
yes
What year did the recorder of Young Man Mose die?
2016
In what series did one of America's most successful living authors call Frank C. Barnes House haunted?
Ramona Quimby series
What state capital did Samuel Holyoke die in?
Concord, New Hampshire
Are GO and Midwest Living both regional publications?
no
Lillian Sefton Dodge Estate is located in what village in Nassau County, New York?
Mill Neck
When did the husband of Rufina Ivanovna Pukhova die?
11 May 1988
The best selling beer in Hong Kong is a Filipino pale lager established in what year?
1890
Submarine Squadron 7 is a squadron of submarines of the United States Navy based at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam,Pearl Harbor, a lagoon harbor on what island?
Oahu
If it Feels Good Do it is featured in what 2004 film starring Emile Hirsch and Elisha Cuthbert?
The Girl Next Door
Curie Metropolitan High School was named after a Nobel Prize laureate that conducted pioneering research on what?
radioactivity
What is the name of the American artist who designed sculptures for a hotel and casino that features carnival games on its Midway?
Montyne
Who developed the Arena Located between West Manchester Boulevard, across Pincay Drive and Kareem Court ?
Jack Kent Cooke
How large is the crater on Titania that is named after Queen of Denmark in Hamlet?
326 km across
When did the airline Niki schedule their destinations?
March 2017
Who directed this 2001 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Jun Ji-hyun and the actor from "Hello Ghost" (2010)?
Kwak Jae-yong
The Catholic Channel is a Roman Catholic lifestyle radio station on Sirius XM Satellite Radio (Channel 129) and is operated by the Archdiocese of New York, a regular contributor is the Archbishop of New York, and an American cardinal of the Catholic Church?
Timothy Michael Dolan
Mia Hansen-Løve won the Silver Bear in  Berlin in 2016 for the film starring whom?
Isabelle Huppert
Which of the Stangeria and Scindapsus flowering plants is found in more regions?
Scindapsus
Steven Brill, is an American actor, film producer, director, and screenwriter, he directed which 2002 American comedy film directed by Steven Brill and starring Adam Sandler and Winona Ryder?
Mr. Deeds
In the video game Batman: Arkham City Lockdown which villain returns from the dead? 
Solomon Grundy
This American actress, singer, and songwriters film roles include a road-comedy-adventure film released by who?
Walt Disney Pictures
Word Ways: The Journal of Recreational Linguistics is a quarterly magazine on recreational linguistics and logology, who is the statistician at Bell Labs, became editor until 2006, Nokia Bell Labs (formerly named AT&T Bell Laboratories, Bell Telephone Laboratories and Bell Labs) is an American research and scientific development company, owned by Finnish company Nokia?
A. Ross Eckler, Jr.
Off the Wall was a film that starred which actor known for roles in musical theatre?
Patrick Cassidy
In what year was the National Guard Unit founded that saw three of its member followed in the 2006 documentary The War Tapes?
1680
Plutarch of Athens wrote commentaries on what Greek philosopher, whose writings constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy?
Aristotle
What is the name of this French-Italian multinational electronics and semiconductor manufacturer headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, and part of a joint venture with Ericsson called ST-Ericsson?
STMicroelectronics
Who was the director of the 1972 British horror film in which the actor, who played Leopold Mozart in "Amadeus", played a role?
Freddie Francis
Reeth Abraham is an athlete from Bengaluru, India and former champion in long jump and 100 meters hurdles, at which biennial multi-sport event held among the athletes from South Asia?
South Asian Games
What Italian-American Mafia gangster was a cousin of Willie Moretti?
Frank Costello
Johnetta "Netta" Elzie is an American civil rights activist, she co-edits the Ferguson protest newsletter, "This Is the Movement" with which fellow American, civil rights activist, and former school administrator?
DeRay Mckesson
Which mountain is the 103rd tallest mountain in the world: Siguang Ri or Tongshanjiabu?
Tongshanjiabu
Are both Pecom 32 and Applix 1616 based in Australia?
no
Which documentary premiered first, The Civil War or Prince Among Slaves?
The Civil War
Where is the largest ROTC program in the United States located?
Fort Sam Houston, Texas
When was the book written that the movie The Snowman was made after?
2007
What is the website that is an offshoot of the magazine which, in 2005, ranked Guillermo Vilas as the 15th-best male player of the preceding 40 years
"tennis.com"
What was the date of birth of the jockey that rode Mine That Bird to victory?
November 7, 1966
What Canadian actor born in 1966 starts in "In the Name of the King 2: Two Worlds"?
Lochlyn Munro
Shengxing Station has restaurants that specialize in the cuisine that is native to what country?
Taiwan
When was American former professional basketball player.inwhich Blit represented David Kuchinsky in his suit against born
December 5, 1982
The actress that plays Dawn Denbo on "The L Word" also stars with Amanda Peet and Oliver Platt in a 2010 film directed by who?
Nicole Holofcener
Who directed the 2016 Netflix anthology Zazie Beetz appeared in? 
Joe Swanberg
What year saw the release of the first album by the boy band featured in a remix of Todo Cambio?
2016
What was the nationality of the author, on whose novels,  the River Kings mini series was based ?
Australian
Having the combination of excellent foot speed and bat speed helped Eric Davis, create what kind of outfield for the Los Angeles Dodgers? 
"Outfield of Dreams"
Who released the album that "Stylo" was a single on in the United States?
Virgin Records
What country does Dobi-III and Kaunas Airport have in common?
Lithuania
Who was born first, Carlos Castaneda or Jon Krakauer?
Carlos Castaneda
Which east-west road leads to a theme park that opened in Winter Haven, FL in 2011?
State Road 540
How bad was the nuclear accident that Wendall Woodbury reported on?
the most significant accident
Gen. John Stark House was acquired by what textile manufacturer which founded Manchester, New Hampshire
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company
Innocent Pictures ApS is a Danish independent film company founded in 2001, originally as a subsidiary of Lars von Trier's film company Zentropa, which is best known for the production of the erotic feature film, All About Anna is a Danish film released in which year, directed by Jessica Nilsson?
2005
Midnattssol in english is which natural phenomenon that occurs in the summer months in places north of the Arctic Circle or south of the Antarctic Circle?
Midnight sun
What American rock band has a song title that refers to the nickname of the Paul Brown Stadium?
Guns N' Roses
What had four separate designs and replaced The PowerBook and iBook lines?
MacBook
When was the American entrepreneur died who founded The Center for Governmental Research, Inc?
March 14, 1932
Which American adult animated sitcom on Adult Swim featured the "The Fried Chicken Flu" episode?
The Boondocks
ECI was established by Ben Affleck and another who if the daughter of who?
former Congressman Pat Williams and former Montana Senate Majority Leader Carol Williams
A water dragon in England known as a peg powler is similar to a water spirit connected to the monster in 'Beowul' called what?
Grindylow
Which actor played the physically abusive teacher in a 2001 highest grossing film?
Kim Kwang-kyu
What American rapper was a guest judge for "Project Runway:  Under the Gunn"?
Macklemore
Which movie is an American animated film, The Watercolor or Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Fantastic Mr. Fox
Which former roommate of Mark Zuckerberg owns 53 million Facebook shares? 
Eduardo Saverin
Who created the fictional character that became the star of the War is Hell series in issue #9?
Mike Friedrich and Jim Starlin
Who wrote the song, originally recorded in 1956 and one of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll, "I Put a Spell on You" that appeared on British singer Sonique's debu studiot album?
Jay Hawkins
The guitarist and writer of "Whole Lotta Rosie" was ranked 24th in a list of 100 greatest guitarists by what magazine?
Rolling Stone
What style music are both the band The Coral Sea and the band The Mountain Goats?
indie
What beverage dates back to 5th millienium and has some of the oldest recipes written in Summerian
Beer
What University located in New Jersey did William Trager attend?
Rutgers University
What position does the individual who collaborated with Wolfgang Rindler to popularize the use of spinors in general relativity hold at the Mathematical Institute of the University of Oxford?
Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics
Which DC comics fictional character is played by Sirena Irwin using only voice?
Mera
Which Belizean rapper, also known as Shyne, is famous for the song "Bad Boyz"
Moses Michael Levi
Were Dolan v. City of Tigard and Gravel v. United States heard in the same year?
no
Ralph Schuckett played on albums by what American musical duo from Philadelphia?
Hall & Oates
Which magazine was published first, Who Put the Bomp or The Believer?
Who Put the Bomp
Tata Movus is manufactured by a company headquartered in what city?
Mumbai
Satan's Mistress stars the stage and film director also known for his part on what crime drama?
Ironside
When was the first airing of a British entertainment show presented by a man who was briefly a professional footballer?
8 April 2012
 Gimhae International Airport is the main hub for what low-cost airline based in Busanjin-gu, Busan, Republic of Korea
Air Busan
Who acquired the publisher of some of Ben Raab's stories?
The Walt Disney Company
When was the indie rock band which has a member of Broken Bells as the lead vocalist and guitarist formed? 
1996
Nicola Mendelsohn is a a non-executive director of Diageo, which was taken over by which Chinese company in 2017?
China's Kweichow Moutai
The city that hosted the 1996 Summer Paralympics is the seat of what county?
Fulton County
What is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA Division, that has Binghamton University competing in it?
America East Conference
Are Dee Dee Ramone and Steve Augeri both singers?
yes
Granite Peak is 12 miles north of what place where the last mining operation closed in 1990?
McDermitt
What new computer design did the chief executive officer of Apple Inc.suggest?
vertical orientation
"The Hills of Connemara" is an Irish folk song written by Sean McCarthy about Irish moonshine, or what?
Poitín
When was the film, of which Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha is a remake, released in the United States ?
May 5, 1995
What was the home town of the musician who recorded  a 1937 song featuring trumpet played by Buck Clayton?
Red Bank, New Jersey
Which case dealt with the 4th Amendment, Schmerber v. California or Michigan v. EPA?
Schmerber v. California
What is the name of the band who released a remix album that alludes to the campaign slogan MAGA?
Fall Out Boy
What cocktail has more alcohol, the Apple-Kneel or the Corpse Reviver?
The Corpse Reviver
Which restaurant chain has a larger international presence, Sarpino's Pizzeria or Donatos Pizza?
Sarpino's Pizzeria
Anna Miełżyńska was the great-grandmother of which Queen consort of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Catherine Opalińska
Patriot Games is a spy thriller film, acted in by Harrison ford that is based on what?
Tom Clancy's novel of the same name
When was the maternal uncle of Popiel I died who was the notable author of Latin prose?
15 March 44 BC
In which year wast the historic Alabama district that is home to the federally owned corporation pushed by the efforts of Senator George W. Norris founded?
1818
What lead vocalist and guitar player compared bug hunting?
Justin Hawkins
Barcelona is the second solo album recorded by a singer known for his four-octave what?
vocal range
What building in the 14th largest city in Georgia was a work of architect Lloyd Barton Greer?
Barber-Pittman House
Which English military advisor on the "Mayflower" had a fort named after him on Lovell's Island, Massachusetts?
Myles Standish
Andrea Ojeda represents Argentina at international and Olympic level at football, and plays for which famous Buenos Aires club?
Boca Juniors
What junior rollercoaster is designed to look like it has actual animals in the train in the FantasyLand section at Magic Kingdom?
The Barnstormer
What movie is show in a the link language of Mahl-dominated Minicoy Island?
Onnu Muthal Poojyam Vare
Who has played in more bands, Nell Sigland or Ezra Koenig?
Nell Sigland
Joseph Aloysius Riggert played for an American professional baseball team that was offically renamed in what year?
1900
Are both Kai Hansen and Piotr Wiwczarek known for being guitarists for their respective bands?
yes
What year was the person who played Shelby in Glee born?
1971
From what album was Late Orchestration's bonus track?
Late Registration
Are Driver Friendly and Candlelight Red from the same country?
yes
Which British economist was Erwin Rothbarth a research assistant for that changed the theory of economics?
John Maynard Keynes
What role did Ephraim Sykes play in a Broadway musical about Philip Hamilton?
George Eacker
What year was the author of "Of Human Bondage" born?
1874
When was the actress who played Dinah born?
March 19, 1976
When was the sovereign duke of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha diedto whom Symphony No. 2 in C major, Op. 140 dedicated to?
22 August 1893
The music of Old Crow Medicine Show has been called a genre of music developed along with various North American dances such as square dancing, clogging and what?
buck dancing
Shuna Harwood was nominated for an Academy Award for her costume design work on "Richard III" which was set  in what fictional era?
1930s Britain
Who has more scope of tennis playing, Stefan Edberg or Barbara Jordan?
Stefan Bengt Edberg
"Should I Go" samples Coldplay's song, Clocks, which was written for which album?
A Rush of Blood to the Head
The Hong Kong martial artist and actor who starred in Forbidden Nights is also known for his role as who in the "Mortal Combat" film series?
Liu Kang
Raja Jean Fenske (born September 25, 1988) is an American actor, probably best known for his role as Jake Behari in Nickelodeon's "Unfabulous" alongside Emma Roberts and which  American actress and singer, born on February 18, 1991?
Elizabeth Melise Jow
Electro Morocco is an Israeli American electronic music band from Brooklyn, New York, a state in the northeastern region, of which country?
United States
When was the French businessman who serves as the chief executive office for the French multinational mass media conglomerate headquartered in Paris and formerly Vivendi Universal SA  born?
26 April 1964
In what local government area is the town where The Bay to Birdwood run finishes? 
Adelaide Hills Council
Which author rose to popularity first, W. Somerset Maugham or Madeleine L'Engle?
W. Somerset Maugham
What do Marty Riessen and Ilie Năstase have in common?
professional tennis player
For what kind of children does the California-based nonprofit organization that works with school districts and local communities and helps educators with state initiatives such as the educational initiative in the United States that details what K–12 students should know in English language arts and mathematics at the end of each grade, work with?
underprivileged and low-income
Which indoor arena located on the corner of North 4th and West State Streets in Milwalkee, Wisconsion hosed the 2008 McDonald's All-American Boys Game?
Bradley Center
What network did the show The Money Maze, which was hosted by Nick Clooney air on?
ABC
ean-Hugues Anglade,is a French actor, film director and screenwriter, best known for his roles as who, is a 1986 French film?
Zorg
Between Lauri Markkanen and Jimmy Butler III, who was taken higher in their respective draft year?
he was taken by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 7th overall pick
What nationality is the footballer who along withOlić, Ribéry, and Schweinsteiger scored when Hayden thrashed Bremen 4-0 in the  2010 DFB-Pokal Final ? 
Dutch
Which game was released first, YINSH or DVONN?
DVONN
Pallavi Seshayyer was an expert of which form of singing in Carnatic music which allows the musicians to improvise to a great extent?
Ragam-Thanam-Pallavi
Are Changde and Fenyang both under the administration of Lüliang?
no
The a German chemist who received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1918 reported the smell of what war gas allegedly developed by the French chemist Eugène Turpin?
Turpenite
Were the movies The Shaggy D.A. and The Light in the Forest created in the same year?
no
In which region of France was the opera Sabinus first performed ?
the Île-de-France region of France
What is the nationality of the actor playing the part of The radio DJ in the film "A Christmas Horror Story" ?
Canadian
Take It Easy and Alhambra, are which type of entertainment?
board game
Are Eurya or Syzygium jambos types of animals?
no
The Seven Seas Lagoon allows for the use of Disney ferryboats that transport guests between the Magic Kingdom and what transportation hub?
Transportation and Ticket Center
Which composer of the romantic era was born first, Carl Maria von Weber or Georges Bizet?
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber
François Audouy designed "The Wolverine" and its 2017 sequel which goes by what name?
Logan
What was the nationality of the man under whose apprenticeship Igor Stravinsky composed The Symphony in E-flat major?
Russian
What is the process and purpose of the Debug Project being conducted by Google's parent company?
interrupting the reproductive cycle
Alice B. Toklas's partner moved to Paris in what year? 
1903
In which enclaved microstate did voters pass two referendums on 29 October 2013?
San Marino
What television station did the series staring an actress that also was popular for her roles in "The Heirs" and "Descendants of the Sun" appear on?
KBS2
Where did the tribe inhabit that the electoral district was named after that include an outer southern suburb of Adelaide that lies within the City of Onkaparinga and has the postcode 5173?
Adelaide plains
Who served as junior minister being known for his colorful ties and waistcoasts under the oldest living Prime Minister of the United Kingdom? 
Eric Forth
Jewel House is a vault containing how many historic royal ceremonial objects?
140
Witch mountain is closer to Mount Everest, Baintha Brakk or Nuptse?
Nuptse
Which Genus has more species Cryptomeria or Smilax ?
Smilax
Laika Come Home is a Gorillaz remix album released in July 2002, it contains most of the songs from the Gorillaz' first album, "Gorillaz", released on which date, but remixed in dub and reggae style?
26 March 2001
Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for "Home", a 2015 animation film based on the 2007 children book "The True Meaning of Smekday" by Adam Rex, Rihanna's "Towards the Sun",  were released as singles to promote the album,  the song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for the soundtrack, song was set to impact mainstream radio on which date, however the radio release was cancelled?
March 17, 2015
Which nuclear waste repository near Las Vegas Valley is represented by children's cartoon character Yucca Mountain Johnny?
Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository
Which opera was first performed in 1807, Falstaff or La vestale?
La vestale
The Coppin State Eagles women's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Coppin State University, a historically black college located in what state?
Maryland
What is the name of 27-storey mansion on Altamount Road that has a staff of 600 to maintain it?
Antilia
Which boxer was defeated by George Chuvalo and died in 1999?
Cleveland Williams
Who is the publisher of the PC-based shooter video game who's console version is Unreal Championship?
Infogrames
The man that commissioned the Flint House is Honorary President of what institue?
Institute for Jewish Policy Research
Are McGhee Tyson Airport and Bradley International Airport both military airports?
yes
Who is the yougest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and Jeffrey Bonas that starred in the 2017 American supernatural horror film "The Bye Bye Man:?
Cressida Curzon Bonas
Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire and Rosenberger v. University of Virginia, have which government organization in common?
United States Supreme Court
Bonus Bait and Mr. Scruff came from what culture?
British
On what day was the album that contains "Small Bump" released?/
9 September 2011
What park is the home stadium for a baseball team coached by Tm Tadlock?
Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park
What Korean-American singer is judging a Koran talent show?
Ailee
El Americano: The Movie featured the voice of an American comedian comically known as what?
Fluffy
Both Philip Marlowe, Private Eye, and an American Western television Series produced by David Milch feature which actor? 
Powers Boothe
Are both Nome Airport and Mercedita Airport public use airports?
yes
Halmich Park is in which county?
Macomb County
Location is the lead single from the album released on what date?
March 3, 2017
What was Giovanni Aldini's uncle recognized as the pioneer of?
bioelectromagnetics
Zara is a villain in the comics produced by which company?
DC Comics
The benefit concert "New York Steel" held by this American former professional baseball catcher who played 16 seasons who had how many home runs?
427
Is the company that owns Klaipėda railway station private or state-owned?
state-owned
What song by Richard and Karen Carpenter was covered on Nicki Fench's album Secrets?
For All We Know
Who owned the record company during which time Ritchie Valens sung the song most notably covered by Los Lobos?
Bob Keane
Edward Otho Cresap Ord, II was a United States Army Major who served with a regiment whose colors reside in what state?
New York
Which Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity is upheld by Sams’K Le Jah?
Haile Selassie
The producer of the 1983 American romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne that had an influence on other 1980s films including "Top Gun" (1986) is Chairman and CEO of which industry?
Mandalay Entertainment
Chris Moore found success with the 1997 drama film directed by whom?
Gus Van Sant
How many players usually plays the card game Micheal Keiner was best known for?
Two to eight players
How far north-east is Góry of the city known in German as Breslau?
57 km
The Boonslick, or Boone's Lick Country, is a cultural region of Missouri along the Missouri River that played an important role in the westward expansion of the United States, the region takes its name from a salt spring or "lick" in western Howard County, where Nathan and Daniel Morgan Boone, sons of which famed frontiersman, an American pioneer, explorer, woodsman, and frontiersman, whose frontier exploits made him one of the first folk heroes of the United States?
Daniel Boone
Which university offers more majors, University of South Florida or Ural Federal University?
Ural Federal University
What is the show that features a 20 second episode called "All or Nothing" and was created by Ryan Murphy?
Glee
In what year was the head coach of the 2009–10 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team born?
1975
Scottish actor and voice actor, David Tennant, is the voice of Scrooge in what new show that premiered on August 12, 2017 with a 44 minute special entitled "Woo-oo!"?
DuckTales
Elizabeth Tinnon was a bronze medalist in a competition held among athletes from nations of the Americas, every four years, in the year before what?
Summer Olympic Games
Which writer was from France, Marguerite Duras or Ryūnosuke Akutagawa?
Marguerite Duras
Which major riverine port city on the South Bank in India publishes the Assamese daily newspaper Amar Asom?
Guwahati
 Les nuits d'été is a song cycle by a romantic composer who made significant contributions to the modern orchestra with what?
Treatise on Instrumentation
What country of origin does Claude Debussy and Emmanuel Chabrier have in common?
French
The final stretch of the 2015 Chilean telethon was held at a stadium that has an official capacity of how much?
48,665
What year was the director of Deadly Relations born?
1955
This television presenter and former model worked on a shows like Splash! and a british game based on what show?
Family Feud
What actor born September 3, 1965 acted in the 1998 American science fiction film Arrival II?
Charlie Sheen
Which Indian author of British descent wrote the fictional novella "A Flight of Pigeons"?
Ruskin Bond
The castle David Gregory inherited in 1664 has how many storeys?
five
Which was an American Novelist, Roberto Bolaño or Terry Southern?
Terry Southern (May 1, 1924 – October 29, 1995) was an American novelist
What country did Gustavo Cerati begin the band Soda Stereo in?
Argentina
T.J. Lottie is married to an AMerican retired professional basketball player who is best known for his none year stint with what team?
Detroit Pistons
Sister Cupid is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film starring the first Asian actress to win a prize at what?
Cannes Film Festival
Vincent Fantauzzo, is a Melbourne-based Australian portrait artist known for his award winning portraits of Heath Ledger, was an Australian actor and director, Ledger left for the United States in which year, to develop his film career?
1998
How far from Central London is the stadium West Ham United F.C. plays at?
6+1/2 mi
What airline is based on the Big Island of Hawaii and has a former CEO from Washington?
Mokulele Airlines
Are James Walsh and Bill Champlin the same nationality?
no
When was the brother of Russ Haas born?
March 27, 1972
Milan, Washington is located along a railroad that operated until what year?
1996
What hit single spent seven weeks on top of the Billboard 100 and was featured on the album "12 Inches of Snow"?
Informer
Between Fred C. Newmeyer and Diminas Dagogo, who has more diverse film-making experiences?
Fred C. Newmeyer
In what year was the jazz combo, that released the album "Music from Odds Against Tomorrow", established?
1952
Who is older, Maria Sharapova or Heather Watson?
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova
What is the birthday of the oldest amon Marsha Cheeks and Kwame Kilpatrick?
March 7, 1956
The Love You Take is a duet song that was featured on the soundtrack for the American Christmas comedy film, a modernization of Charles Dickens's "A Christmas Carol" released in what year?
1988
What was screened first, The Wild or WALL-E?
The Wild
The Minneapolis Forum Cafeteria was located at 36 South 7th Street originally constructed in 1914, a 1930 reconstruction created a cafeteria with a stunning Art Deco interior of black onyx and pale green tiles, and which type of ships were marine vessels of unique design, built by the Vikings during the Viking Age?
Viking ships
In Too Deep stars which American character actor born on November 11, 1960?
Stanley Tucci
What is the birth year of this British Conservative Party politician, who won the Crewe and Nantwich by-election, 2008?
1973
What profession do Adrienne Anderson and Barry Manilow share?
songwriter
What position at the University of Georgia is currently held by the person who replaced Jack Del Rio for the Jacksonville Jaguars?
defensive coordinator
Who directed the 2003 American horror film in which Desmond Harrington appeared?
Rob Schmidt
Wie bist du, Frühling, gut und treu ("Springtime, how good and faithful you are"), WAB 58 is a lied composed in 1856, by which Austrian composer best known for his symphonies, masses, and motets?
Anton Bruckner
The two-woman bobsleigh competition at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, was held at the Whistler Sliding Centre in Whistler, British Columbia, on 20–21 February, one of Great Britain's team, was which Scottish track and field athlete and bobsledder, born on 3 October 1982?
Gillian Cooke
What Chicago collective had a member release a free mixtape?
Save Money
What is the current name of the city whose previous name is the same as the movie featuring the song "Humma Humma"?
Mumbai
The Rosedale Center serving 12 million visitors a year can be found on which bus rapid transit line in Twin Cities in Minnesota?
The A Line
In what country did the revolutionary wave, of which the 2011 Omani protests were a part, begin?
Tunisia
Who was the second wife of the artist who created pinscreen scenes for an Orson Welles film?
Claire Parker
What is the nationality of the designer of the SooperDooperLoope?
German
What was the full name of the father of Herbert von Bismarck?
Otto Eduard Leopold
The Grimsby Fishing Heritage Centre is a heritage attraction at Alexandra Dock, Grimsby, Lincolnshire, tours of the fishing trawler "Ross Tiger" are available, a traditional side-winder fishing trawler that was converted into a museum ship in which year?
1992
George Wichham has an addiction to a hobby which has harmful negative consequences. What is severe cases diagnosed as?
Severe problem gambling may be diagnosed as clinical pathological gambling
In what 2016 film did Chad Willett star in with Danny Glover?
Monster Trucks
Rush City was packaged with a magazine that is a subsidiary of which media, events, and research technology group?
International Data Group
In what region of Italy did Wilfried Thurner earn his best finish in the Winter Olympics?
Veneto
Which school was founded first, Bahauddin Zakariya University or Cleveland State University?
Cleveland State University
What is the name of the association that the Chelsea Building Society is a member of?
Building Societies Association
What is the name of the band in which the member, who is known as the "Five Foot Assassin" and is featured on the song "La Schmoove," is part of?
A Tribe Called Quest
Both have travelled in space but which has completed more Space Shuttle missions: Jean-François Clervoy or Mark Shuttleworth?
Jean-François André Clervoy
Mixed Blood Majority shared a stage with the hip hop artist from what Minnesota city?
Minneapolis
Jon Arbuckle appeared in the computer animated television series based on the comics by whom?
Jim Davis
who is the lead singer of the Belgian band K's Choice, Marcus Cooper or Sarah Bettens ?
Sarah Bettens
For which sport did the star of film Valley of the Head Hunters win an Olympic bronze medal ?
water polo.
Before March 2008 which of the following BBC Radio studios were you able to listen to the David Bussey Show: Newport Arch in Lincoln on 94.9 (most of the county) and 104.7 (Grantham) FM, 1368 (Swanpool, west Lincoln) AM, and/or BBC Radio Humberside?
Newport Arch in Lincoln on 94.9 (most of the county) and 104.7 (Grantham) FM, 1368 (Swanpool, west Lincoln) AM
What American actress from the early 1990s starred in the American comedy-drama film Roommates?
Julianne Moore
Which company owned by Matt Groening features a logo with the letter "C" formed by a reflected surfboard?
The Curiosity Company
Who wrote the book from which the movie was adapted that Elliot Goldenthal won the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 2002 for?
Hayden Herrera
Good-bye, My Lady features a boy taking in what stray breed of hunting dog?
Basenji
Led Zeppelin Deluxe Edition was a set of albums released by the group who formed on what date?
12 January 1969
Don Bradman, who was in the movie The Flying Doctor, was known as the greatest what of all time?
batsman
Where did the actor who created the characters Jiminy Glick and Ed Grimley star in a performance with Jennifer Chambers?
Los Angeles
Coleman Francis and William Dieterle, have which occupations in common?
actor and film director
By which professor from the territory's second oldest university (CUHK) the post-reform era Socialism 3.0 was proposed?
Professor Wang Shaoguang
The 1997 Brownlow Medal nominees included which former player who was ineligible due to suspension?
Christopher Lee "Chris" Grant
What sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia speaks Portuguese?
East Timor
Krampus, the "Christmas Devil" of Austrian and Bavarian folklore, has entered the popular culture of North America; who noted,  that "thanks to the Internet and YouTube [Krampus] is now very much on America's Christmas radar", an Internet meme, is an activity, concept, catchphrase or piece of media which spreads, often as mimicry or for humorous purposes, from person to person, via the Internet?
Christian Jacobs
John Vinocur served as the metropolitan editor at which American daily newspaper, founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18, 1851?
New York Times
What film's song was played at the funeral of a second lieutenant in the United States Army?
"Ladies in Lavender"
The MG 08 machine gun was an adaptation of a gun invented by who?
Hiram Stevens Maxim
Who directed a 2004 film that featured Australian Actor Bryan Neathway Brown?
John Hamburg
When did the school that Randall Cunningham II attends open?
1954
What singer released the theme song for "Rocky III"?
Dave Bickler
Cheryll Boren Heinze, was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 2003 to 2005, and was first cousin to which American folk music singer-songwriter, guitarist and a film and television actor, that became prominent in the early-1960s?
Hoyt Axton
When was the Spanish painter and sculptor died who's works were published by Cahiers d'Art?
8 April 1973
When was the job site created that has Jeff Taylor as it's founder ?
1999
Jimmy Urine and Mark Hoppus, have which mutual occupations?
singer, songwriter, and musician
Which band was created earlier, EMF or the Nine Black Alps?
EMF
The owner of the YouTube channel WinterSpringPro was partnered with which other YouTube personality for Amazing Race 22?
Meghan Camarena
Which summer resort colony is part of Southport, Maine?
Squirrel Island, Maine
Sky and Sand is a song by German electronic music producers Paul Kalkbrenner and who?
Fritz Kalkbrenner
Which band has more members, The Border Surrender or Morphine?
The Border Surrender
Dezadeash Lake is located in the territory that has what capital?
Whitehorse
What city was JaMarcus Russell's college football team stadium located?
Baton Rouge
The animated Christmas television special that included the song "Christmas Time Is Here" is based on what comic strip?
Peanuts
Charlie Simpson and Yang Seung-ho are both in musical groups consistiing entirely of which sex?
male
The first African-American woman to be elected a diocesan bishop succeeded a woman who annouced her retirement during what convention?
2015 Diocesan Convention
he breakfast roll (Irish: "rollóg bhricfeasta" ) is a bread roll filled with elements of which breakfast meal that typically includes bacon, sausages, eggs, other cooked foods and a beverage such as coffee or tea?
full breakfast
What was the city, in which Kiyoyuki Yanada born, formerly known as?
Edo
Who was one of the most important producers-directors of the German silent cinema, Maya Deren or Frederic Zelnik ?
Frederic Zelnik
Anderson Silva has been lauded by the current president of what organization?
Ultimate Fighting Championship
In what city did Isaac Merritt Singer's company use offices in 120 S. State St?
Chicago, Illinois
What type of alcoholic beverage is served at the brewery established in 1634 during the annual festival at Nockherberg ?
German beer
What is the parent company of the non-British airline company for which William Mathew Walsh is CEO? 
International Airlines Group (IAG)
Did writers Milan Kundera and John Berger both live in France?
yes
AKS Lytham was formed from the merger of King Edwards VII and Queen Mary School and which independent school in Blackpool, Lancashire, England?
Arnold School
At what age did Natalie Toro debut at the Apollo Theater?
five
Ghaznī, also historically known as Ghaznīn, or Ghazna, is a city in Afghanistan with a population of nearly 150,000 people, it is linked by which 2,200 kilometre two-lane road network circulating inside Afghanistan, connecting the following major cities (clockwise): Kabul, Maidan Shar, Ghazni, Kandahar, Delaram, Herat, Sheberghan, Mazari Sharif, and Puli Khumri?
Highway 1
Which member of the Bee Gees Line up was born on 22 December 1949 ?
Maurice Gibb
Spencer List, is an American teen actor, and he made a guest appearance on Bunk'd, an American sitcom that premiered on the Disney Channel, on which date?
July 31, 2015
What actor who played roles in both "The Manchurian Candidate" and "Barney Miller" also featured in American anthology series "Police Story"?
James Gregory
What type of category does Cassiope and Pediocactus have in common?
genus
How many Bombardier Dash 8's does the airline that operates flights to other communities in Finnmark from Honningsvåg Airport, Valan have?
41
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards were hosted by someone who was born in what year?
1973
What's the NASDAQ ticker symbol of Hostess Brands, maker of the Twinkie cake?
TWNK
"Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" was written by Mike Scully and guest starred Frank Welker as a pet greyhound who was introduced in a special called what?
Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
The song "9 Piece" performed by rapper Rick Ross was on the soundtrack of which movie written, directed and produced by Sofia Coppola?
The Bling Ring
What is the name of the site on the largest of the Dodecanese islands in terms of land area and also the island group's historical capital, which has an area of 178.900 km?
Lindos
Gyp Rosetti worked for the boss of which New York Crime Family?
Genovese
the National Film Award (Silver Lotus Award) for Best Male Playback singer was won six times for 4 different languages by Indian film playback singer who has won the Guinness World Record for recording the highest what?
number of songs
Charlestown State Park was once part of an annumition plant built in what year?
1941
Cecilia Pillado was born in Mendoza, Argentina, a province located on the eastern or western side of the Andes?
eastern side
British writer Victoria Coren Mitchel once worked for the "Erotic Review" but went on to host what BBC television quiz show?
Only Connect
Ian McDiarmid who stars in City of Vice was also famous for being which character in Star Wars?
Palpatine
What is the surface area of the mall built with a hotel from a management company headquartered in Baar, Switzerland?
50,000 m2
Preacher was an adaptation of the comic book written by the writer of what nationality?
Northern Irish
Are both Yasunari Kawabata and Antonin Artaud from the same country?
no
Are Appleton International Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport in the same country?
yes
What former LSU Tigers defensive coordinator led the 2015 Youngstown State Penguins football team?
Bo Pelini
During the 2010 Dutch general election, which current Prime Minister led the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy?
Mark Rutte
Who is known for having worked as chief designer at Givenchy from 1996 to 2001 and for founding his own Alexander McQueen label, who's work was worn by Icelandic musician Björk? 
Lee Alexander McQueen
The song  "The Church on Cumberland Road" was recorded by a music group founded in what city and state?
Muscle Shoals, Alabama
When did the men's adult pornographic magazine in which Demi Moore appeared in 1981 cease publication?  
2007
The crime drama that documents that murder of eight people in Notting Hill, London has how many parts?
three-part biographical crime drama
What countries are bordered by the second largest mountain range in Europe? 
Norway and Sweden
What kind of motorcycle club was informant Dany Kane a member of?
one-percenter motorcycle club
How many novels did the writer of The Same Door write?
more than twenty
What are Sidney Morgan and William Friedkin known for?
film director
Power on Earth is a biography of Mafia-linked Italian banker and accused murderer Michele Sindona written by who, it also details his connections with the Gambino crime family, the Franklin National Bank, based in Franklin Square in Long Island, New York was once the United States' 20th largest bank?
Nick Tosches
Howe many tracks were on the orginal 1986 tape of the band featuring an American Bassist born in 1967
six
Colin Brady played in which 2004 dark comedy film adapted directed by Brad Silberling?
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events
What award did the husband of Jean MacArthur earn for his service in the Phillipines campaign?
Medal of Honor
Who helped develop nuclear power, and also worked with Ernest Walton?
John Cockcroft
How many Academy Awards did the actor, who featured in the film, Stand By for Action win ?
three
John Campbell, 5th Duke of Argyll retired to a castle located on the shore of what loch?
Loch Fyne
The 2000 United States Senate election winner later resigned amid what investigation?
Senate Ethics Committee investigation
Which  American stand-up comedian featured in Fort Night 
Sarah Kate Silverman
Stark Raving Mad stars which actor who plays Barney Stinson on "How I Met Your Mother"?
Neil Patrick Harris
When did the man overthrown in the Libyan Crisis become the leader of Libya?
1969
Which HBO series features an actor who made a movie in 1981 with George A. Romero?
Westworld
What British department store chain is an anchor store in the Mercat Shopping Center in Fife, Scottland?
British Home Stores
What aerospace, defense company produces the Selectable Lightweight Attack Munition?
Alliant Techsystems
The actress who portrayed Luna Lovegood also starred in an unfinished independent thriller drama based on the true story of who?
Archibald Hall
Where was the Belmont Mast and Skelton Transmitting Station based?
Penrith
Whose orchestra accompanied the First Lady of Song and other singers in a 1967 television special?
Nelson Riddle
What horror film, typically involving a violent psychopath stalking and murdering several people, was Caitlin Gerard in? 
Smiley
Are Mike Ness and Marc Bolan both guitarists?
yes
Are Buckinghamia and Aronia both a genus of shrubs?
no
How much is spent on the type of whiskey that 1792 Whiskey is in the United States?
about $2.7 billion
Ohrid Summer Festival has a musician who was born 8 December 1974. What is their name?
Julian Rachlin
In what year was the rapper whose fifth studio album was "Welcome To Haiti: Creole 101" born?
1969
Who has the highest scope of profession in Paul Rodgers or Bill Kaulitz
Bill Kaulitz
The director of Biutiful was born in what year?
1963
Who was born first, Kristina Mladenovic or Lleyton Hewitt?
Lleyton Glynn Hewitt
In what state does the documentary Brick City take place?
New Jersey
Dead Reign, a zombie apocalypse role-playing game, was published by which publisher who perhaps is best known for its popular, expansive "Rifts" series (1990-present)?
Palladium Books
Were the The Incredibles and Beauty and the Beast directed by the same person?
no
Who was born first Karel Reisz or Ralph Nelson ?
Ralph Nelson
Alex Orbison and Roy Orbison Jr are co-presidents of which publishing company?
Still Working Music Group
Which newspaper is located in the city known as the "nest of snakes"?
Novedades
Jack Sparrow is a song which was sung by Michale Bolton in a skit on which he made a reference to an American crime film which was directed by Brian De Palma and was made in what year?
1983
 The Mark VI monorail (or M-VI) is a monorail train used in the Walt Disney World Monorail System and the Las Vegas Monorail which connects several large casinos in what 2 unincorporated communities in Clark County, Nevada?
Paradise and Winchester
Imiliya is a town located in what pilgrimage site?
Lumbini
Southern Style Tour was headlined by which lead vocalist from Hootie and the Blowfish?
Darius Carlos Rucker
Riaz ur Rehman Saghar wrote songs for a Pakistani singer who has performed at Albert Hall, and what other prestigious venue?
The Kennedy Center
"International Love" features vocals from an R&B singer born in what town?
Tappahannock, Virginia
Raleigh was Right was composed in response to the exchange between Christopher Marlowe and the landed gentleman of what nationality?
English
What does Nonagon Infinity and King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard have in common? 
Australian psychedelic rock band
Which work was performed first, Acis and Galatea, or Dalibor?
Acis and Galatea
What is the name of this public research university and one of 10 campuses in the University of California system, where Harriet Dinerstein earned her Ph.D?
University of California, Santa Cruz
Kim Hwan-hee, is a South Korean actress, she  has starred in films such as The Wailing, a South Korean horror film directed by Na Hong-jin about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and illnesses, released in which year?
2016
When was the American privately held health technology company based in Palo Alto founded who's founder and CEO was Elizabeth Anne Holmes?
2003
Caitlin Ariana Sanchez is the second voice for the title character of a children series that won which award in 2003 ?
a Peabody Award
Which actor had a role in both the movies "Bridesmaids" and "Alice in Wonderland"?
Matt Lucas
Which dog breed is a crossbreed from the Alaskan husky group and pointing breeds: Black Russian Terrier or Eurohound?
Eurohound
What was the penalty given to the defendant convicted of murdering his girlfriend in Cristina Gutierrez's 1993 case? 
life sentence plus 30 years
What is the name of the American chef who is author of 'The Laws of Cooking' and who produced the television pilot 'Rebel Eats'?
Justin Warner
how is Research Machines 380Z and Amstrad PCW connected?
computer
What 2006 American musical fantasy comedy film, branched a tour called The Pick of Destiny Tour?
Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny
The song that is about a soul with incarnations in four different places in time and history is a single that is recorded by what record company?
Columbia Records
Which airport is closer to its nearest major city, El Paso International Airport or Seattle–Tacoma International Airport?
El Paso International Airport
Are  Jeff Mangum and Zack de la Rocha in the same industry?
yes
what does Contempo Magazine and Hello Mr. have in common?
magazine
Which of Zhucheng and Pingquan has more people?
Zhucheng
Iwan Rheon portrayed Ramsay Bolton on the television program based on the books by whom?
George R. R. Martin
Benita Valente was lauded for her interpretations of which German, later British, baroque composer?
George Frideric
The 9th AVN Awards were held at the hotel owned and operated by what company?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
The American television series Delvecchio starred what actor, known for playing Alex Rieger on Taxi, as the title character?
Judd Hirsch
Which careers did both Terence Young and Miklós Jancsó have in common?
film director and screenwriter
American actor James PAtrick Caviezel starred in what 2002 adventure drama film produced by Roger Birnbaum? The Count of Monte Cristo.
The Count of Monte Cristo
Which community served by Winnacunnet High School has a population of 4301
North Hampton
Who was the director of the film in which Charlie Hunnam played the role of Percy Fawcett?
James Gray
What is the nickname of the boxer that Krzysztof Zimnoch has an amateur win over?
The Bronze Bomber
How much does the buyer of Lavington Squate Shopping Center manage?
$6.9 billion
Scottish Member of Parliament, John Drummond, was the 3rd Lennoch of a 15th-century castle located where?
Perth and Kinross, in central Scotland
What song featured on the album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" (2013) was produced by DVLP?
Rap God
What is the nationality of the actor who costarred with Dennis Farina, Jamie Anne Allman, Ian Barford, Meredith Droeger, and Gary Cole in "The Last Rites of Joe May"?
American
R. G. Springsteen and Zheng Junli were both what?
director
On which video game system were Segaworld and Yokohama-based Joypolis park based?
Sega
What film starting William Petersen tracks a killer known as the tooth fairy?
Manhunter
What was the country of origin for the war members?
France
Ernest Jones is part of a Jewelers group headquartered in which city ?
Akron, Ohio
Which musician was born first, Lars Frederiksen or Thom Yorke?
Thomas Edward Yorke
Which magazine publishes more times per year, Food Network Magazine or Dime Magazine?
Food Network Magazine
What is the director of Pandamen's birthday?
18 January 1979
Karim Khalaf was Mayor of which West Bank city for 10 years in the late 20th century?
Ramallah
Shakey's Pizza and Mountain Mike's Pizza, are in which country?
United States
Where are shopping malls like The Promenade at Sagemore often located? 
affluent suburban areas
What was the first appearance for the character that Bella Donna Boudreaux is commonly associated with?
"Uncanny X-Men Annual"
Who was the English Bishop of London sometimes known as Lupus who wrote the recensions collectively known as "Recensions B"?
Wulfstan
The 2012 SEC Championship Game was played on which date, the game featured the Georgia Bulldogs, the 2012 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season?
December 1, 2012
The Last Blood is an action film that was made a year before the action film starting who as Inspector "Tequila" Yuen?
Chow Yun-fat
What is the date of birth of the person who was unsuccessfully challenged by R. J. Harris in 2010?
April 28, 1949
Where are one of the music group from which Freudian production was derived from? 
Toronto, Ontario
Bruno Tesch was part of the team that invented what cyanide-based pesticide?
Zyklon B
What actor has been in Oz and in the drama film Abundant Acreage Available?
Terry Kinney
What collection of paintings by Van Gogh included his painting Irises, which was one of several painting of irises?
Saint-Paul Asylum, Saint-Rémy
Gerlioz, is a Norwegian keyboardist for which Norwegian symphonic black metal band from Oslo, Norway, formed in 1993?
Dimmu Borgir
Two Lanes of Freedom includes the single that features which other singer-songwriter on vocals?
Taylor Swift
Vdara is located within this complex located on how many acres
76
Who was the only writer that co-wrote both 'Goon' and 'Goon: Last of the Enforcers'?
Jay Baruchel
Is Stella K. Abraham High School for Girls located on the south shore or north shore of Long Island? 
South Shore
Which film was directed by Vincent McEveety, Charley and the Angel orThe Haunted Mansion?
Charley and the Angel
How is Elson Moyo associated to the 2007 Zimbabwean coup d'état attempt?
deputy commander of the Air Force
Bad Köstritz is known for what variety of dark lager?
Schwarzbier
Were Murdock MacQuarrie and Cheick Oumar Sissoko natives of the same country?
no
The lecture "There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom" was done by a physicist that died in what year?
1988
What is the population of the town in which Joetex Asamoth Frimpong was born?
42,037
Dan Peters expressed his only regret as missing the chance to play drums on an album released by which label ?
DGC Records
1990 International Trans-Antarctica Expedition was sponsored by which American manufacturing company?
W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.
In what county is the Amos Morse House located at?
Norfolk County
Which  progressive dance characterized by long has similar Telemarks with Quickstep 
The foxtrot
Gerald Brom, an American gothic fantasy artist and illustrator, illustrated the 160 page novel "The Plucker." How many chapters are in the story?
22
The San Francisco Bay Naval Shipyard was a shipyard formed in 1965 as the combination of the Mare Island Naval Shipyard and the San Francisco Naval Shipyard, a United States Navy shipyard in what city?
San Francisco
Who is the English singer and musician who wrote the song "Something to Say"?
Joe Cocker
In which county is the city in which Time Hill is located ?
Hamilton County
Lingapuram is a village in India
Lingapuram is a village in Guntur district
In which district of Ghana can one find a fort, erected on the site of a previous Swedish trading post, built by the British between 1768 and 1770?
Jomoro district
BT Finniss was the first premier of what South Australian town?
Kingscote
Stephen L. Price, was a visual effects supervisor at which American motion picture visual effects company, that was founded in May 1975 by George Lucas?
Industrial Light & Magic (ILM)
Are Tori Amos and Eric Clapton from the same country?
no
Are both Erinacea and Prinsepia considered flowering plants?
no
Joachim Alcine is currently a training and sparring partner of a mixed martial artist who was born in which year ?
1981
In what year was the italian luxury fashion house, that Madonna collaborated with to produce sunglasses, founded?
1985
Do You Mind was sampled in the Drake song from which 2016 album?
Views
What is the name of this industrial city in Lithuania that is the birthplace of Ernestas Šetkus?
Tauragė
Neonopolis is located on which pedestrian mall and attraction in Las Vegas?
Fremont Street Experience
When was the production company that created a fourth animated adaptation of the X-Men characters incorporated?
January 25, 2008
One Way Ticket to Hell ...and Back is the second studio album by a band formed in which year ?
2000
What was the inspiration for the movie "Strange Magic" that was written by David Berenbaum?
William Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
Are the Polish Lowland Sheepdog and the Cursinu both native to Europe?
yes
Gilbert D. Hedden, was an American industrialist, politician and treasure hunter, and is most notable today for the progress he made in the 1930s, towards solving the treasure mystery at Oak Island, a 57 hectare privately owned island in Lunenburg County on the south shore of Nova Scotia, in which country?
Canada
What was the former parent company of the pharmacy chain that discovered and developed Flosequinan?
The Boots Company Plc
What is the year of the event that occured second, Charles Le Grice was born, or Samuel Coleridge was born?
1773
Cameron Diaz rose to stardom in "The Mask" (1994), who directed the drama film that was based on Jodi Picoult's novel of the same name?
Nick Cassavetes
which scottish band formed in 1968 has No Mean City as  the tenth studio album
Nazareth
The top draft pick of the 1999-2000 Los Angeles Clippers season what born in what year?
1979
When was the leader of the American far-left militia group Symbionese Liberation Army born based on who's character Ving Rhames starred in Patty Hearst?
November 15, 1943
H & G Simonds Ltd was a brewery founded in Reading, Berkshire, England in 1785 by William Blackall Simonds, eventually the firm became part of Scottish & Newcastle who sold the brands to Wells & Young's Brewery, was formed in October 2006 from the merger of the brewing operations of which organization, and Young's Brewery?
Charles Wells Ltd
The Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation is a brand of which investment holding company, based in Hong Kong?
Techtronic Industries Company Limited
What type of group were both Save Ferris and Grinderman?
band
Who appeared as a DC Comic book hero in a title revived in 2007?
Donna Troy
Between Sergei Novikov and Anatoly Karatsuba, who won the Fields Medal in 1970?
Sergei Petrovich Novikov
What Indian musician is the father of Brij Narayan and popularised the bowed instrument sarangi as a solo concert instrument?
Ram Narayan
What award was given for a dark fantasy children's novella with a fictional character "Other Mother"?
Hugo Award
Who is the father of the actor that played Mr. Moseby on "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody"?
Delano Eugene Lewis
University of the Philippines and Adamson University, are located in which country?
Philippines
WHP, is a commercial AM radio station licensed to serve Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, WHP's signal is non-directional during daytime hours and is directed southeastward at night, toward Harrisburg and Lancaster, a city located in South Central Pennsylvania which serves as the seat of Pennsylvania's Lancaster County and one of the oldest inland towns, in which country?
United States
With which Jamaica-born singer-songwriter did Michael H. Shamberg work on music videos?
Grace Jones
2012: Time for Change is a 2010 feature-length documentary film that features a Canadian actress who won the Austin Film Critics Association's Award for Best Actress in what film?
Hard Candy
Which roller coaster, Viper or El Toro,is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey? 
El Toro
What region of northern Italy was Guido Romano born in?
the Emilia-Romagna region
Mad Men starred Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, Vincent Kartheiser, January Jones, Christina Hendricks, Bryan Batt, Aaron Staton, Rich Sommer, Maggie Siff and what American actor born in 1977
Michael Gladis
What is the birth date of this American actress from "Scandal", who was also featured in Girl Rising?
January 31, 1977
Which boardgame, War on Terror or Skirrid, involves translucent tiles?
Skirrid
What television show was produced by Scott Gimple and is centered on Cornelius Fillmore?
Fillmore!
What year was the man whose car failed to arrive to the 1950 Indianapolis 500 first the Italian champion?
1937
In what year was Jeremy Brock involved with the film drama "Charlotte Gray?" 
2001
Hiba Tawaji was coached by a singer in the fourth season for "The Voice" that was born in what year?
1983
What is the nationality of the person who made the Google.ai announcement at Google I/O 2017?
Indian American
On what date was the winner of the Chess World Cup 2002 born?
11 December 1969
Which American actor guest starred in the nineteenth episode of the sixth season of Futurama?
Dan Castellaneta
What position is the son of Jack C. Taylor in the American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis?
Executive Chairman
What do Justine Frischmann and Víctor García have in common?
musician
What year did the Alliance Theatre stage its production of the semi-opera in five acts with music by Henry Purcell?
1968
The author of Le Martyre de saint Sébastien would later become a soldier in which war?
World War I
Gerardo Lopez was once the CEO of a company that has the largest share of the American theater market; what company is it?
AMC Entertainment Inc.
Who is the great-great-great-grandson of John Lok?
John Locke
Sven Seidel was the CEO of a company from 2014 to 2017 that expanded into the United States in what year?
2017
What television contest did Sean Combs host?
MTV Making His Band
Which town is adjacent to the town of Forster, and is also located in Austrailia?
Tuncurry
Are Benjamin T. Orifici and Bertrand Tavernier both directors?
yes
Draft Day starred an American actor who has won two Academy Awards, and how many Golden Globe awards?
three
What band, formed in Sheffield in 1977, released their third album in the US in mid-1982?
The Human League
Who has more children: Stanley Donen or Baltasar Kormákur?
Stanley Donen
Chicken & Biscuits is the second studio album by American country music singer/rapper Colt Ford, which member of the MuzikMafia, did a version of the single?
James Allen Otto
Which annual gathering that takes place at Black Rock City did Further Future want to change the  "vanish and leave no trace" principles instilled in those who participate in it 
Burning Man
"Humble", is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar, the single became Lamar's second number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 after "Bad Blood",  a song by which American singer-songwriter, from her fifth studio album "1989" (2014)?
Taylor Swift
The Favourite, is an upcoming British-Irish-American biographical historical film, directed by Yorgos Lanthimos, it stars Emma Jean Stone, an American actress, she's the highest-paid actress in the world, she has received such accolades as an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards, born when?
November 6, 1988
 O'Sheas Casino is located within a shopping promenade owned by what company?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
What is the name of this American animated sketch comedy produced by Warner Bros. and that was worked on by the same men who created Right Now Kapow?
Mad
Which mountain range can the Tri-State Peak be found in?
Appalachian Mountains
Where did the Washington Redskins quarterback who suffered a concussion during the second preseason game of the 2015 season play college football?
Baylor
The Old Pal is a cocktail originally made with Canadian Rye Whiskey, French Vermouth (dry), and Campari, it is similar to which cocktail is made of one part gin, one part vermouth rosso (red, semi-sweet), and one part Campari, garnished with orange peel?
Negroni
The Jordanian general election of2010 followed a dissolution of Parliament by the King who has reigned since what year?
1999
In what country outside the US did Leroy Nicholas Barnes' organized crime syndicate's drug supply reach?
Canada
Formed in 1985, this Canadian alternative country/blues/folk rock band released Early 21st Century Blues, which has a very strong anti-war message,  in 2005?
Cowboy Junkies
The following details notable events from the year 1826 in Norway, Norway is a Nordic unitary constitutional monarchy whose territory includes which Norwegian volcanic island situated in the Arctic Ocean, it is 55 km long (southwest-northeast) and 373 km2 in area, partly covered by glaciers?
Jan Mayen
The 2011 UFL season ended with The Virginia Destroyers winning the championship by beating what team who played their home games at Sam Boyd Stadium?
Las Vegas Locomotives
What shopping center was the original home to the group of fast casual restaurants inspired by Chef Bobby Flay?
Smith Haven Mall
Who plays for a Spanish football club based in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava, as a left winger?
Juan Antonio "Juanan" Entrena Gálvez
Who was the director of the 2004 French action film, written and produced by Luc Besson, in which Jeff Rudom played a role?
Pierre Morel
Dare was described as similar to a cross between Cruel Intentions and what 1986 American film?
Pretty in Pink
Which co-creator of Broad City also co-created the miniseries "Time Traveling Bong?"
Ilana Glazer
The Prince Claus Fund, established in 1996, was named after the husband of what Queen?
Beatrix
In which television drama and Netflix series does Vanessa Kirby, who played Joanna in 'About Time' and Estella  in 'Great Expectations', play the role of Princess Margaret in a biographical story about the reign of Queen Elizabeth II?
The Crown
"Moe Goes from Rags to Riches" is the twelfth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", in the episode, Moe Szyslak's old bar rag tells its history, from being a medieval French tapestry to ending up at Moe's bar, Morris "Moe" Szyslak is a fictional character from "The Simpsons", voiced by who?
Hank Azaria
when was  the work or j.rr inspried by the real battle of Maldon of 991 oriagnally pushled  
1953
Daniel Negusie, claimed he was forced to assist in the mistreatment of prisoners in a country that has an area of how many square Kilometers ?
117600 km2
Which superhero created by Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster was featured in virtually every issue of World's Finest Comics?
Superman
Which battle was first the Second Battle of Bull Run or Operation Grenade?
Second Battle of Bull Run
Backgammon and Hare and Tortoise, are which type of entertainment?
board games
One Strike was inspired by the frontman of the band that was of what nationality?
English
What channel does the television series created by Stephen Falk,  staring Kether Donohue air on?
channel FXX
What is the original title of the 1976 romantic drama film, which stars an American actress who won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play for "Chapter Two" (1978)?
Dragonfly
What gun was produced in Canada beginning in 1903 and was invented by a Scottish inventor who died in 1942?
Ross rifle
Marcelo Saporito replaced whom?
replacing the late Master Carlson Gracie
What year was the adopted brother of Jeremiah Porter born?
1997
Are both the Louise and the La clemenza di Tito operas?
yes
Who is more successful as an author, Rómulo Gallegos or James Patterson?
James Brendan Patterson
What year was the prequel to a film made whose sequel was directed by Bradley Raymond in which almost the entire key cast returned for the sequel?
1996
Which game has satisfied most players, Entdecker or Qwirkle ?
Qwirkle
Veronica Loretta "Roni" Stoneman, is a noted bluegrass banjo player and former member of the television variety show "Hee Haw" gang having played the role of the nagging wife of Laverne Nagger, played by Gordie Tapp, was a Canadian entertainer, best known as a radio and television presenter, comedian and a CBS broadcaster, born in London, in which province?
Ontario
What was the nationality of the woman who impersonated granddaughter of King Alexander III?
Norwegian
The Women Airforce Service Pilots Badge is an award of the United States Army that was issued during which time period, the first wings were privately and hastily designed and paid for out of the pockets of American Floyd Odlum and his wife, Jacqueline Cochran, who in 1942 became the head of WASP?
Second World War
In which year was this American writer, school teacher, and school administrator born and raised, for whom Greenbo Lake State Resort Park, features a 36-room lodge named for the county he grew up, named the poet laureate of Kentucky?
1954
Which man is credited for creating short evangelical gospel tracts?
Jack Thomas Chick
Yelü Chucai was a retainer of which founder of the Mongol Empire?
Genghis Khan
What was the title character of a 90th birthday special participated in by Thelma Mae Harper made honorary mayor of?
Hollywood
Tones on Tail and Dead by Sunrise are both what?
rock band
The History of Cardenio is known to have been performed by a theatre company who assumed a new name in 1603 when what monarch took the throne?
King James I
Which Netflix Web TV series features Scott Glenn in Marvel's universe?
Daredevil
when was the  king of England, who has the Duke of York and future King James II, as brother born 
29 May 1630
Which Alpha Media owned radio station has its studios in the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida ?
WEAT (107.9 FM, "Sunny 107.9")
Chris Vance (born 30 December 1971) is an English actor, he is the second actor after Jason Statham to play Frank Martin, Jason Statham, born on which date , is an English actor, and a former model and competitive diver?
26 July 1967
What is 2003 MLS All-Star Game  connection to StubHub?
Soccer All-Star Game
The Charlton Automatic Rifle was to act as a substitute for what First World War-era light machine gun of US design?
Lewis gun
Mystère,Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas, Nevada, also shares a permanent residency with a water-themed stage production whose name is pronounced the same way as what?
eau
SYeLP was a partnership between four South Yorkshire authorities with support from which regional development agency for the area?
Yorkshire Forward
In what country was the FIFA World Cup in which Miguel Guerrero played for Colombia held?
Italy
What year was the city founded in which the Stenersen Museum is located?
1040
Love, the third Korean studio album by S.E.S was released by a company established in which year ?
1995
Which genus of plant life is sometimes called a catchbirdtree, Pisonia or Brownea?
Pisonia
Anna Faith Carlson, is an Instagram model and cosplayer from Florida, and is best known for impersonating the character of Queen Elsa from the animated film "Frozen", from which American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate, headquartered in Burbank, California?
The Walt Disney Company
What percentage of CityCenter in Las Vegas does the owner of Gold Strike Casino Resort  own?
50 percent
Dr. Michael Gervais, is a sport psychologist and entrepreneur, best known for working with the NFL's Seattle Seahawks and being the high performance coach of which Austrian skydiver, daredevil and BASE jumper?
Felix Baumgartner
Which band was founded first, Oingo Boingo or Sleater-Kinney?
Oingo Boingo
Stephen J. Friedman (born March 19, 1938), former commissioner of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and seventh president of Pace University,  a private institution that was founded in what year?
1906
The 41st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1999, at Shrine Auditorium, which Canadian American alternative rock singer-songwriter, musician, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and actress, won two awards?
Alanis Morissette
Are Game of the Goose and Hanafuda both types of games?
yes
When was the  young Earth creationist living which was part of creating "Grand Canyon: A Different View" born?
20 October 1951
Marino Girolami and Adim Williams, have which occupation in common?
film director
South Korean film director, screenwriter and producer, Min Kyu-dong, directed what period drama film in 2015?
The Treacherous
The Belfast and Moosehead Lake Railroad operated from 1871 to 2007 over a single track grade from what city in Waldo County, Maine?
Belfast
Who is the singer of Ae Dil Hai Mushkil?
Arijit Singh
Quincy Jones and Jeff Bass are both what profession?
music producer
Which actress from "The Nanny" appeared in the 1987 crime thriller "Positive I.D"?
Lauren Lane
Who directed the 1999 horror film Miles Christopher Doleac appeared in?
Tim Burton
What is the capital of the country where the moth fromurzinia lutescens is found ?
Luanda
What is the birthdate of this American football coach and former player, serving as a coach for the Dallas Cowboys, whose role with the University of Tennessee was assumed by Jim Chaney, after his firing?
June 10, 1968
Are Roy Emerson and Daniela Hantuchová both tennis players?
yes
El Bocho (Little Donkey) is the Mexican nickname of an street artist from where, who works in Berlin, several different languages are spoken in Mexico, with a large majority of the population fluent in Spanish while some indigenous Mexicans are monolingual in indigenous languages?
Spain
Between Stephan Elliott and Philippe Garrel who was born earlier?
Philippe Garrel
Which Louisiana based course case was cited as evidence in Peloza v. Capistrano School District?
Edwards v. Aguillard
What is the nationality of the person who wrote "The Two Trees"?
Irish
Tina Ambani is married to the chairman of Reliance Group which operates in how many towns in India?
20,000
The book Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics, released in which year, by John von Neumann?
1932
The 2004 German Grand Prix was held at the circuit in what valley?
Rhine valley
Did John English and Sam Wanamaker direct films together?
no
The 2003 Kansas Jayhawks football team represented the University of Kansas in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season, they were coached by which American head football coach, who until October 26, 2015 served as offensive coordinator and tight ends coach at Iowa State University?
Mark Mangino
Which novel by an English novelist, who set most of her works in provincial England and were known for their realism and psychological insight, was published in 1876?
Daniel Deronda
Are Melissa and Acanthopale both cultivated as ornamental plants?
no
Where is the location of the place Thomas Allison voyaged to?
the northernmost part of Earth
Which is known as the Robert the Doll Robert or Annabelle?
Robert
 Víctor Blanco was a Mexican official and politician who served as Governor of a state that was formed under which constitution ?
1824 Constitution
Does Summer Wars or Astro Boy use more American's as the voice actors?
Astro Boy
Caesars Palace is located between The Mirage and a resort casino owned by what company?
MGM Resorts International
When did the person who ruled over Per Stålhammar have rule?
from 1611 to 1632
Who was the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Garbage, Shirley Manson or Carol Decker?
Shirley Ann Manson
Where did the documentary about the life of the first woman elected to serve as chief of the Cherokee Nation premier?
Los Angeles Film Festival
During what years was Jeff Brohm the head coach at Western Kentucky University?
head coach at Western Kentucky University from 2014–2016.
What was the first single released from Rufus Wainwright's fifth studio album?
Going to a Town
Are Bill Leeb and Brad Delp from the same country?
no
Which National Football League team was coached by the same coach from the winning team in The Kick?
Dallas Cowboys
Palm Aire is now part of a city that is part of which metropolitan area?
Miami
Who created the TV series in which Shae D'Lyn plays the role of Carolyn Rothstein ?
Terence Winter
When was the singer that recorded "Should've Been Us" born?
December 14, 1992
Who is the actor that voiced a character in Zootopia, and also has been nominated for four Golden Globe awards for Best Actor?
Idris Elba
How long is the river that Lochmere Archeological District located on?
10.5 mi
Chavano Rainier was named MVP at what tournament held in Honolulu, Hawaii? 
2015 Diamond Head Classic
What footballer born October 1988 is featured on the cover of Dream League Soccer?
Diego Costa
What was the nationality of the player that scored the 58th-minute goal in the 2009 DFB-Pokal Final?
German
Which shopping center features a company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington? 
Friendly Center
John Marshall was the fourth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States and served as Secretary of State under what American patriot who served as the second President of the United States?
John Adams
Which building was completed first, The New York Times Building or The Spiral?
The New York Times Building
Ryan Sands was cast as Geoffrey Wilder in a Hulu adaptation set in what universe?
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Division of Adelaide includes which one of Adelaide's most affluent suburbs?
Walkerville
What was the english name of the song that launched the carrer of Nena?
99 Red Balloons
Chris Pantazidis was also offered a contract with a professional football club based in what city?
Wolfsberg, Carinthia
Which drummer appeared with the lead singer of Iron Maiden and was last to be featured on The Number of the Beast?
Clive Burr
Which Marland-born actor stars as Moloch in The Jungle Captive?
Rondo Hatton
Which film director and screenwriter, André Berthomieu or Derek Yee, was formally an actor?
Derek Yee
Big Daddy was the highest-grossing film by Adam Sandler until a 3D computer animated fantasy-comedy film directed by who?
Genndy Tartakovsky
Which team that Charles Oakley played for had a 52-30 record in the 1988-89 season?
New York Knicks
Which writer was born first, Nelson Algren or Robert Desnos
Robert Desnos
Bula Quo! included the rhythm guitarist for what rock band?
Status Quo
Who has been the president of a coeducational public research university in College Station, Texas?
Michael Kent Young
Who was the younger brother of the boxer that was voted Prospect of the Year for 2011 by "The Ring" magazine?
Gary Antuanne Russell
Randal Cornell Teague is the former chief of staff and legislative counsel to a U.S. Representative that died in what year?
2009
One of Britain's most accomplished actresses was featured in what television production that was directed by Judi Dench?
Look Back in Anger
Which magazine was founded first, Spider or Multinational Monitor?
Multinational Monitor
When was the American musician who created the 84-minute movie of "Voliminal: Inside the Nine" born?
September 24, 1969
Artist FYÜTCH changed his stage name from Future to avoid confusion with a rapper from which state?
Georgia
Shireburn or Sherburne Baronetcy, of Stonyhurst a 300 acre rural estate owned by the Society of Jesus was created for whom on 4 February 1686?
Nicholas Shireburn
Jang Joon-hwan and James Cruze, share which mutual occupation?
film director
The Royal Yacht "Norge" was the Norwegian people's gift to a king that died in this year?
1957
Who wrote The Unauthorised Biography of David Cameron and a politician?
Michael Ashcroft
"The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm's Son" takes place during the aftermath of a battle that took place beside what river?
River Blackwater
A. V. Anand worked for what singer whose first public performance was in 1904?
Chembai
Effingham is a large semi-rural and rural English village in the Borough of Guildford in Surrey, the village has been chosen as the home of notable figures, such as Sir Barnes Wallis who was buried here and who?
Toni Mascolo
Who helped cowrite the song "Dirt on My Boots"  and is based out of Nashville, Tennessee?
Ashley Gorley
Garth Fundis produced albums for the country singer who was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in what year?
2010
Academy for Advanced Academics is located in a Florida school district founded in what year?
1885
Balthazar Getty is a member of the family that was heavily involved in what industry?
petroleum
What remembrance day held on April 25 features a riderless horse leading the march?
Anzac Day
What band from Salford has Stephen John "Steve" Osborne worked with?
Happy Mondays
Rick Leach and Yaroslava Shvedova played in what sport?
tennis
The 2014 NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Championship, was the 33rd edition of the tournament, the first round of the tournament began on November 14 and concluded with the College Cup final match at FAU Stadium in Boca Raton,  is the southernmost city in Palm Beach County, Florida, in which country?
United States
Both genus of plant, Worsleya and Quince, grow beautiful flowers. Which genus of plant is known to bear pome fruit?
The quince
The Queen's School of Environmental Studies offers an interdisciplinary approach to the post-secondary education that is previous to what?
postgraduate education
In the Blink of an Eye stars the co-founder of what production company?
Pure Flix Entertainment
What Austrian race car driver, currently racing for Aston Martin Racing, was one of the seat holders for the A1 Team Austria team in the 2005-06 A1 Grand Prix season?
Mathias Lauda
When was the computer scientist known for making contributions to a digital visual effects, motion graphics, and compositing application born?
1966
What is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Cannabaceae, Sagina or Humulus ?
Humulus
Dude, Where's the Party?, is a 2003 film directed by Benny Mathews, it stars include which an American actor, producer, chef, and civil servant best known by his stage name?
Kal Penn
Which French artist produced the cover artwork for the EP Stone, Wind and Pillor by the American metal band Agalloch?
Gustave Doré
The Central European monarchy of which Johann Rudolf, Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin was Government President was the predecessor of what modern country?
Czech Republic
Including this First Nations tribe located in Maine, how many are linked in a confederation?
five principal nations
What village lies midway between Islamabad and the captial of Punjab?
Mohri Sharif
Mall del Norte is 3,000 sq. feet smaller than a mall that has how many specialty stores ?
150
What American actor, best known for his role as Gunnery Sergeant Emil Foley in the 1982 film "An Officer and a Gentleman", and his role as Fiddler in the 1977 ABC television miniseries "Roots", was also nominated for Best Actor at the Emmys for Backstairs at the White House?
Louis Gossett Jr.
Are California State University, Long Beach and Old Dominion University both located in California?
no
What country were both Chonghaejin Marine and Sinking of MV Sewol located in?
South Korea
Which filmmaker is not German, David Gordon Green or Detlev Buck?
David Gordon Green
What years did the publisher of Traveller publish games?
1973 to 1996
Where do the winners of the 2008 New Orleans Bowl play their home games?
Hattiesburg, Mississippi
In between Three Fish and Live which one is from American rock band from York?
Live
The Terror of the Transvaal is a comic story starring a character created by whom?
Carl Barks
Which stadium did Aukland Warriors use prior to playing a match at the first stadium in the world to host two Rugby World Cup Finals?
Ericsson Stadium
What type of band is both Wire and Electrasy considered?
rock
What major port founded in 1533 was Nicolas De la Hoz born in?
Cartagena
What type of sport does Robin Lopez and Brook Lopez have in common?
basketball
What was the first film in the series for which Goblin provided the soundtrack for "Dawn of the Dead"?
"Night of the Living Dead"
Which drink has less ingredients, a Porchcrawler or a Godfather?
Godfather
What film directed by Huh Jung stareed Yum Jung-ah had a release date in August?
The Mimic
The Man from Beyond is a 1922 silent film starring Harry Houdini as a man found frozen in arctic ice who is brought back to life, Harry Houdini (born Erik Weisz, later Ehrich Weiss or Harry Weiss; March 24, 1874 – October 31, 1926) was an Austro-Hungarian-born American stage what and stunt performer, noted for his sensational escape acts?
magician
Rudolf “Rudi” Fehr helped edit what American crime mystery film directed by Alfred Hitchcock?
Dial M for Murder
Actor Gavin Gordon, who starred in the 1930 film Romance, was born on what date?
April 7, 1901
Penn was a film with lyrics by the composer and singer of what type of music?
Carnatic
Ronald Arthur Gaunt died in a city made up of how many suburbs?
658
Red is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, Swift completed The Red Tour in support of the album on June 12, 2014, in which country?
Singapore
The City has been shown at the museum located in which New York borough?
Manhattan
What country do Martin Pascal Huber Strens and the city of Maastricht have in common?
Netherlands
How many novels has the author of the novel The Goblin Mirror written ?
more than 60
The Urswick School was named after a close friend of Henry VII and which grandmother of Henry VIII?
Lady Margaret Beaufort
The animated film produced by Pixar Animation and directed by John Lasseter in 2011 had a song song by whom in its promos?
Gnarls Barkley
What is the name of the 2,700 year old city where the Battle of Himera River was fought?
Syracuse
In the summer of 1984, the team's fortunes changed when it received the third pick of the NBA draft, the Blazers selected Samuel Paul Bowie, a former American professional basketball player, born on which date?
March 17, 1961
Who got more titles during tennis player career, Anastasia Myskina or Lucie Hradecká?
Lucie Hradecká
The Caleb Whittaker Place is a historic house on Perkins Pond Road in Weare, a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, in which country?
United States
Which of the following film directorsis known for his provocative and controversial work: Stuart Gordon or William A. Seiter?
Stuart Gordon
Time Quintet and A Swiftly Tilting Planet are what genre?
science fiction
What financial success, grossing $204.6 million worldwide against a $60 million budget, is about the author's trip around the world after her divorce and what she discovered during her travels?
Eat, Pray, Love
What is the most famous single from the 1994 album "No, No, No"?
You Don't Love Me
Are Tommy Lee Jones and Peter Szewczyk of the same nationality?
yes
What nickname, first mentioned in a 1985 "New York" magazine article, is associated with the term "Brit Pack"?
The Brat Pack
Nick Russell played basketball in which NCAA Division I conference?
Big 12
On what channel did the 2009 South Korean television series starring the actress who first gained attention for her 2008 supporting role as a gisaeng in "Painter of the Wind, air?
KBS2
 Patricia Blair played Lou Mallory on the ABC western series "The Rifleman", in which she appeared in 22 episodes with Chuck Connors, best known for his five-year role as what character in the highly rated ABC series "The Rifleman" (1958–63)?
Lucas McCain
Is Dipteris or Deuterocohnia native to more regions?
Dipteris
Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action spy thriller film that stars a Scottish actor who made his acting debut in what movie?
The Near Room
What type of media does Everyone's Hero and 20th Century Fox have in common?
Film
What was the larger conflict surrounding the revolt led by Ralph de Gael?
Norman Conquest
What country of origin does The Spitfire Grill and Gailard Sartain have in common?
American
During the 2005 All-Pacific-10 Conference season, the  Pat Tillman Pac-10 Co-Defensive Players of the Year award was given to Dale Robinson and a man that current plays for what NFL team?
Detroit Lions
What party nominated, for President of the United States, the man who appointed Gay Kernan to the New Mexico Senate in 2002?
Libertarian Party
What nationality is the person who is known for playing bass for the lead singer of the Smiths?
British
KRKI (99.5 FM, "True Country 99.5/107.9") is a radio station, it airs a Country format, the station is licensed to serve Keystone, in which state
South Dakota
What is the comman country between Livid and Inside?
French
Are Mamoru Oshii and Pam Veasey of different nationalities?
yes
Which is older, Beirut Arab University or Saint Louis University?
Saint Louis University
Which league does the team, where Alan McNeill played for in Oldham, compete in?
League One
What is the name of this Indian low cost carrier, in which Calicut International Airport servces as an operating base?
Air India Express
What year did Sam Horrigan star as Val Horrigan?
1998
Which track from All Shall Perish's third studio album "Awaken the Dreamers" contains lyrics that reference songs by the American heavy metal band from Huntington Park, California, formed in 1981 by guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman? 
"Songs for the Damned"
What college did the Minnesota Vikings 2012 league MVP attend?
Oklahoma
Who was Shah of Iran for almost four decades until being overthrown in the Iranian Revolution?
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
When was the Scottish author died who wrote the novel  Fear Is the Key?
2 February 1987
What was the final race ran by the man won the the men's Great North Run in 2015?
2017 IAAF Diamond League 5000 metres
Luck of the Corpse has cover art from the film directed by whom?
Mario Bava
Joel Meyerowitz taught photography at what privately funded college located in Cooper Square in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan?
Cooper Union
The first airline before Empires Airlines was absorbed into Delta Air Lines and was the largest airline in the world until what year?
2013
How was famous first Hampar Kelikian or Manvel Gamburyan?
Hampar Kelikian
In Oklahoma, which football team is one of the most successful program since World War ll?
The Oklahoma Sooners football program
In what city is the headquarters for the company which displayed the Tat Elagante as a concept car in 2007?  
Mumbai
Who chaired the 27th César Awards ceremony in which a film written by Jeunet with Guillaume Laurant won the award for the Best Film?
Nathalie Baye
In what region was a city founded as a polis in 497 BC by colonists from an ancient Greek city on the western coast of Anatolia?
Edonis
Jagmo, born Nels Jacobson, is a US artist and poster art historian born in Chicago in 1949, he has designed posters for live-music venues such as Jimmie Dale Gilmore, an American country singer, songwriter, actor, recording artist and producer, currently living where?
Austin, Texas
Who has had more band members, Babes in Toyland or Something Corporate?
Babes in Toyland
Trent Garrett had a recurring role as Bowie in a series created by who ?
Terri Minsky
Which of the following writers was a professor at the College de France from 1981 to 1993: Yves Bonnefoy or James Agee?
Yves Jean Bonnefoy
Stoked and 6teen creators also produced which series?
Total Drama
Buffalo Bill was a 1944 film with the film actress of what nationality in a supporting role?
American
Who is the director of the film for which Roschdy Zem shared the award for Best Actor at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival?
Rachid Bouchareb
After the "Anschluss" with Nazi Germany, the right-wing paramilitary group in Austria, Ostmärkische Sturmscharen, was replaced in Nazi Propaganda by which name? Answer: Ostmark
Ostmark
James R. Matthews was the running mate of a politician who was a wide receiver for what NFL team?
Pittsburgh Steelers
Which NBA head coach hold the record for the most championships won by an athlete in North America?
Bill Russell
Which artist is known for the 1989 album Flowers in the Dirt which featured the song My Brave Face?
Paul McCartney
The composer of the original music score of The Handmaid's Tale was born in what year?
1952
Who has composed the scores for four feature-length films, including 2014's American romantic drama film directed by Josh Boone, based on the novel of the same name by John Green ?
Nathaniel Clifford "Nate" Walcott
What profession does John Dos Passos and Joe R. Lansdale have in common?
writer
Which island is off the coast of Georgia and is part of Camden County?
Cumberland Island
The Zel'dovich number is a dimensionless number named after a scientist that died in what year?
1987
In what year was the mathematician in whose enumeration of the Archimedean solids the elongated square gyrobiculopa may have been discovered born?
1571
What was a small gold mine 80 km north-east of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada at Gordon Lake, Camlaren Mine or Northland Pyrite Mine?
Camlaren Mine
Who directed 149 films between 1907 and 1926, Luis Buñuel or J. Searle Dawley ?
James Searle Dawley
In how many countries, was this 2-seater hatchback Microcar manufactured and marketed by this group led by Annette Winkler?
46 countries
Are both Phalaris and Chamaelirium types of plants?
no
Both Cucurbita and Annona are considered what?
a genus
What company, founded in 1993 by Donald Gary Young, led to the establishment of DoTerra?
Young Living
After what date was the "Assiniboine" used to transport returning Canadian servicemen?
8 May 1945
What American multinational direct sales company owns Armand Dupree?
Tupperware Brands
Who, Peter Duffell or Graham Cantwell, is an Irish film and television director, best known for directing the feature film "Anton"?
Graham Cantwell
What was the original name of the Broadway theater that was founded by the man Anita Sarko worked for in 1985?
Gallo Opera House
When was the developer of the actantial model died?
27 February 1992
What is the full name of the director of original Broadway production of Pippin?
Robert Louis Fosse
Are both Gloxinia and Spigelia genus of plants?
yes
Who is the musician who co-wrote the song "Teacher I Need You" and also owned Watford Football Club?
Elton John
Between Poor Old Lu and Atlas Genius, which band has more members?
Poor Old Lu
Tea Moderna and LaIsha are both what?
magazine
Are both Hyacinthoides and Delairea plants within the family Asteraceae?
no
The St. Riquier Gospels was given to Angilbert by a man that was Emperor of the Romans beginning in what year?
800
Who is the showrunner for a show based on David Haller that is produced by a company owned by Rupert Murdoch?
Noah Hawley
Do Panjin and Yulin, Shaanxi both have the same population and administrative area?
no
Who was the boxer featured in the film Raging Bull who boxed for a short time in 1945 and 1946?
Giuseppe "Joey" LaMotta
A Tailor-Made Man is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Joe De Grasse, the film stars include Charles Ray, and Irene Maud Lentz,  also known mononymously and professionally as Irene, was a fashion designer, and costume designer, of which nationality?
American
Lewis Milestone and Aaron Katz, are both of which nationality?
American
What artist did Nick Huff Barili interview who was born on July 6, 1979?
Kevin Hart
Which person is the son of Tariq Alam who also plays Cricket for Pakistan?
Fawad Alam
Which band Jesus Jones or Morcheeba was formed first ?
Jesus Jones
This Could be Heaven is a soundtrack for what romantic comedy-drama film directed by Brett Ratner?
The Family Man
Who is from farther north, A-ha or Sound Team?
A-ha
Ben Agajanian and Andy Bakjian, were in the sports industry?
yes
Jennifer Teege's father was the cammandant of what concentration camp?
Kraków-Płaszów
Thomas Bartley (1908–1964) was a Test match umpire, He stood in first class cricket from 1948 to 1960 and officiated in 6 home tests against Pakistan, The Pakistan national cricket team, are popularly referred to as what?
Shaheens
Nadia Forde, is an Irish model, singer and actress of Italian descent, she participated in the fourteenth series of the hit ITV show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", starting on which date?
16 November 2014
How man species are there of the bird that is the nickname of De Papegaai?
393
What war did the author of "The Road Back" fight in?
World War I
On which peninsula is this British Overseas Territory located, whose Defence personnel along with those from Hong Kong, Malta, Channel Islands and the Isle of Man became qualified to Civil Defence Medal in 1965?
Iberian Peninsula
What is the earthquake that destroyed Hosoura Station often referred to as in Japan?
the Great East Japan Earthquake
Overwatch is a comic series featuring character of a universe, from which there are how many playable characters in the video game version?
25
Are Annie Dillard and Josephine Tey both American authors?
no
Which contributor to "The Panda's Thumb" was known for being involved in the creation-evolution controversy?
Wesley R. Elsberry
Who was the runner-up of the Lithuanian presidential election where this Lithuanian politician, who later served as Prime Minister in 2001, won the election? 
Stasys Lozoraitis
Which alternative rock band was Canadian, Social Code or Volcano Suns?
Social Code
Who directed the film that has a character acted by  Bill Istvan Günther Skarsgård and is based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Stephen King?
Andy Muschietti
Dušan Anđelković is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for what football club based in Belgrade
Red Star Belgrade
Are Linyi and Meihekou both located in China?
yes
The 2011 WPA World Nine-ball Championship was organized by an event promotions company founded by who?
Barry Hearn
The western suburbs near a coastal suburb of Adelaide, South Australia located in the City of Charles Sturt, is home to what ?
Royal Adelaide Golf Club
Who directed the film that was shot in or around Leland, North Carolina in 1986
Stephen King
She Bangs is a song performed by a Puerto Rican singer, actor, and author, who began his career in what all-boy pop group?
Menudo
What role is shared by both Kevin Cronin and Boots Riley?
lead vocalist
Mark Antony and Cleopatra and the Sergii family brothers participated in what battle?
Battle of Actium
Are Avantages and Pronto both women's magazines?
yes
Rutherford Rud Rennie was a friend and confidante of what American baseball first baseman who played for the Yankees from 1923-1939?
Henry Louis "Buster" Gehrig
Hex was partially invented by the mathematician of what European nationality?
Danish
What ws the nationality of the composer who provided new orchestration for the 1841 revival at the Opéra-Comique for "Richard Coeur-de-lion"?
French
Barbara Anelka Tausia (born 8 July 1977) is a Belgian choreographer and dancer, she's the wife of which French football manager and former player who played as a forward?
Nicolas Sébastien Anelka
Karl Ernst Haushofer was a German general, geographer and politician, through which of his student's, that was a prominent politician in Nazi Germany, his ideas influenced the development of Adolf Hitler's expansionist strategies?
Rudolf Walter Richard Hess
Broughton Hall High School is located in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2015 ?
478,580
What do Joseph H. Lewis and Ernst Lubitsch have in common?
film director
What documentary did the person nominated as United States Ambassador to France on August 2017 produce ?
"Carissa"
Chang Apana is a member of the law enforcement agency headquartered in what area?
Alapa'i Police Headquarters
Who wrote the article that was the basis for the 1977 American musical drama film directed by John Badham?
Nik Cohn
"These Are the Vistas" was released on a label owned by what company?
Sony Music Entertainment
What NHRA drag racer had his own reality show?
John Force
Which movie starring Oprah Winfrey is based on a novel by a freelance science writer? 
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks
Peter Rabbit is a 2018 film based on the character by what English writier, illustrator, natural scientist, and conservationist?
Helen Beatrix Potter
What American animated sitcom had it's twenty-first season air on Comedy Central?
South Park
Alaric Tokpa has been pursuing a Ph.D. at a university located in which U.S state ?
Georgia
The singer considered one of the greatest male Indian non-classical and semi-classical singers had a song in a 1953 Hindi film produced and directed by what person? 
Amiya Chakrabarty
Who are the notable founders of the company for which Ilya Sutskever is currently serving as research director?
Elon Musk and Sam Altman
Which Hollywood figure is older, Angelina Jolie or Michael Anderson? 
Michael Joseph Anderson, Sr. (born 30 January 1920)
 UFC Fight Night: Silva vs. Irvin was held at a resort that has how many rooms and suites?
703
Joseph Haslag is the Chair in Economics at the university whose post is named after the businessman who was CEO of what company?
Enron Corporation
In what year was the fairy tale of which the plot of "Tears Were Falling" can be viewed as a modern interpretation first published?
1844
Who directed a 2016 action comedy drama film starring a South Korean actor and singer who first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in "Boys Over Flowers"?
Shin Terra
Which female celebrity who popularized the "Whale Tale" was in a reality TV show called "The Simple Life"?
Paris Hilton
Who was born earlier, Johnny Bonnel or Ric Ocasek?
Ric Ocasek
Back to the Future will include hits Johnny B. Goode and what other?
The Power of Love
What businessman and founder of Las Vegas Sands corporation has had buildings designed by Paul Steelman?
Sheldon Adelson
Desmia ploralis is found in what country in Central America that is a representative democracy, and whose capital and largest sity is Nueva Guatemala de la Asuncion?
Guatemala
Abdurahman Enad, is a Qatari footballer, Qatar, officially the State of Qatar, is a sovereign country located in which Western continent?
Asia
Lam Research Corporation and Charter Communications are both what type of companies in terms of national origin?
American
In what year was the chef who presented "Southern at Heart" born?
1980
Which musical has music written by Lin-Manuel Miranda and cast non-white actors as the founding fathers?
Hamilton
Greenlight Capital, founded in 1996, is what type of hedge fund?
"long-short value-oriented hedge fund."
Yound Anakin Skywalker, who is reprised in several "Star Wars" video games, is featured on which video game that mainly takes place on Tatooine?
Star Wars Episode I: Racer
The Old Tullamore Distillery was the original home of a whiskey produced by what company?
William Grant & Sons
who directed more films, Jean Renoir or Edward Ludwig?
Edward Irving Ludwig
Canon William Murrell Lummis MC conducted research on what event led by Lord Cardigan against Russian forces in 1854?
Charge of the Light Brigade
What does it cost to build  the indoor arena  where Back to the Future Hearts Tour was concluded? 
US$185 million
Which movie did erotic thriller film Careful What You Wish For star Isabel Lucas act in alongside Karl Urban in 2014?
The Loft
Which Division I college basketball conference does the Australian basketball player Kristy Wallace play for? 
the Big 12 Conference
What was the 2010 population of the city at which James M. Goslin was based?
199,311
What Greenwhich Village nightclub did Anthony Lago work at?
Stonewall
Sean Lawlor appeared in the 1993 Irish-British-American courtroom drama film directed by whom?
Jim Sheridan
What lies south of Whitefield, Greater Manchester?
Prestwich
The team finished what place  in the franchise's 59th season behind the team who went on to lose to the New York Yankees in the World Series?
fifth place
In what city was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion team with defensive captain John Gary Fencik and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion New England Patriots to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1985 season played?
New Orleans
What was the email system released by the owners of the Perkins Estate in the 1980s called?
Lotus Notes
FAQ U is a program that included which British comedian as guest presenter in its second week?
David James Stuart Mitchell
Gilberto Meireles Ferreira plays for a team competing in which league ?
Liga de Elite
Who was a contributor to the journal "FIRE!!" who was also a visual arts educator?
Aaron Douglas
Are Malcolm St. Clair and Nicolas Roeg both actors?
no
In which year was this episode of "The Simpsons" of which the episode "Days of Future Future" is a follow-up aired on the Fox network?
2011
What liquor is found in both a Black Russian and a Glowtini?
is a cocktail of vodka
What is the name of the town that the second president and chairman of the board of Marshall Field & Company gifted a library to ?
Alstead, New Hampshire
Gödel logic is named after a mathematician with what nationality?
Austrian
 Not Now, Comrade is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Ray Cooney, and featured a number of British comedy actors of the era including which British actor and singer best known as Lofty?
Don Estelle
Gillian Mary Aldridge, is the current mayor of the City of Salisbury, Adelaide, South Australia, he was first elected to the council in 1988, and had served since 2000, as deputy mayor under which ten-time Australian powerlifting champion and the Australian Labor Party member for the House of Representatives seat of Makin in South Australia since the 2007 election?
Tony Zappia
The 1999 NBA Draft was held on June 30, 1999, at the MCI Center (now Verizon Center) in Washington, D.C., it is widely viewed as one of the best draft classes, with a total of nine future NBA All-Stars being chosen, as well as three winners of the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award, including which American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Buck, of the National Basketball Association (NBA)?
Jason Eugene Terry
What is the profession of both Daniel Greenberger and Anton Zeilinger?
quantum physicist
When was the third studio album by American rock band Imagine Dragons which Believer is  the lead single in released 
June 23, 2017
Which formula one racer held their funeral in the native town of the best football manager of all time?
Lorenzo Bandini
When did the accident occur that the 2017 Joan Gamper Trophy held a tribute for?
28 November 2016
The music video for "Desi Kalakaar" was received over forty-two million views on a channel founded by who?
Gulshan Kumar
Are David Byrne and Justin Pierre both musicians?
yes
Which documentary is based on a book, For the Bible Tells Me So or Man on Wire?
Man on Wire
Which programming language was used to write an application service provider by the same man who created the first computer worm on the internet?
Lisp
Ecko Unlimited is a company founded by the artist who founded which magazine in 2002?
Complex
Which author of the series "My America", is also the author of the series "Magic Tree House"?
Mary Pope Osborne
When was the French aircraft industrialist partially responsible for developing the Potez VII born?
22 January 1892
Henry Frazier III served as the head football coach from 1999-2003 at a university located in what state?
Maryland
We (Don't) Care is the first release by an American rock band that was formed in what year?
2002
Which British animation studio with headquarters in Manchester produced the series Avenger Penguins?
Cosgrove Hall Films
What is the date of birth of the actor who stared in Tracers and The Twilight Saga?
February 11, 1992
What role in "The Rocky Horror Show" was played by an actor who also played a character in a musical based on a children's novel?
Riff Raff
What is the nationality of the professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks who played alongside Jahil Okafor and Tyus Jones in 2014–15 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team?
Quinn Cook
Jim Slattery, who served in the House of Representatives, was the Democratic candidate for U.S. Senator in 2008. What is the name of the republican that won this election?
Pat Roberts
Which is categorised as mixed use, 45 Broad Street or Central Park Tower?
Central Park Tower
Superman II is a 1980 British-American superhero film directed by Richard Lester, based on the DC Comics character Superman, it is a sequel to the 1978 film "Superman" and stars which American former boxer and actor?
Jack O'Halloran
What date was the football team founded that Melvin Gordon plays for?
August 14, 1959
Who is the father of the composer of the soundtrack for Gupt: The Hidden Truth?
Kalyanji Virji Shah
Who portrays W'Kabi in a superhero film directed by Ryan Coogler?
Daniel Kaluuya
What country does Shermans Dale, Pennsylvania and Scotch-Irish Americans have in common?
United States
Who was a German physicist Patrick Baudry or Ernst Messerschmid?
Ernst Willi Messerschmid
Tipu Sultan succeeded Dhondia Wagh as ruler of which Indian Kingdom, earning the soubriquet "the Tiger of" it?
Mysore
Mansquito shares many similarities with the 1986 adaptation of a 1986 American science-fiction horror film that was directed and co-written by who?
David Cronenberg
WLOO is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station serving Jackson, Mississippi, a state in the southern region of the United States, with part of its southern border formed by what body of water?
Gulf of Mexico
What nationality was Enrico Fermi?
Italian
Along side one of the FIFA Player's of the 20th Century, who else was Sonny Pike compared to?
George Best
Are Tim O'Brien and Erica Jong of the same nationality?
yes
Which filmmaker is older, Gary Fleder or Mira Nair?
Mira Nair
Westminster College's site at Harcourt Hill was leased by the Methodist Church to a univeristy renamed in 1992 to honor what former principal?
John Henry Brookes
Who stared in Love in the Moonlight?
Jung Hye-sung
Which board game was centered around the construction of a railroad track: Monopoly Junior, or TransAmerica? 
TransAmerica
What Bahamian professional basketball player born in 1993 was named MVP at the 2015 Diamond Head Classic?
Buddy Hield
Who is the CEO of the company that won the National Lottery franchise in 1994, 2001, and 2007?
Andy Duncan
What is the name of the ABC TV show in which Sinead Keenan's former costar appears?
Quantico
Which documentary was written by Gregorio Smith, Reagan or Staten Island Catapult?
Staten Island Catapult
What former position was played by one of the analytic hosts of the 2014 National League Championship Series on Fox Sports 1?
outfielder
Did Ivan Lendl or Lisa Raymond reach a high rank in singles tennis?
Ivan Lendl
How many patients did a hospital above Congress Heights Station house at its peak in the 1950s?
over 8,000
Which ruler of Poland was crowned King in 1386, and is commemorated by an equestrian monument in New York City?
Władysław II Jagiełło
Steve Bridges who was an impressionist of the 42nd President of the United States was born in what year?
1963
What is the title of the song co-written and recorded by American R&B and soul musician Ray Charles released in 1954 a part of which was contained in the song "Gold Digger?"
I Got a Woman
What is the birthdate of the former NXT Women's Championship title holder that vacated the title on August 24, 2017?
September 26, 1981
what does P. G. Wodehouse and Bertrand Russell have in common?
British
One Love included which song, released as the second single from the album internationally?
Sexy Bitch
What high school serves the towns of Langdon, Acworth, Alstead, Charlestown, and Walpole, New Hampshire?
Fall Mountain Regional High School
Which of the following cases affirmed a defendant's right to have a competency evaluation before trial: Aptheker v. Secretary of State or Dusky v. United States?
Dusky v. United States
In what year was the screenwriter who co-wrote "Dark Star" with John Carpenter born?
1946
What person who wrote many articles for  "The New York Times" starred in The Lady Is Willing?
Leslie Howard
Are Weezer and KMFDM both bands?
yes
The singer of "Thank God and Greyhound" is best known for hosting what nationally televised country variety show?
"Hee Haw",
Mucho Gusto was originally recorded by a bandleader of what nationality?
Canadian
Do both Nude and Haim feature only three members?
yes
Which one of the following, Catcha Lake or Kemess Mine, is  located in the central part of Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality?
Catcha Lake
 Dreams from My Father, a memoir by Barack Obama which explores his life up until 1988, makes mention of his mother who was born where?
born in Wichita, Kansas, United States
The Battle of Ephesus ended in defeat for the dynasty ruled by the family of what descent?
Macedonian Greek
Which sixth man for the Detroit Pistons, a key player in the 1990 NBA Finals, had the nickname "The Microwave"?
Vincent Johnson
Are Architectural Digest and Boys' Life both considered to be magazines?
yes
Between Dane County Regional Airport and John F. Kennedy International Airport, which airport serves smaller population?
Dane County Regional Airport
When did the war started in which the Type 92 10 cm Cannon was used by the Imperial Japanese Army?
July 7, 1937
Between Richard C. Sarafian and Terry O. Morse, who held more diverse job titles?
Richard Caspar Sarafian
Which actress starred in a 2007 American horror film that was an adaptation of Jack Ketchum's 1989 novel of the same name?
Blythe Auffarth
Doug Grean has worked with which lead vocalist of Living Colour?
Corey Glover
The owner of the painting The Madonna del Granduca held what title from 1805-1814?
Grand Duke of Würzburg
Who was the Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award named after, P. G. Wodehouse or Frank O'Connor?
Frank O'Connor
The second inauguration of Ronald Reagan as President of the United States was held privately on Sunday, which date, in the Grand Foyer of the White House, and publicly the following day, January 21, 1985 at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C., the United States Capitol, often called the Capitol Building, is the home of the United States Congress, and the seat of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government?
January 20, 1985
Evillive II is a live album by The Misfits, the  album features the 'resurrected' version of The Misfits with Michale Graves, Jerry Only, Dr. Chud, and which American guitarist best known for his material with the horror punk band the Misfits and his own band eponymously named Doyle?
Doyle Wolfgang von Frankenstein
Beyond Our Ken and High Paddock were connected though what?
BBC
Do Sir Pizza and Noble Roman's both make pizza?
yes
Who defeated Sander Levin in the Michigan gubernatorial election, 1970? 
Republican William Milliken
Which actor in "11 Minutes" also played Beric Dondarrion in "Game of Thrones"?
Richard Dormer
Who was born earlier, Sting or Lance King?
Sting
What year was the company, which hosts the Bloomberg Next Big Thing Conference, founded?
1981
Which band was formed first, Days of the New or The Accidentals?
Days of the New
Allan Sherman's biggest hit single was  a comic novelty to the tune of a short ballet and act 3 finale of what opera?
La Gioconda
Were Scott Pembroke and Arthur Berthelet both film directors?
yes
Which Mountain is closer to Afghanistan  Kabru or Gasherbrum IV ?
Gasherbrum IV
In between Stratiotes and Clethra, which ones was described as a genus in 1753? 
Clethra
Who were the founders of the studio acquired on February 1, 2017 by the owners of Arkane Studios?
Tom Mustaine and Marc Tardif
Which public relations firm that works with CPR also helped to devise the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth campaign attacking John Kerry’s Vietnam War record in the 2004 presidential race?
Creative Response Concepts (CRC)
Randy Hansen was part of the group that played North American tours with which guitarist and pianist?
Robert Clark Seger
Charlotteville is the name of places that have usually been named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, the queen consort of which United Kingdom's, who was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 25 October 1760 until the union of the two countries on 1 January 1801, after which he was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until his death?
King George III
Gordon Setter and Giant Schnauzer are both what?
breed of dog
Which airline, with the abbreviation DAT, operates two daily flights to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen? 
Danish Air Transport
What number largest bank is the sponsor of the World Rugby Sevens Series?
seventh
A singer who is a quarter Japanese, a quarter Chinese, and half German, is a member of a Japanese boy band that is managed by Johnny & Associates, and had an average age of what when they debuted?
14.6
when was the Japanese composer of avant-garde music who wrote Music for Electric Metronomes born 
4 February 1933
How many decades did the company, which produced The Flintstones, dominate American television animation?
three
Who plays the main character of the show in which Stephen Tobolowsky plays the role of Stu Beggs?
David Duchovny
What theme park has a land area of 25 ha, which is home to a flight motion simulation attraction?
Enchanted Kingdom
What Award did the former pornographic actor who co-founded the band aTelecine win at the 2008 Avenue Awards?
Female Performer of the Year
Where are the Creswell Gardens located?
between the Adelaide Oval, War Memorial Drive, King William Road and St Peter's Cathedral
Jean-Pierre Leguay studied with which French composer who was one of the major names in his field in the 20th century?
Olivier Eugène Charles Prosper Messiaen
What is the name of this professional qualification to practise as a senior surgeon in Ireland or the United Kingdom for which Bidham Chandra Roy holds this qualification?
Fellowship of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons
The Battle of Setauket was held on a Loyalist outpost in what county of New York?
Suffolk County
Which director is from India, David Twohy or Padmarajan?
Padmarajan
What North Mississippi city has ZIP code 38834?
Corinth
Gorham High School takes in students from what County in New Hampshire?
Coos County
The year 1957 in film involved some significant events, with "The Bridge on the River Kwai" topping the year's box office and winning the Academy Award for what?
Best Picture
Which board game was released earlier, Colt Express or Obsession?
Obsession
The 2017–18 season is Middlesbrough's first season back in the Championship, making an immediate return to the division following relegation from the Premier League the 2016–17 Premier League was the 25th season of the Premier League, the top English professional league for association football clubs, since its establishment, in which year?
1992
nbanavan Asaradhavan Adangadhavan was a film with music composed by the singer-songwriter from what city?
Chennai
Did both Curt Smith and Billy Gibbons release solo albums?
no
What nationality was the boxer who beat Javier Mora in Max Schmeling Halle?
Russian
One of the stars of Seems Like Old Times got his start on what comedy movie?
National Lampoon
Which state is further east, the one containing Mad River Glen or the one containing Alta Ski Area?
Vermont
Which artist was born first, Herbert Selpin or Andrea Sisson?
Herbert Selpin
Marc-Antoine Pouliot was selected 22nd overall in Tennessee at what event?
2003 NHL Entry Draft
S.Easwara Varma is a violinist who has accompanied an Indian vocalist who is one of ten musicians to receive the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi before they turned what?
50 years of age
What is the name of the YouTube personality that is originally from Honolulu, Hawaii?
Markiplier
Have Philippa Gregory and Ernest J. Gaines both had their works made into films?
yes
 What is the middle name for the German Army Officer who helped Władysław Szpilman?
Adalbert
 David Ayer was the director and writer of this 2016 American superhero film based on the DC Comics antihero team of the same name, distributed by who
Warner Bros
The university for which Sam Chelanga competed from 2008 - 2011 is classified as what type of university by the Carnegie Classification?
doctoral research
Are Madera Canal and Franklin Canal both located in Texas?
no
What was the original name of the New Hampshire team whose home ballpark was a stadium constructed in 1937?
Nashua Angels
R.C. Bannon had ties to Barbara Mandrell through who?
Louise Mandrell
What American cable channel held the last winter Olympics that also held the summer Olympics in the same year? 
The American cable channel TNT
What country are both Xi'an District, Liaoyuan and Xinzhou located in?
China
Matthew Felker acts alongside a dancer who began her career with what singer?
Janet Jackson
Which adventure film had more writers, Flight of the Navigator or 101 Dalmatians?
Flight of the Navigator
American television and film actor, Chris Browning, starred as the scientist Jake on the CW's "The 100" and in the American mystery-thriller film, Beneath the Dark from what year?
2010
What river flows through 9 counties in states in the U.S. and is also a tributary to the Swannanoa River?
The Swannanoa River flows through the Swannanoa Valley of western North Carolina, and is a major tributary to the French Broad River
Which famous historical novel author completed works that inspired two popular TV miniseries?
Ken Follett
What popular video game company gave Yoma Komatsu her job for the J-pop group BeForU?
Konami
Robert Lawrence was severely injured in a war that started when?
2 April 1982
Jim is one of two major fictional characters in a classic novel first published in the United Kingdom in what year?
1884
The Little Iroquois River is a tributary of the Iroquois River (Saint John River), flowing in Notre Dame Mountains, are a portion of which mountain range, extending from the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec to the Green Mountains of Vermont?
Appalachian Mountains
Where did the White Ship, in which William Bigod drowned, sink?
in the English Channel near the Normandy coast off Barfleur
Where did a French film director direct a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller starring Jet Li?
Glasgow
Is there any relation between the movies called Ring of Fire and American Jobs?
no
Kahterine Lee Bates is remembered as the author of the words and anthem to an American anthem whose music was composed by whom?
Samuel A. Ward
What was the population at the 2011 census of the small market town situated 4 mi south-east from Searby, Lincolnshire?
5,626
Which theatre is in the London Borough of Hackney and had a performance of The Birth of Merlin in the 1600s?
Curtain Theatre
Where in the Dutch East Indies did Sandy Wollaston collect the haplotype on the Setakwa River?
Netherlands New Guinea
Are Quarto and Strange Synergy both types of games?
yes
A Child Is Waiting is a 1963 American drama film, written by who, based on his 1957 "Westinghouse Studio One" teleplay , Burt Lancaster portrays the director of a state institution for mentally handicapped and emotionally disturbed children, and which American singer, actress, and vaudevillian, is a new teacher who challenges his methods?
Abby Mann
The 1954–55 Ashes series consisted of an Australian team led by the cricketer who played how many test matches?
45
How much of the Netherlands is affected by the problem regulated by the Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland? 
two thirds of its area
What type of media does Traceroute and My Kid Could Paint That have in common?
film
"Into Temptation" is a song that was created by a band which formed in what city?
Melbourne
which American actor is a cast in The End of Violence
William James "Bill" Pullman
The Estadio El Pocito is a multi-use stadium located in Querétaro City, is the capital and largest city of the state of Querétaro, located in the central portion of which country?
Mexico
Who plays more singles, Daniel Vacek and Jonathan Erlich?
Daniel Vacek
What Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics at Boston University worked with John Iliopoulos on his prediction of the charm quark?
Sheldon Lee Glashow
Which battle took place first , Battle of Pusan Perimeter or Second Battle of the Marne ?
Second Battle of the Marne
Which band is from the United States, Greek Fire or Ned's Atomic Dustbin?
Greek Fire
Which of the teams Tom Miller played for dates back to 1919 ?
Green Bay Packers
Who's instrumental proficiency has earned him two Grammy Award Nominations and three International CMA Awards as a member of The Moody Brothers, Dave Moody or  Kim Jee-woon ?
David B. Moody
What professions did Bob Marley and Eric Bloom have in common?
singer, songwriter and musician
Are Giorgio Simonelli and Peter Weir both directors?
yes
Which member of the Hart wrestling family wrestled under the name The Blue Blazer?
Owen Hart
Skin Deep included the actress who played which character on Roswell?
Tess Harding
Daren Dochterman illustrated for which movie set in Paris and Los Angeles?
Rush Hour 3
Yvonne Nelson starred in the 2007 movie Princess Tyra, as well as what 2013 film?
"House of Gold"
what kind of business was Elmer Lucille Allen the first African-American Chemist at?
spirits and wine business
What is the full meaning of the graphic editor used in creating Propaganda?
GNU Image Manipulation Program)
What is the name of the debut studio album that is going to be released by the YouTube personality who had her debut EP "Bubblebath"?
Poppy.Computer
Who died from a musket wound in September 1780 fighting against European colonies need for labor? 
Titus Cornelius
who was the Band that made the Album that beat out "Paranoid" for top of the UK Albums Chart in 2013?
Black Sabbath
What American stage and film actor visited Risley Residential College?
Anthony Rapp
Allard Roen was the Managing Director of a casino hotel Designed by what architect?
Hugh Taylor
What 4x100 metres relay sprinter won a bronze at the British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland? 
Brian Green
Which of the  Spanish sports club based in Tarragona did José María Calvo had loan spells?
Gimnàstic de Tarragona
What year was the singer of 500 Miles born?
1938
In the band ac/dc, which vocalist replaced Bon Scott?
Brian Johnson
The University of Notre Dame was founded on which date, by Father Edward Sorin, otre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne?
November 26, 1842
Leon Gillis and Freddy Heineken met in this year.
1963-64
Which nationality was the man who broke the record held by Nick Piantanida from February 2, 1966?
Austrian
What profession did Karl Shapiro and Brendan Behan have in common?
Poet
What is the middle name of the author of "Psi-man Heal My Child!"?
Kindred
Which film director was born first, James Parrott or Kevin Reynolds?
James Parrott
What 2000 movie starring a veteran of NBC's "Saturday Night Live" was promoted using fictionalized reviews attributed to "David Manning"?
The Animal
Which settlement on the Mislinja River is part of the country having a population of 2.06 million and a capital of Ljubljana?
Šentjanž pri Dravogradu
What magazine presented the award of "Best Media Source" to Dann Stupp's website MMAjunkie.com?
"Fighters Only"
Matthew George Frewer, is an American Canadian actor, singer, voice artist and comedian, he is known for portraying the retired villain Moloch in which 2009 American superhero film directed by Zack Snyder, based on the 1986–87 DC Comics limited series of the same name by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons?
Watchmen
Which comic strip created by Robert Crump featured the drawing of Manuel Perez?
Fritz the Cat
In Greek mythology, Pyrrhus is the grandson of what immortal nereid?
Thetis
Which state has a college football team that won a Rose Bowl the year prior to losing in a Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl?
Texas
Who is the professional player for the San Antonio spurs, who was also a shooting guard?
Manu Ginóbili
Dunwich is part of which imaginary region whose name was coined by Keith Herber? 
Lovecraft Country
Eileen Donoghue, is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts Senate, where she has represented the First Middlesex District since 2011, narrowly losing the Democratic primary to Niki Tsongas, an American politician and the current U.S. Representative for Massachusetts 's which numbered congressional district?
3
What is the nationality of the actor who played the character of Anton Schindler in The movie "Immortal Beloved" ?
Dutch
Were both Harry Turtledove and John Kenneth Galbraith both writers?
yes
Peter Young was the set director of what 1999 American Gothic horror film?
Sleepy Hollow
Who did Dimitri Lauwers play for in the 37th men's European Basketball Championship, held by FIBA Europe?
Belgian national basketball team
Visco Grgich, was a professional American football lineman who played in the All-America Football Conference and the National Football League, at the end of his pep talk, Grgich would say "This is the way you've gotta do it!", and would promptly deliver a forearm shiver to the nearest door, wall or even one of the wooden support posts in which outdoor athletics stadium in San Francisco, California, located adjacent to Kezar Pavilion in the southeastern corner of Golden Gate Park?
Kezar Stadium
What year did Fiat Chrysler Automobiles release the model car also driven by Joel Kauffman for FitzBradshaw Racing?
2005
Which genus is found predominantly in the Southern Hemisphere, Acaena or Sparganium?
Acaena
Shark Creek is located on this river which is in the northern rivers district?
Clarence River
What band hails from more westward, 8stops7 or X Ambassadors?
8stops7
Were László Benedek and Norman McLaren of the same nationality?
no
Which animated television series had an episode called 'Douche and Turd' in its eighth season and was created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?
South Park
Which Colombian actress is known as the voice of Sombra in a team-based multiplayer online first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment?
Carolina Ravassa
One of the first visitors of the Haute-Provence Observatory was born on which year?
1919
"Jack Reacher" star Rosamund Pike got international recognition for her film debut as Miranda Frost in what movie?
"Die Another Day"
Hymenocallis puntagordensis the smallcup spiderlily or Punta Gorda spiderlily, is a plant in the Amaryllidaceae, it is a rare and little known endemic known only from the vicinity of Punta Gorda, a city in which county in Florida, United States?
Charlotte County
What Island region in the Phillipines is known for it's prowess in the Olympics in a sport?
Visayas
Which movie was released first Laura's Star or Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life ?
Laura's Star
What is another name for  a defunct standard gauge freight railroad line that operated in the Black Hills that ran from the second-largest city in South Dakotafor a distance of 36.043 miles? 
Crouch Line
Graeme Atkins's final VFL match was in round 16, 1989 against Hawthorn at a football ground officially known by what sponsored name?
IKON Park
Which company developed this American football video game series  whose engine was used for Mutant League Football?
EA Tiburon
What is the name of state and local laws that continued to be enforced until 1965 and whose effects are featured in the book "Leon's Story" by Leon Walter Tillage?
Jim Crow laws
Who is the boxer who was scheduled to face Manual Roman that was born in 1994? 
Diego De La Hoya
Actor Damian Lewis played a war veteran, the commander of the Easy Company of the 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in what HBO miniseries?
"Band of Brothers"
Sōryū (蒼龍 , Sōryū , meaning "Blue (or Green) Dragon") was an aircraft carrier built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the mid-1930s, During the first months of the Pacific War, supported the conquest of the Dutch East Indies, by forces from the Empire of Japan in the early days of the Pacific Campaign of World War II, this titled event is ?
Dutch East Indies Campaign
What state is the Belmond Casa de Sierra Nevada located in?
Guanajuato
Is the Australian Stumpy Tail Cattle Dog or the Borzoi most similar to a greyhound in appearance?
The Borzoi
When was the writer who wrote "Does America Need a Foreign Policy?" born? 
May 27, 1923
Who was the 6th commissioner of the athletic conference that the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks baseball team is part of?
Tom Burnett
Suvini Zerboni was the agent of which prolific german composer violist, violinist, teacher and conductor ?
Paul Hindemith
What Venue in Buenos Aires, Argentina did Carlton Gauld make his debut in 1932?
Teatro Colón
Which American television comedy writer wrote The Winter of His Content?
Kevin Curran
Out of the Woods was the track after which 3rd track from the album 1989?
Style
What is the second largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom, which is also close to the 2nd largest exhibition space in the United Kingdom outside London?
Trafford Centre
What is Lex Oppia connection to Battle of Cannae?
law established
The Patriot is a 1986 action film starring a Canadian actor who portrayed more than 220 what?
characters
The Temple of Flux was a large temporary art project created by The Flux Foundation for Burning Man, an annual gathering that takes place at Black Rock City—a temporary city erected in the Black Rock Desert in which location?
Nevada
Delano Las Vegas is a luxury hotel owned and operated by a global hospitality and entertainment company that has a majority interest in what?
MGM China Holdings Limited
Good Crazy is an episode from the comedy series on CBS named what?
How I Met Your Mother
Which of the following is known for the song Sister Havana: Urge Overkill or Ministry?
Urge Overkill
What nationality are the directors Craig Schlattman and Ian Schneider?
American
Jamshed Bharucha is President Emeritus of a privately funded college in Manhattan, that origimanally granted each admitted student a full tuition scholarship, but abandoned that when?
Fall of 2014
The cinema of Thailand dates back to which era when motion picture cameras were invented and film production companies started to be established?
history of film
In which year did Edward VIII proposed to marry a divorced American which is dramatized in the movie Wallis & Edward?
1936
Which defenceman for the Detroit Red Wings, considered to be one of the greatest defensemen in NHL history, is featured in the Nintendo DS game, Backyard Hockey?
Nicklas Lidström
Jengish Chokusu and Rimo I, are which elevated land mass?
mountain
Who was born later, Dumitru Prunariu or Patrick Baudry?
Patrick Pierre Roger Baudry
What Australian cricket Test match did South Africa replace with a T20I in 2012?
Boxing Day Test
how is Multiply and At. Long. Last. ASAP connected?
American rapper
Paddy Wallace was a member of the Ireland U19 team that included the future outside centre for which Irish provincial team?
Leinster
Who was the wife of Niel Hamilton who also pitched the pilot to a cooking show that inspired Posh Nosh?
Christine Hamilton
The actress who plays the physical therapist that Rafe in "Days of Our Lives" falls in love with is also know for her role in what other television show?
All My Children
What character is initially introduced in 1996's "A Game of Thrones is played by Hafþór Júlíus "Thor" Björnsson ?
Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane
he Railroad to Freedom: A Story of the Civil War is a children's book that tells the fictionalized biography of Harriet Tubman, famous for her humanitarian work during what war?
the American Civil War
McElmo Phase refers to a period in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, when drastic changes in ceramics and masonry techniques in Chaco Canyon appeared, archeologists initially suggested that the McElmo influence was brought to Chaco Canyon by immigrants from which site located in Montezuma County, Colorado, it protects some of the best preserved Ancestral Puebloan archaeological sites in the United States?
Mesa Verde National Park
Mr. Burns, voiced by Harry Shearer, was featured in the episode "Team Home" on what animated TV series?
The Simpsons
The Ireland-Gardiner Farm is located in what Long Island census-designated place?
Huntington
What is the nickname of the Philadelphia 76ers basketball player who was injured during the 2016-17 along with Ben Simmons, Jahlil Okafor, Jerryd Bayless, and Robert Covington?
The Process
The Princess of Gossip is a novel by an author who was a dancer and trained at what facility located in La Habra, California?
Hart Academy of Dance
Are these two related to the art of painting or film?
film
Moment and Punk Planet, are what type of media?
magazine
Which 1971 drama film starred a professional football player?
Black Chariot
The tribe of the Potawatomi people, is home to a small town bearing what colors name?
Pink
Between Columbia University and the University of Alabama System, which has more institutions?
The University of Alabama System
Are Dziga Vertov and Cheick Oumar Sissoko film directors?
yes
 Hot and Fluffy is a comedy special performed by a comedian born in which year ?
1976
What did Keegan-Michael Key star in first, "Key & Peele" or Let's Be Cops?
"Key & Peele"
What president of the United States signed the Treaty of 1818, which gave United States of America the Pembina Region?
James Monroe
When was the Irish professional mixed martial artist who is  Gunnar's  teammate born 
14 July 1988
Who were pseudonymous writers who documented their use of dimethyltryptamine and other psychedelic tryptamines and phenethylamines whos names were based off of  the "gratuitous grace" that a man who graduated from Balliol College at the University of Oxford with a first-class honours in English literature found in the psychedelic experience ?
Gracie and Zarkov
The Learning Center for the Deaf is located in the 14th most populous municipality in Massachusetts, Framingham, when will this municipality transition to status? 
January 1, 2018
What North Carolina Tar Heels coach also coached at the University of Southern Mississippi?
Larry Fedora
The artist that released the debut album "Who Came First" was the lead guitarist and main songwriter for what band?
the Who
When was the magazine founded that described Chelsea Jade as New Zealand's "Accidental Dream Pop Hero"?
1994
What sport do both the 2001 Intercontinental Cup and Samuel Kuffour have in common?
football
Which team did the free-kick specialist assist in winning the Champions League?
Real Madrid
Who was related to the "Grand Vizier" (Prime minister) of the fifth Mughal emperor Shah Jahan, that was Empress consort of the Mughal Empire from 25 May 1611 to 28 October 1627?
Nur Jahan
In which year was the first performance of the musical which features a character named Mr. Mistoffelees?
1981
What is the name of the rockband that stars Scooter Ward and has won two gold-albums?
Cold
In what fictional town is the episode "Moms I'd Like to Forget" set?
Springfield
Which of Time magazines 100 most influential people in the world made a guest appearance in Billu?
Priyanka Chopra
In Australia, a cattle station is a large farm (station, the equivalent of an American ranch), whose main activity is the rearing of cattle; the owner of a cattle station is called a "grazier", the largest cattle station in the world is  located in the Australian state of South Australia, and is called what?
Anna Creek Station
Bruce Willis reprises a role played by which late American actor in his violent 2017 film remake?
Charles Bronson
Jimmy Eriksson will race in the last 2016 GP2 Series before it gets renamed
FIA Formula 2 Championship
Where was the movement that Eric Campbell is the leader of formed?
Sydney, Australia
The 2011 TCU Horned Frogs football team, were led by which American football coach, and former player?
Gary Allen Patterson
Billy Jack Goes to Washington is a loose remake of the film that was made by someone who was born where, and is considered the American dream personified?
Italy
The Electoral district of Roe has a notional 16.7-point majority for the National Party against this party that was founded in what year to replace the United Australia Party?
1945
Rufus Roy McCain, was a prisoner at Alcatraz who attempted escape in which year, with Henri Young and Arthur Barker, Barker was an American criminal, the son of Ma Barker and a member of the Barker-Karpis gang, founded by his brother Fred Barker and Alvin Karpis?
1939
Which form of media entertainment are RocketMan from 1997 and Napoleon and Samantha from 1972?
film
Which of Norman Perceval Rockwells paintings is considered as an iconic image of Civil Rights?
The Problem We All Live With
Survial Under Atomic Attack was a document released during a state of what?
geopolitical tension
Which battle was fought for a shorter period of time, the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, or the Meuse-Argonne Offensive?
Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River
A Dry White Season was revised by the playwright of what nationality?
English
Auguste Charlois who discovered 317 Roxane named for Roxana from what area
Bactria
Who founded the organization whose Boston branch excluded the Christian discussion group later housed in the Boston Young Men's Christian Union?
George Williams
What ranking in AVN tip list of porn stars is the owner of Evolution Erotica?
#20
The second edition of the Walt Disney World Explorer included updated information, such as what hotel that is in the Animal Kingdom area, and opened in August 1, 1997?
Disney's Coronado Springs Resort
What is the name of the actor who has played a role in both "For Your Consideration" and "the Simpsons"?
Harry Shearer
Newburgh Mall was opened by the same people who own a mall outside of Philadelphia that opened in what year?
1963
The Economic Journal is published by the scholarly publishing business of what company?
John Wiley & Sons
In what year was the founder of Judi's house born?
1975
What children's book is Laura Numeroff best known for and wrote?
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie
"I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It" is the memoir of a famous person born on what date?
February 20, 1963
Vukajlija is similar to the online dictionary of slang founded in what year?
1999
The 2010 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament was held in the Atlanta suburb with a 2010 population of what?
26,600
The star of the 1989 film "Glory! Glory!" played what role on the ABC series "Pushing Daisies"?
Vivian Charles
Who wrote the biography of Italian-American mobster regarded as "homicidal maniac"?
Philip Carlo
In what year was the lead single released for Curtain Call: The Hits?
2005
Are both Colin Hay and Jesse Leach Scottish?
no
The creator of Tehrik-e-Istiqlal was born in what year?
1921
What is the former name of the house named after a prominent philanthropist?
Flora Mather House
Who began his career as director earlier--Matthew Vaughn or Manfred Noa?  
Manfred Noa
Were both Alfred Santell and Anthony Kimmins American?
no
Alan Wilkis remixed what American indie rock song by Joywave? 
Tongues
Which band was formed first, Stabbing Westward or The Heavy?
Stabbing Westward
When was the head coach of the 2015–16 Manhattan Jaspers born?
September 2, 1977
Carnaby Street is a radio programme whose broadcast covers a firth that comprises part of what?
the Irish Sea
What person who will have their voice featured in "Magik" moved to a career in comedy in 2000?
Jimmy Carr
Which player with the middle name Ellard did Donald "Duck" Richardson coach in high school ?
Norm Nixon
What is the country in which Stuart Blacker taught at a Grammer School?
Australia
This small airport is located 4.8 NM west northwest of a town with a population of what at the 2011 census?
7,560
Which of the following is known for his piety and memorized the Qur'an by the age of 7: Ahmad Nahavandi or Shah Waliullah Dehlawi?
Shah Waliullah
"Better is the enemy of good", which was popularized by a French Enlightenment writer known of his attacks on what?
the established Catholic Church
Who founded the Krusty Krab in Spongebob Squarepants?
It was founded by Mr. Krabs
What movie features interviews with the founder of the Isha Foundation?
ONE: The Movie
What producer do both "The Zeta Project" and "Batman Beyond" have in common?
Warner Bros
Which band had more members that could play the guitar, Super Furry Animals or Black Kids?
Super Furry Animals
How did Hugh Lane die?
Hugh Lane died on board the RMS Lusitania.
What National football team did John Eshun play for?
Ghana national football team
What member of Chet, Floyd & Boots was known for his "slip note" piano style?
Floyd Cramer
Worker: Cemu is a Wii U video game console emulator for Microsoft Windows-based personal computers, typically, the emulator updates once every two to four weeks, with supporters of which membership platform that provides business tools for creators to run a subscription content service, as well as ways for artists to build relationships and provide exclusive experiences to their subscribers, or "patrons", were receiving updates a week earlier than the public release?
Patreon
Furness Fells is flanked by which Cumbria lake?
Coniston Water
Alexander Curtis Currie is born in a town located in which county ?
Kennebec County
What record label released a song by a group that included the guitarist River Reeves?
Fuller Beans Records
The Division of Northren Melbourne included Fitzroy snd what other suburbs? 
Carlton, North Melbourne
Are both Yuhang District and Anning, Yunnan of the same administrative level?
no
Middle Lake Hamilton, is a natural freshwater lake on the northeast edge of a Florida city located in what county?
Polk County
Who was born first, Philip Saville or Christophe Gans?
Philip Saville
What game does the actor, who played David Greene in the 1979 American comedy film "Fast Break", play professionally?
poker
What series was the mix album released on May 2014 by the American rock and pop band originally active between 1965 and 1971 part of?
"Late Night Tales" series
What election did Susa Gaertner , Tom Emmer and Mark Dayton run in against each other?
2010 Minnesota gubernatorial election
Demoniac featured which guitarist of English-New Zealand heritage?
Ian Samuel "Sam" Totman
Hush is a song from this Debut EP produced and engineered by who
Sylvia Massy
Which film came out first American Pimp or U2 3D ?
American Pimp
Which Jeff  Wadlow martial arts film did "Twilight" actor Cam Gigandet star in?
Never Back Down
In what French river can one of the over 100 replicas of the Statue of Liberty be found? 
Seine river.
What place on season five of "Canadian Idol" did the Candadian artist who wrote "Bucket" receive? 
third
Who has a greater number of musical talents, Simone Simons or Jeff Mangum?
Jeff Mangum
What American transgender actor known for his work on the MTV comedy series "Faking It" and Freeform's "The Fosters"., is the son of  Julia Fletcher, an American voice actress whose throaty, articulate vocals have graced many popular animated works and video games?
Elliot Fletcher
Did American underground experimental filmmaker, Kenneth Anger work with Actor Oliver Drake on any Westerns?
no
In what year was the presenter of "Britain's Great War" born?
1950
Which American brewing company in St. Paul, Minnesota built their first cold-storage warehouse in East Grand Forks in 1890?
Hamm's Brewery
Lane Boy was a song written for the album released on what imprint?
Fueled by Ramen
What airlines is a spin-off from a carrier that operates mainly from Sheremetyevo Internation Airport?
Vnukovo Airlines
The Kate Douglas Wiggin House is a historic home situated in which rural bedroom community, a town just outside Portland?
Hollis, Maine
Who was a South African writer, political activist and recipient of the 1991 Nobel Prize in Literature, Nadine Gordimer or Betty Friedan?
Nadine Gordimer
The Golden Compass and His Dark Materials were authored by whom?
Philip Pullman
What year was the american actor who played in a star wars movie created by Disney?
1971
What genre were both Christina Booth and Corey Glover a part of?
rock
How many viewers does the televised sermon of the senior pastor of Lakewood Church, have weekly ?
over 7 million
What is the name of this American professional boxer widely considered the greatest pound-for-pound boxer of all time, who was defeated by Carmen Basillo?
Sugar Ray Robinson
Where was the rock band that sings "Kids in the Street" formed?
Stillwater, Oklahoma
Port Bouet Airport is the main hub of which Ivory Coast national airline?
Air Côte d'Ivoire
The voice actress and star who made her first big break in General Hospital starred in a film directed by Sidney J. Furie in what year?
1996
What is the nationality of the wrestler cousin of Aaron Rodriguez?
Mexican
Who starred in both the western comedy series "Maverick" and the comedic adventure film The Pink Jungle?
James Garner
"The Sacred War", was one of the most famous Soviet songs of the Second World War, the music is by Aleksandr Aleksandrov, founder of the Alexandrov Ensemble, an official army choir of which armed forces?
Russian
Which television series was also based on a series of books written by Georges Prosper Remi?
The Adventures of Tintin
Which Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker born in 1968 hampered Orlando Maturana from joining the national team?
Adolfo Valencia
The viola organista is a musical instrument designed by Leonardo da Vinci, was an Italian Renaissance polymath whose areas of interest included invention, painting, sculpting, architecture, science, music, mathematics, engineering, literature, anatomy, geology, astronomy, botany, writing, history, and cartography, he died in which year?
1519
Are John Williams and Muriel Spark nationals of the same country ?
no
Asia Argento and Bertrand Tavernier, have which mutual occupation?
director
The Snapz Pro X program was used by South Park to feature Cartman, Kyle, Stan, and Kenny enjoying playing what online game?
World of Warcraft
Who is the mother of Britney and Jamie Lynn Spears?
Lynne Spears
Jackson, Montana is south of what small town in Beaverhead County?
Wisdom
A Sanctuary Within features a performance by the pioneers of what drumming style?
free jazz
Are The Ladder and Venus Zine both women's magazines?
yes
Gene Schaerr served as law clerk for which former President of Baylor University?
Kenneth Winston Starr
Which John Hughes' movie features Aleksander Krupa?
Home Alone 3
Which is an oasis town, Hotan or Zhongshan?
Hotan
Invincible is based on the story of the player who played two seasons with which WFL team?
Philadelphia Bell
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is as large as which largest airport in France?
Charles de Gaulle Airport
Terrence "Terry" Dodson is a comic book artist best known for his work on a fictional supervillain and occasionally antihero created by who?
Paul Dini and Bruce Timm
Churchill Falls Airport has service through which regional airline, headquartered in St. John's, Newfoundland?
Provincial Airlines
Who is from farther west,  Andrew Roachford or Mac Powell?
Mac Powell
Which American movie was made in 2007, Miracle or Bridge to Terabithia?
Bridge to Terabithia
Who was the music in the show Anna Louizos did on Broadway?
Richard Rodgers
What is unique about the ski resort near the towns of Danbury and Andover in central New Hampshire?
the only six-person chairlift in New Hampshire
Pawnee Killer formed a military band whom played a dominant role in what country?
the United States of America
Between Mall del Norte and La Plaza Mall, which mall is larger by 3,000 sq. feet?
La Plaza Mall
Jerry Reed had his acting debut in the movie W.W and the Dixie Dancekings, what else was he famous for?
country music singer
What French child prodigy and later Catholic theologian had an SI unit named for him?
Blaise Pascal
Which actrice starred in a 2002 film about the daughter of Laura Ingalls Wilder?
Skye McCole Bartusiak
Sunrise Mall is a two-story, enclosed shopping mall in Corpus Christi, Texas, tenants include Planet Fitness, an American franchisor and operator of fitness centers based in Hampton, in which US state?
New Hampshire
The St. Peter's Mission Church and Cemetery, also known as St. Peter's Mission and as St. Peter's-By-the-Rock is a historic Roman Catholic mission located on Mission Road 10.5 mi west-northwest of the town of Cascade, a town in Cascade County, Montana, in which country?
United States
Are both Marjo and Paul Smith known for music?
yes
Which psychiatric hospital was federally rather than privately funded, St. Elizabeths Hospital or Psychiatric Institute of Washington?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
Which meteorological data assimilation project is a joint product from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction and the National Center for Atmospheric Research?
Meteorological reanalysis
What year did the band that Ian Haugland played in win Rock-SM
1982
What is the the Italian football club that brought the notable player Scifo into the Italian Championship known as outside of Italy?.
Inter Milan
On what TV series did the actor who played Ryan O'Reily on Oz play John Gavin?
Rescue Me
What book contains the character Edward J. Nately III and a title whose name has become a synonym for an absurd or contradictory choice?
"Catch-22"
The SMU Mustangs were coached by which former player after Mike Cavan was let go in 2001?
Phil Bennett
What New York City rock band, formed in 1981, has Braden King made videos for?
Sonic Youth
Maple Hill in Sussex County, N.J. lies on which interstate hiking trail?
Appalachian Trail
"Hot Hot Hot!!!" is a single from a studio album by what kind of rock back?
alternative
Who produced a utility aircraft that is a remanufactured and modified Douglas DC-3, conversions include fitting the frame with the new engine produced by Pratt & Whitney Canada? 
Basler Turbo Conversions
John Carey chaired the first judging panel of an international prize hosted in which country ?
the United Kingdom
What congressional district did Shelli Yoder which is located in south-central and southeastern Indiana?
Indiana's 9th congressional district
"The Day I Tried to Live" is a song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, and was written by which American musician, singer, and songwriter?
Chris Cornell
What former Professor at the University of Maastricht is a former executive at a Dutch multinational headquartered in Heerlen?
Hein Schreuder
Did Fred Savage and James Tinling both work during the Silent Era?
no
Which suburb of Adelaide also borders the suburb renowned for containing the graves of prominent South Australians?
Collinswood
What play about a merchant defaulting on a loan uses comedy of intrigue?
The Merchant of Venice
What former ASEC Mimosas player is currently the nation's most capped player?
Didier Zokora
In Sweden, what hardcore scene collectively refrains from alcohol, tobacco, and drugs use?
Straight Edge
Are both Fazoli's and Papa John's Pizza based out of Kentucky?
yes
North Cumbria University Hospitals NHS Trust runs the hospital in what part of Cumbria?
Carlisle
Candis Cox is an LGBTQ educator who starred alongside Cate Blanchett, Aurora Sexton, and Jason Hayes at a gay bar in what neighborhood?
Greenwich Village
What television series used the technology to record movie-like screenshots of a computer monitor doing various actions, such as a user moving their mouse across the screen, clicking on desktop icons, typing text, et cetera?
South Park
What county is Bedrock Gardens located?
Strafford County
Ferdinando Innocenti, was an Italian businessman, who founded the machinery-works company Innocenti, and was the creator of which brand name of a line of motor scooters initially manufactured in Milan, Italy, by Innocenti?
Lambretta
When was the  English ice dancer born who toured with Garanina, Zavozin and Christopher Dean, and also won a gold medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics?
7 October 1957
The Bozeman Trail was a direct route to the Montana gold fields through an area loosely defined as that between the Bighorn Mountains what hills?
Black Hills
A board of coaches representing what British producer of newsreels and documentaries, active from 1910 through 1970, named William Inwood Smith a first-team All-American in 1935?
Pathé News
Keannekeuk was known as a prophet and spiritual leader of what Algonquian-speaking Native American people?
the Kickapoo
How many clergy did the denomination that the Thomas Chapel A.M.E. Zion Church belongs to begin with?
eight
"My Only Wish" is a holiday song, recorded by which American singer-songwriter and actress?
Jessica Simpson
The Border Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, which was formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 34th (Cumberland) Regiment of Foot and the 55th (Westmorland) Regiment of Foot, the 55th Regiment of Foot was a British Army infantry regiment, raised in which year?
1755
Who won more awards, Wong Ka Kui or Kristoffer Rygg?
Wong Ka-kui
What is the middle name of the man who wrote and performed the single "Sweet Caroline (Good Times Never Seemed So Good)?"
Leslie
Are both Andy Partridge and James LaBrie singers?
yes
What are both Alaunt and Kerry Blue Terrier?
breed of dog
SFX City Theatre, Dublin has hosted productions of which play by Eve Ensler?
The Vagina Monologues
Do the Serbian Hound and the Portuguese Podengo have the same coat characteristics? 
no
Frank E. Campbell staged a funeral for the wife of a President, which president?
John F. Kennedy
When was the daughter of Barbara Kolanka died who became the Queen consort of Poland?
8 May 1551
Were the bands Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros and Harvey Danger formed in the same city?
no
Ancient Monuments of the Mississippi Valley, (full title Ancient Monuments of the Mississippi Valley: Comprising the Results of Extensive Original Surveys and Explorations) (1848) by which American archaeologist and newspaper editor?
Ephraim George Squier
Are Lithocarpus and Epiphyllum in the same family?
no
De Viris Illustribus ("On Illustrious Men") is a collection of short biographies of 135 authors, written in Latin, by the 4th-century Latin Church Father Jerome, the book was dedicated to Flavius Dexter, who served as high chamberlain to Theodosius I and as praetorian prefect to which Western Roman Emperor from 393 to 423, the  younger son of emperor Theodosius I and his first wife Aelia Flaccilla, and brother of Arcadius?
Honorius
The special division's constitutionality was upheld by which 1988 United States Federal Court Case?
Morrison v. Olson, 487 U.S. 654 (1988)
Between Flight of the Conchords and The Used, which group has more members?
The Used
Which National Lampoon actor is also famous for starring in the ABC comedy/drama Foul Play with Goldie Hawn?
Chevy Chase
Where in Jacksonville is the company that was established in 1978 located?
along the banks of the St. Johns River
James R. Matthews was the running mate of which athletic director at the University of Southern California and a former American football player, broadcaster, and politician who was the chairman of the President's Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition from 2002 to 2005?
Lynn Swann
Stuart Besser is a film producer that has appeared as an actor in a film directed by who?
James Mangold
Which star of The Brothers was born in 1897 ?
John Laurie
Twicecoaster: Lane 2, is the reissue of which South Korean girl group formed by JYP Entertainment through the 2015 reality show "Sixteen"?
Twice
Oh Yeon-seo, a star of Please Come Back, Mister, is also known for her role in what other television drama from 2012?
My Husband Got a Family
What house known as Tweede Kamer included politician William Drees Jr in the 1970s?
House of Representatives
What organization controlled Hilmar Björnsson and the Iceland national football team?
Football Association of Iceland
Latania and Arundina are types of flora that are native to which ocean?
Indian Ocean
Evan Goldberg collaborated on a film with a screenplay by who? 
Dan Sterling
In what year did the episode "Eastwatch" from HBO's "Game of Thrones" air? 
2017
This famous televangelist who had a summer festival and is known as the godfather of charismatic movement was ordained in what churches?
Pentecostal Holiness and United Methodist
What singer of wonky pop was born in 1983?
MIKA
Who founded a U.S. arms development firm that is best known for an American submachine gun, invented by John T. Thompson in 1918, that became infamous during the Prohibition era?
Colonel John T. Thompson
Zema Williams is in a number of television commercials with a former American football running back who played college football where? 
Miami
Who is older, Thomas Johansson or Jim Courier?
James Spencer Courier Jr.
Jon Garth Murray was the half-brother of a reverend from what faith?
Baptist
Ramón del Valle-Inclán and Michel Leiris, are in which shared industry?
writer
What company founded by Bill Schmidt and Sean Murray theater's name is a reference to a previously standing structure, during the first half of William Shakespeare's career?
Cygnet Theatre Company
when did the king whom John Russell's Regiment of Guards formed following the restoration of born?
29 May 1630
Which four kingdoms did the Great Heathen Army invade?
Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia and Wessex
A Primera División team plays in which city that is located in the Cyuo region of Argentina?
San Juan
Are Margyricarpus and Lathraea both plants?
yes
What actress, born on June 22, 1949 stars in the television series "Thicker than Water"?
Lindsay Wagner
Are the bands The Rain Parade and Jawbox from the same cities?
no
What channel is Muffie Cabot's son in law the chief political correspondent for?
ABC News
The Queen's Palaces is a 2011 documentary written by a journalist born in what year ?
1964
when was the song in which  Garver is credited for released?
August 6, 1990
Where was the amusement park operated at which The Big Dipper was a wooden roller coaster operating at?
Glenelg, South Australia
Are Nine Black Alps and The Wallflowers both formed in California?
no
Which novel, Herbert or Ten Days That Shook the World, was by American journalist and socialist John Reed?
Ten Days That Shook the World
What is the name of the Brazilian club whose president was the first winner of the Bidone d'Oro?  
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Phulwa Khamkar choreographed a Hindi thriller film that features who in her debut in Hindi cinema?
Raai Laxmi
What was the name of the summer residence of Prince Carl of Denmark's close confidant Count Peder Anker Wedel-Jarlsberg?
Esviken
The career of How to Smuggle the Hernia Across the Border star Tony Curtis spanned how many decades? 
six decades
What other strikers played with Oralndo Maturana on the Colombian national football team?
Adolfo Valencia
are both, University of British Columbia and American University of Sharjah,universities in the same country ?
no
Who appeared in both Johnson Family Vacation movie, American Pie and Scary Movie?
Shannon Elizabeth
Which Indian model and actress appeared in the movie Fever as well as the action thriller "Game" (2011)?
Gauhar Khan
When was Gerald McRaney actor in Get Low born?
August 19, 1947
Which English author of books on cookery appeared in the first series of Market Kitchen?
Tana Ramsay
Which is more widespread in nature, Utricularia or Franklinia?
Utricularia
Mikkey Ekko's first-charting material was released on which of Rihanna's albums?
Unapologetic
The 2015–16 Charlotte 49ers women's basketball team represents represents the University located where? 
Charlotte, North Carolina, United States
What year was the star of Proximity, The Outsiders and St Elmo's Fire born in?
1964
Which board game was created in Finland, King Oil or Inkan aarre?
Inkan aarre
Between Soundgarden and Flight of the Conchords, which group has more members?
Soundgarden
Which movie stars Jeffrey Byron, The London Connection or The Light in the Forest?
The London Connection
Are Strangers in Paradise and Half Japanese both from the United States?
no
Patrick Miller of Dalswinton, just north of Dumfries, was a Scottish banker, shareholder in the Carron Company engineering works and inventor, he is buried in a tomb against the southern wall of Greyfriars Kirkyard in Edinburgh, in which country?
Scotland
Which queen, crowned in 1952 bestowed Caritas Lawrence the recipient of the Order of the British Empire?
Elizabeth II
This 1992 game for the Atari Lynx that let you play a casino game named after the French word meaning what?
little wheel
What proportion of California residents supported creation of a bioregion and proposed country in western region of North America.
One-third
What job title did both Miranda Hart and some of the actors in Rush Hour have in common?
comedian
Which university is a private university, Massachusetts Institute of Technology or University of Missouri System?
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Forman Christian College and Rice University, have which university type in common?
research
Anti-Semitism in the 21st Century: The Resurgence and Wrath of Gods, is which genre film?
documentary
What year did the father of Konstantin Raikin die?
1987
As of 2011, Rena Effendi is based in a city titled as what ?
the city of a thousand minarets
What does the Challenger 2 have in common with the Challenger 1?
British main battle tank
What is the name of the castle on the coast of Kirkoswald parich that Christina Bruce was born at?
Turnberry Castle
On what date did the he Maryland 400 repeatedly charge a numerically superior British force?
August 27, 1776
What staff college is located on Aquidneck Island?
Naval War College
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its twelfth series beginning from 7 September 2014, judges include Craig Revel Horwood, an Australian-British dancer, choreographer and theatre director, in which country?
United Kingdom
Warren East is the chief executive officer of a company established in which year ?
1904
Felix Airways Limited, also known as Al Saeeda, is a low-cost airline based in Sana'a, Yemen, it was established in 2008 as a subsidiary of which flag carrier, it  operates scheduled domestic and international passenger flights to destinations in Africa and the Middle East, as well as to Asia and Europe?
Yemenia
What year did the actress and dancer noted as an iconic symbol of the flapper star in a Mal St. Clair film?
1926
Where does the hotel and casino located which launched Mansfield's revue "The House of Love"?
Paradise, Nevada
Where is the builder of The V/Line RTL class headquartered?
Portland, Oregon
When did the marque of brand that the Scion Fuse is part of start?
2003
Who voiced the character of the person who helped Ned Flanders spread the religious belief of creationism in the episode The Monkey Suit ?
Harry Shearer,
Which modern day states were a part of the 14th century Turco-Mongol empire?
Iran, the Caucasus, Mesopotamia, Afghanistan, much of Central Asia, as well as parts of contemporary Pakistan, Syria, and Turkey
Who is the vocalist on Skintight and started as a vocalist for Theatre of Tragedy?
Liv Kristine
Of the magazines The Weekly Standard and Viltis which is the lighter read?
Viltis
Scott Kosar is a screenwriter who updated the horror film that was originally released in what year?
1979
What was the seating capacity for the venue in which the 2016 LNB All-Star Game was played?
7,000 to 20,300
Demelaz Reveley is an Australian model who won the fourth cycle of a show that premiered in what year?
2005
What was the name of a play written by a Czech-born British playwright and produced by Doris Cole Abrahams that won a Tony Award for?
Travesties
Eartha is located within the headquarters of a producer of personal satellite tracking, messaging, and navigation technology, whose main product is what?
inReach
A Boy Named Sue and Rembrandt's J'Accuse, are which genre?
documentary
The winner of the 2009 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard race currently races what car?
No. 48 Chevrolet SS
Robert Locke is an American conservative columnist, he's an admirer of Leo Strauss, a conservative scholar, and German-American political philosopher and classicist, who specialized in which type of philosophy?
classical political
Did Stevie Ray Vaughan or Hugh Cornwell have a longer mainstream career span?
Hugh Alan Cornwell
To which taxonomic category do both Itea and Alocasia belong?
genus
Ruffin McNeill and what current head coach of the Washington State Cougars football team were head coach of the Red Raiders?
Mike Leach
What nationality is the actress who played George Sand in the 1991 film Impromptu ?
Australian
Which city, Yixing or Shangqiu, has a larger population?
Yixing
Kim Jung-ah and Brett Hestla both work under which profession?
musician
Dragon Naturally Speaking, by Nuance, an American multinational computer software technology corporation is a competitor of  iListen,  a speech recognition program by what computer company?
Apple
Australian drama film directed and written by Sarah Spillane, features a storyline that occurred during the riots that took place on the evening of what date?
Saturday the 14 February 2004
Moonsault Scramble was the tallest roller coaster until 1996, when which steel roller coaster at the same park overtook it?
Fujiyama
Sam Bard Treiman (May 27, 1925 – November 30, 1999) was an American theoretical physicist who produced research in the fields of cosmic rays, quantum physics, plasma physics and gravity physics, he was a student of Enrico Fermi,  an Italian physicist and the creator of the world's first nuclear reactor, called what?
Chicago Pile-1
Nikolai Vladimirovich Zateyev was the commander of one of the first two what?
Soviet submarines of the 658 class
What date did the program, in which the Bracebridge Capital made $1.5 billion from, begin?
January 14, 2005
Jennifer Anniston's father portrays the fictional character Victor Kiriakis on what long-running show?
Days of Our Lives
What country of origin does 2 Days & 1 Night and The Return of Superman have in common?
South Korean
Japanese voice actress Saori Hayami starred in the anime adaptation of which property that started as a web novel series by Tsutomu Satō?
The Irregular at Magic High School
Both Almeda Sperry and Emma Golman were and anarchist and what?
political activist
Georgia was released in 2016 during which annual event, held in April?
Record Store Day
Are both Zorro and Snow Dogs produced by an American company?
yes
Rousey vs. Carmouche was a mixed martial arts event held by which American mixed martial arts organization based in Las Vegas, Nevada, that is owned and operated by parent company WME–IMG?
Ultimate Fighting Championship
What is the title of the work, based on Philippa Gregory's historical novel series "The Cousins' War" did Max Irons take part?
The White Queen
Where was the university, in which former professor Alan Johnson taught Democratic Theory and Practice, located?
Ormskirk, Lancashire, England
Where is the Silver Dollar city theme park with the Grand exposition  steel roller coaster located?
Branson, Missouri
Andreas Hinterstoisser's climb up the Eiger is featured in what 2008 German historical film directed by Phillip Stölzl? 
North Face
The film Opera House features a cameo by the director's sister who was born in this year?
1982
Who produced the television series which had the fictional character "Inque"?
Warner Bros
Which tier of English football (first, second, third, fourth, fifth) does Koby Arthur play for?
fifth
What is the name of the 1998 song produced by Will Smith? 
Everytime
What nationality is the player who received the 2000 Ballon d'Or?
Portuguese
Which American actor famous for his roles as a leading man in the 1950s and 1960s starred in the movie Man's Favorite Sport? 
Rock Hudson
Which actress made debut in marathi films who is popular for her role in "Chak De! India" ?
Sagarika Ghatge
When as the DVD box set of the simposon's season that included the episode that Mr. Burns starts to miss his childhood teddy bear released in region 1 ?
December 21, 2004
What are South Coast Metro and South Coast Plasa?
urban-retail village
The Journal of Economic Issues is edited by an alumnus of which college, located in Jonesboro, Arkansas?
Arkansas State University
Pumpkin ale can be produced by using what ingredient as a portion of the grain bill?
pumpkin flesh
No Trace Camping produced a 2015 independent drama film that was directed by Lenny Abrahamson, and was written by who?
Emma Donoghue
Which dog breed is larger, the Caucasian Shepherd Dog or the Cesky Terrier?
The Caucasian Shepherd Dog
Also called the Rutherford gold foil experiment, this New Zealand born British physicist directed the Geiger-Marsden experiment and later was known as the father of nuclear physics. Who was he?
Ernest Rutherford
Snug is a minor character from who's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream", he is a joiner who comes from Athens who is hired by Peter Quince, and is one of the six mechanicals of Athens who perform the play which Quince himself authored, "The Most Lamentable Comedy and Most Cruel Death of Pyramus and Thisbe" for the Duke Theseus and his wife Hippolyta at their wedding?
William Shakespeare
Did Richard L. Bare and Pavel Ruminov both direct films?
yes
Full Bloom is the fourth Korean studio album by a band whose name comes from what greek word?
"chara"
What was the nationality of the star of 7 Faces of Dr. Lao?
American
The members of American punk rock band Green Day have a side band called "Foxboro Hot Tubs", the singer goes by a different name. What name does he use?
Reverend Strychnine Twitch
The Sushi Economy by Sasha Issenberg is a nonfiction book about sushi and globalization, The book takes the form of a global travelogue ranging from Atlantic bluefin tuna fishermen in Gloucester, Massachusetts, to the global restaurant empire of Nobuyuki Nobu Matsuhisa, is a Japanese celebrity chef and restaurateur known for his which type cuisine, blending traditional Japanese dishes, with Peruvian ingredients?
fusion
What is the middle name of the coach that led the Warriors to their first conference championship and bowl victory since 1992?
Sheldon
In what city did Balls Mahoney begin his career in Assault Championship Wrestling?
Connecticut
The series of wars the Bremen-Verden Campaign was part of was fought where?
northern and northeastern Europe
What is the birthdate of Republican Vice Presidential nominee that used the slogan "Drill, baby, drill!" during the vice-presidential debate?
February 11, 1964
Rich Ross is Group President of Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, Science Channel and Velocity, when Ross was named Chairman of Walt Disney Studios in which year, he became the first openly gay studio chief?
2009
In what season of the 2017 year is the Netflix German language series that Anatole Taubman will appear in, scheduled to be released?
winter
What do Sidney Salkow and Chris Eyre have in common?
American film director
What band is Matthew Murphy and drummer Dan Haggis in?
The Wombats
Which actor who starred in the English children's television show All Change had the middle name "Anthony David?"
Tony Haygarth
Who directed the comedy written by the duo known as "Franken & Davis"?
1986
What havr Jack Russell and and Robert Lamm both done? 
founding member
What is the fourth role playing game set in the Marvel Universe, whose lead game designer was Cam Banks?
Marvel Heroic Roleplaying
In between Cooper v. Aaron and Loving v. Virginia which one invalidated laws prohibiting interracial marriage?
Loving v. Virginia
This award-winning Irish actor worked on the London stage before playing an officer of the United States Army who later served in what?
U.S. Army Reserve
UGENE is computer software for bioinformatics, it works on desktop computer operating systems such as this family of free and open-source software operating system, operating system kernel first released on September 17, 1991 by ?
Linus Torvalds
Who is the island named after on which the city Anna Maria is located?
Anna Maria Ceravolo
The 2011 Texas A&M Aggies football team represented Texas A&M University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season, The Aggies were led by Michael Francis Sherman, a fourth year American football coach and former player, during the regular season and who during their bowl game?
Tim DeRuyter
What animated TV series did Pamela Hayden star in?
The Simpsons
Which band was formed first: Queens of the Stone Age or The La's?
The La's
The Boys of Summer is a 1972 non-fiction baseball book, in it he tracks the lives of which American professional baseball player? 
Harold Peter Henry "Pee Wee" Reese
Which American rock band from Franklin, Tennessee formed in 2004, consisting of three members was featured on AbsolutePunk?
Paramore
Are Fairbanks International Airport and Deadhorse Airport both located on the North Slope of Alaska?
no
The hit single "The Best Is Yet To Come" was featured on which motion picture soundtrack starring Kim Basinger?
9½ Weeks
"Outside" is a song by the Foo Fighters from an album produced by who ?
Butch Vig
The Forest is my Throne/Yggdrasill is by Satyricon and a Norwegian extreme metal band formed by Ivar Bjornson and who?
Grutle Kjellson
What is the nationality of the director of the film adaptation of Bid Time Return?
French-American
The society that operates the Mayflower House Museum was founded in what year?
1897
Were vocalists Pete Shelley and Doug Fieger both American?
no
The creator of the Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar is also the creator of what other coin? 
Cleveland Centennial half dollar
Tactical Force stars an actress who played hat character in "Jason X"?
Rowan
The Boise State Broncos football program has a 3-0 record in an American college football bowl game played annually at what stadium?
University of Phoenix Stadium
Who was responsible for putting the band, Missing Man Formation, together after leaving an American rock band that had been formed in Palo Alto, California?
Vince Welnick
What did the O'Chiese First Nation trade in "Fur trade"?
animal fur
Which actor best known for starring in Boardwalk Empire played in a movie based on the novel Indignation by Philip Roth?
Ben Rosenfield
Who has acted in the movie After the Sunset and has received five Emmy Award nominations? 
Woody Harrelson
How many people are employed by the company that Gerry Grimstone is the deputy chairman of?
120,000
Finishing the Hat, a book by American musical theatre composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim, contains the lyrics from which musical Sondheim collaborated with Burt Shevelove?
The Frogs
What did the second cutter named for Signalman First Class received besides from the Medal of Honor?
decoration posthumously
The 924th Fighter Group was reassigned to a base on 1 October 2012 located where?
seven miles (11 km) west of the central business district of Glendale
What American indie rock group released an album in September 14, 2010?
Cloud Cult
Who formed the band Kamelot featuring Sascha Paeth?
Thomas Youngblood and Richard Warner
What league did Crlos Boozer join after being cut by the Chicago Bulls in 2014?
the Chinese Basketball Association
What was the occupation of the Turk born in 1238 who has a name that is popular among Métis and Aboriginals in the Northwest of North America?
Turkish poet and Sufi mystic
What Mexican city had an Athletic Club whose football team played in the Primera Fuerza in 1943?
Puebla
Carborundum printmaking is a collagraph printmaking technique in which the image is created by adding light passages to a dark field, normally, cardboard or wood plates are coated in a layer of Silicon carbide (SiC), also known as carborundum, is a compound of silicon and carbon, synthetic silicon carbide powder has been mass-produced since which year?
1893
What non profit foundation was founded by the wife of former King of Belgium, King Albert II?
The Queen Paola Foundation
Were Dani Filth and Daryl Hall memebers of the same band?
no
Which group does an elaborate, one-take videos, OK Go or Queens of the Stone Age?
OK Go
Are both universities, Beirut Arab University and Johnson C. Smith University, located in the same country ?
no
Berger Blanc Suisse and Polish Lowland Sheepdog are both what?
dog
When was the Australian actress, known for her role as Rebekah Mikaelson born who was also a star in Messengers 2: The Scarecrow?
June 11, 1988
Which Major General was a Marine for 34 years and has received two separate Medals of Honor like Marine Daniel Daly?
Smedley Butler
Who wrote the film Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer loosely based on real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and Ottis Toole?
John McNaughton
Which artist sings the song that is featured on both "Big Momma's House" and a 2001 American comedy-drama film directed by Brian Robbins?
Lil' Bow Wow
Where is the band who released The Definitive Series formed?
Sydney, Australia
What is the name of the Arena in which the Oklahoma based team which traded in Jeffrey Lynn Green from the Boston Celtics, plays its home games?
Chesapeake Energy Arena
The most common style of beer in Austria is similar  to what lager that originated in Bavaria?
Märzen
Glaswegian sports reporter David Burns works for which regional BBC radio station?
BBC Radio Humberside
Which city has the larger population, Longchang or Bazhou City?
Longchang
What year did Princess Basma bint Talal's nephew become king?
1999
Who was on the Houston Rockets, and the current head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers?
Tyronn Lue
Are the Huangzhou District and the city of Ruzhou located in the same province of China?
no
What was the Cranberrie's most successful single to date while also serving as a protest song?
Zombie
The 1992 Spengler Cup was held in an Alpine town, located on what river?
Landwasser
What passes through Lyme, New Hampshire and is the longest hiking-only trail in the world?
Appalachian Trail
Did both Howard Norman and Hart Crane write modernist poetry?
no
Are the Brandy Alexander and The Goldeneye both made of rum?
no
No. 329 Squadron RAF, was a Royal Air Force(RAF) fighter squadron founded upon the personnel and traditions of the French 1/2 fighter squadron Storks, having markings "5A" 1944-1945, the Royal Air Force (RAF) is which country's aerial warfare force?
United Kingdom
What is the name of the non-commercial college radio station owned by a university located 25 miles northwest of Boston?
WUML (91.5 FM)
Who is recognized as a hero for his actions in the aftermath of a megathrust earthquake off the coast of Japan that occurred at 14:46 JST (05:46 UTC) on Friday 11 March 2011?
Hideaki Akaiwa
Who does Lauren Cohan play in the 56th episode, titled "Self Help", of a post-apocalyptic horror television series?
Maggie Greene
How many games were won during his career by the right-handed pitcher whose deadly beanball in 1920 is featured in "The Pitch That Killed" by Mike Sowell?
over 200
Where does the Piano Competition take place that was founded by a woman who was known as the Countess of Harewood?
Leeds, West Yorkshire, England
Kevin Watson is the current manager of which Hertfordshire-based football club?
Bishop's Stortford Football Club
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani (English: "This Youth is Crazy"), is a 2013 Indian romantic comedy-drama film, the Indian film actor, Aditya Roy Kapur plays a supporting role, he had a brief career as a VJ, on what?
Channel V
where was the Bengali Indian musician which Arup Chattopadhyay has performances with born 
Rabindra Shankar Chowdhury
Eric Campbell, was a solicitor in New South Wales, Australia and the leader of which organization, that was formed in Sydney, Australia in February 1931 as a paramilitary offshoot from a conservative tradition defending loyalty to King and Empire, sound government, law and order, individual liberty and property rights?
New Guard
What category of racing does Daniel Ricciardo and Red Bull RB11 compete in?
Formula One
In what year was the musician that was a special guest and played with the band Dredg on their album "Live at the Fillmore" born?
1970
The Reichskonkordat was signed by the Cardinal Secretary of State under Pope Pius XI and the Vice Chancellor under which leader?
Adolf Hitler
Who died first, Cindy Baer or Ingmar Bergman?
Ingmar Bergman
Along with Helen Carter, what is the name of the member of "Mother Maybelle and the Carter Sisters" who wrote "Juke Box Blues"?
Maybelle Carter
Brendan O'Neill is the editor of what magazine, that focuses on politics, culture and society from a broadly libertarian perspective?
Spiked
Is the Herald or The Liberator Magazine published further north?
The Liberator Magazine
The Sydmonton Festival is held at the estate of the composer who is of what nationality?
English
Which movie was filmed more recently, Scared Straight! or The Fearless Freaks?
Fearless Freaks
Richard Halsey attended high school in what school district?
Los Angeles Unified School District
Between the BMW 3 series and BMW 4 series, which year was the earlier one released?
2011
Who was the chief economic policy adviser during the 2008 presidential campaign of the current US Senator from Arizona?
Douglas James "Doug" Holtz-Eakin
The Rutshire Chronicles is a series of novels in a genre defined as "a fictitious narrative in prose or verse; the interest of which turns upon marvellous and uncommon incidents" by who?
Walter Scott
What is the prize money for the event held at the main horse racing track for the Australian state of South Australia for two-year old horses?
120,000
Aukštaitian, is one of the dialects of the Lithuanian language, spoken in ethnographic regions of Aukštaitija, Dzūkija and which of the smallest of the five cultural regions of Lithuania?
Suvalkija
Kanzleramt is a German television series based on an American serial political drama television series created by who?
Aaron Sorkin
What is the single word name of the island that housed a federal prison from 1934 to 1963?
Alcatraz
Who is the main protagonist of the novel by Dan Brown that has been compared to Interred With Their Bones?
Robert Langdon
The concept of treason can be dated back to the early Roman republic, but was defined by nebulous criteria, it would be the common laws of this time period which would most directly influence those customary in the court of King Arthur, a legendary British leader who, according to medieval histories and romances, led the defence of Britain against which invaders in the late 5th and early 6th centuries AD?
Saxon
Which 2005 proposed federal law was authored by the Republican nominee in the 2017 special election to fill the United States Senate seat vacated by Jeff Sessions?
Constitution Restoration Act
Which professional tennis player won more doubles titles, Henri Leconte or Claudia Kohde-Kilsch?
Claudia Kohde-Kilsch
What song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna and like "Turn Around" was a collaboration between StarGate and Benny Blanco?
"Diamonds"
John Taylor served as a junior minister under a British politician who led the conservative party between which years ?
from 1990 to 1997
Are both Zhongxiang and Nanchang located in China?
yes
Who,  Chang-Rae Lee or Evelyn Waugh, is a Korean-American novelist and a professor of creative writing at Stanford University?
Chang-rae Lee
What American attorney currently represents New York's 10th Congressional District?
Jerrold Nadler
Pennsylvania Route 433 passes by what depot that was originally known as Letterkenny Ordnance Depot?
Letterkenny Army Depot
What was Amy Dumas' theme song when she was a wrestler?
LoveFuryPassionEnergy
Who produced the film series in which Mackenzie Crook played Ragetti?
Jerry Bruckheimer
Parramatta State School is located on Mulgrave Road and Cairns is a city in the Cairns Region, Queensland are located in what country?
Australian
I Prevail gained popularity for posting a cover of a Taylor Swift song that is off which of her Albums?
1989
What was the nickname of the Jazz player who retired following the 1990–91 Utah Jazz season ?
Dr. Dunkenstein
Lowe has been compared favorably to which English rock band formed in 1980?
New Order
Which Canal was constructed during World War II, Middlesex Canal or Cape May Canal?
Cape May Canal
Charles Blake was part of a regiment that was raised in what year?
1702
Which of these is a French composer Claude Debussy or Giovanni Paisiello
Claude Debussy
What is the population of the county in which Jamesburg Park, New Jersey lies?
837,073
did Walt Disney produce both the The Parent Trap and The Light in the Forest?
yes
The College of Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign was first established in 1868,  Engineering at Illinois consistently ranks amongst the top five such engineering colleges in the United States by which American media company that publishes news, opinion, consumer advice, rankings, and analysis, founded as a newsweekly magazine in 1933?
U.S. News & World Report
Do Cara Black and Marin Čilić share the same nationality?
no
What comedian who died in 1971 appeared in Reaching for the Sun?
Billy Gilbert
Kubilay "Kubi" Türkyilmaz completed his international career as the all-time joint leading goal scorer for a team known in German as what?
Schweizer Nati
What American orchestrator composed the music for Disney's 52nd Disney animated feature film.
David Metzger
Which English actor appearing in Terry and June was in the twenty-third "Carry On" film released in 1972?
Terry Scott
"Make Some Noise" is a pop song by American actress and recording artist, Miley Cyrus, performing as Hannah Montana – the alter ego of Miley Stewart,the fictional main character in the television series, on which channel?  
Disney Channel
Where did Republican John W. Griggs who defeated Democratic nominee Alexander T. McGill with 52.28% of the vote reside after the election?
Drumthwacket
What was the team that Stevie Johnson played for called BEFORE they movie to San Diego?
Los Angeles Chargers
What type of judgement does Boston and Sacco and Vanzetti have in common?
execution
Meet the Robinsons is Different from Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo how?
computer-animated science fiction comedy
Are Go Further and The Big One both a documentary film?
yes
 Horace Evans was a Welsh physician who was involved in the botched operation on a Foreign Minister born in what year?
1897
Which Republican representative considered running for US Senate after fellow Republican John Warner vacated in 2009?
Thomas Milburn "Tom" Davis III
Who claimed the regions of Araucania and eastern Patagonia while also being accused of being a self-proclaimed king?
Orélie-Antoine de Tounens
 Frank Schuster home became a meeting place for artists, writers and musicians including an English conductor whose first prominent was conductor of what?
City of Birmingham Orchestra
Whose death during the 1973 Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort Circuit in the Netherlands is the subject of a book by David Tremayne?
Roger Williamson
The quality of mercy is a quote by Portia in the play to the character who has what profession?
moneylender
Which American singer was part of the Citizen Change political service group and spent a record sixteen weeks atop the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Mariah Carey
What band does the star of "Lost Boys: The Thirst" sing for?
Truth Movement
Who covered the song "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" written by John Martin in an album released in 2003?
Billy Dean
In which year was the album released which included the single "Long Kiss Goodnight", which was used as a sample in the song "Rap name"?
1997
Capriccio and Dafne, are which type of musical play?
opera
Are Edele Lynch and Joey Ramone both from the same country ?
no
Which duet recorded by Coldplay and Rihanna is segued into from the song U.F.O. on the album Mylo Xyloto?
Princess of China
To what state did the organization which Carla Gericke is the President Emeritus of recruit libertarians to move?
New Hampshire
What was the person's original sobriquet who was promoted by an advertising executive?
Queen of Mean
Who helped Bryan Adams and Michael Kamen write the song that preceded the second single of the album "Waking Up the Neighbours"?
Robert John "Mutt" Lange
The actress best known for her performance as Margery in the original Broadway cast of "Hand To God" appeared in what 2012 superhero comedy film?
Alter Egos
The 2016 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season, the 122nd season of Sooner football, they played their home games at Gaylord Family - Oklahoma Memorial Stadium, also known as Owen Field or The Palace on the Prairie, is the on-campus football facility on the campus of the University of Oklahoma in Norman, Oklahoma, in which country?
United States
George Miller co-wrote, produced and directed which 1998 film whose cast included Magdelene Mary "Magda" Szubanski, and Austrailian television and film actress?
Babe: Pig in the City
Port Bouet Airport is the main hub of the flag carrier based in what city?
Abidjan
Foxcatcher is a 2014 American true crime sports drama film, the film stars Steve Carell, Mark Ruffalo, and Channing Matthew Tatum is an American actor, born when?
April 26, 1980
Jean Snella coached the team that has colors of what?
blue, white and red
A brand that is formerly known as Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc., operates what restaurant chain that had over 15,000 locations worldwide as of 2015?
Pizza Hut
The birthplace of composer Robert Browne Hall, who is well known for composing marching music, is situated at the west side of which bay in Maine?
Merrymeeting Bay
What is the name of a Danish televesion crime series and stars Trine Pallesen?
Rejseholdet
FXX is an American digital cable and satellite television channel launched on September 2, 2013, owned by 21st Century Fox through FX Networks, LLC, Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., is an American multinational mass media corporation based in Midtown Manhattan in which city?
New York City
Robert Douglas was part of the team that reached the 2003 UEFA Cup final under the manager from what country?
Northern Ireland
Upper Waitohi has a monument dedicated to an inventor in aviation. Who is this inventor?
Richard Pearse
How long is the track used in the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans race?
13.629 km
How are Obregonia and  Trichodiadema different from each other?
genus of cacti
Karl Kraepelin specialized in the study of what predatory arachnids?
Scorpion
Oliver Goodall belong to a group of military pilots formed from what Fighter Group?
332nd Fighter Group
Which building is taller, CitySpire Center or 750 7th Avenue?
CitySpire Center
Are Gene Nelson and Rainer Werner Fassbinder both American directors?
no
Are Give Us Our Skeletons and Dave Chappelle's Block Party both comedies?
no
Lengshuitan District and Neijiang, are located on which country?
People's Republic of China
Who starred in the film directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse along side Jessica Lange, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jason Robards?
Michelle Pfeiffer
Are Melvin Van Peebles and A. Edward Sutherland both playwrights?
no
What is the companys that produced a film with a character voiced by Brian Temba?
Disney
Rosalyn Higgins is the former president of the primary judicial branch of the United Nations, that is seated in the Peace Palace in what country?
Netherlands
The journalist who contributed to The New Statesman wrote a 1999 book about whom?
William Jefferson Clinton
What part of New York did the 1976 New York Mets season's home games take place?
Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Queens, New York City
Anna Kendrick starred in a movie based on a musical whose composer has won what awards?
Tony Awards
What is a four-part television documentary series about human evolution produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom, Aliens of the Deep or Walking with Cavemen ?
Walking with Cavemen
Tommy LiPuma worked with many musicians, including what French singer, actress, dancer and recording artist who was popular during the 1960s and 1970s?
Claudine Georgette Longet
The attack on what city in Libya by members of the Islamic group Ansar al-Sharia led to the formation of a committee with Trey Gowdy as it's chairman?
Benghazi
Who directed the British documentary that covered the killing of the wife of the 1970s punk rock scene?
Alan G. Parker
Who directed the 1978 film that Hank Searls wrote a novelization for?
Jeannot Szwarc
At which university did this American writer, lawyer, actor, and commentator on political and economic issues, who appeared in the 1993 comedy-drama film "Me and the Kid" get a law degree?
Yale Law School
Which magazine covers more topics, Essence or Mothering?
Essence
What is the common name for things such as Maltose, Sucrose or saccharide?
sugar
James Mangold, is an American film and television director, screenwriter and producer, films he has directed include Logan, an American epic neo-western superhero drama film, released in which year, and  produced by Marvel Entertainment?
2017
what show series does Tim King refer to such as  the show Lost?
mythology of the series
What type of music do the English band from Manchester Oasis, and the Australian band Hoodoo Gurus from Sydney specialise in?
rock
Which school in the Kansas Unified School District 233 has the Owl for a mascot?
Olathe West High School
When a Candian-born former Northern Ireland International footballer moved to Millwall how many managers did the team go through in fourteen months?
four
What is that largest loyalty card scheme company in the UK that is managed by a company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange?
Nectar is a loyalty card scheme in the United Kingdom, run by Aimia.
Are both Xinjiang University and University of Ruhuna in the same country ?
no
Name the British drama film starring Judi Dench and Billy Connolly which has the sequel 'Victoria & Abdul' a 2017 biographical comedy-drama film?
Mrs Brown
Which of the original Assassin to "The Assassins" was best known as one half of the tag team?
Jody Hamilton
Who starred in both Gnomeo and Juliet and My Summer of Love?
Emily Blunt
Dr. Demento 20th Anniversary Collection contains a song by what singer who is known for his humorous songs that make light of popular culture and often parody specific songs by contemporary musical acts?
Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic
The 1977 Tennessee Volunteers were led by which former football player as coach?
John Terrill Majors
Comparison between Morina and Tradescantia?
French physician and botanist
"The Injury" was one of how many episodes that season?
22
Roberta Bergersen was the 52nd overall NBA draft pick, in what city?
Washington, D.C.
Madhusudhan Rao is an actor who appeared in what 2016 action fantasy horror comedy film?
Kaashmora
Are Manuel Orantes and Hank Pfister both former tennis players ?
yes
Whom was the sister of a prominent figure in the Restoration court and an influential friend of Queen Anne of Great Britain?
Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough
Who designed more movie sets, Harry Lachman or James P. Hogan?
Harry B. Lachman
What is formed through a reaction of (CH)C(CHOH) and Carbonyl Chloride?
Polycarbonate
David Berman was a partner with what mobster who was a driving force behind the development of the Las Vegas Strip?
Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel
Who is older Keanu Reeves or Rolf de Heer?
Rolf de Heer
The Chiltern Shakespeare Company is a Shakespearean theatre company founded in 1989 that produces Shakespearean plays annually in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, recent productions include, As You Like It is a pastoral comedy by William Shakespeare believed to have been written in which year, and first published in the First Folio in 1623?
1599
What is the date of birth of the chemist whose work was recounted in Haber?
9 December 1868
Cher's title track from her 22nd album is featured in what video anthology?
The Very Best of Cher: The Video Hits Collection
Avengers: Infinity War featured which Canadian actress and model?
Jacoba Francisca Maria "Cobie" Smulders
Isaac Durnford had a role on the Canadian series directed by whom?
J. J. Johnson
What event at the McNichols Sports Arena saw a soccer kick used by Gerard Gordeau to defeat Teila Tuli?
UFC 1
Who, the Chalk FarM band or Beck Hansen, released two albums in the late 1990s?
Chalk FarM
"Ding Dong, Ding Dong" was a minor 70s hit for which renowned musician, in the style of Wizzard and Slade's biggest-selling Christmas singles?
George Harrison
Who was Prince Hisahito of Akishino's great grandmother?
Empress Nagako
Are Riverside Canal and Lake Washington Ship Canal both in the United States?
yes
What is the birthdate of this American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, and singer, who starred in Nine Lives?
July 26, 1959
Ernst Stuhlinger developed which kinds of systems with the man who invented the V-2 rocket?
guidance systems
What software and services company started in Peterborough, England in 1963 became a pioneer of what, that was aquired by the holding company of NGA Human Resources?
computerised Payroll Services
Are  W. E. B. Griffin and Mary Gordon both writers?
yes
Kaui Hart Hemmings debut novel The Descendants was adapted into a movie starring what actor who has received three Golden Globe and two Academy Awards?
George Timothy Clooney
What other reactor did the supervisor of construction of the reactor that went critical under the supervision of Enrico Fermi build?
Experimental Breeder Reactor I
The CEO of WWXY-LD in San Juan, Puerto Rico was changed to what name?
IHeartMedia
Which 1992 film, a sequel to the 1990 film "The Hunt for Red October", stars the actor who gained worldwide fame for his starring roles as Han Solo in the "Star Wars" film series and as the title character of the "Indiana Jones" film series?
Patriot Games
What is a 2005 American science fiction-thriller film directed by Michael Bay, that starred an American actor who is best known for his work in television series such as "The Sopranos"?
The Island
George Mason made an appearance in the mystery drama television series written by whom?
Jane Campion and Gerard Lee
In what year was the boxer whose technical knockout caused Carlos Morocho Hernández to end his career born?
1945
What was the population of the city where Nalanda Open University is located in 2011?
1.68 million
The Millennium Falcon appears in a 2014 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film that was directed by Phil Lord and who else?
Christopher Miller
What was name of the most important land tax upheld by feudalism under the king?
geld
The explosive Pyrotol was known for being used in a 1927 bombing commited by who?
Andrew Kehoe
What opera house whose first Opera staging was Beethovens "Fidelio" had a guest conductor born November 6th 1978 in Valencia, Spain?
Palau de les Arts
Which city names comes from Buyeo, Fuyu, Jilin or Yanji?
The city name comes from Buyeo,
Pencil is based on a 2009 South Korean thriller film that starred Yoo Seung-ho and who else?
Kang So-ra
Computer Blue is from the soundtrack taken from thealbum directed by whom?
Albert Magnoli
Ladislas de Hoyos was the first journalist to interview with the SS member known as what?
Butcher of Lyon
Jim Farley was the grandson of the man who worked at the Ford plant located in what city?
Dearborn, Michigan
Dorsa Whiston was named after which English theologian?
William Whiston
William Sharp McKechnie, was a Scottish scholar, historian, lecturer in Constitutional Law and History, and author of which charter commonly known as, and agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede, near Windsor, on 15 June 1215?
Magna Charta
Are both Diane Wilkins and Jesús Franco involved in the film industry?
yes
Broadview TV produces documentaries for what American digital cable and satellite television network that is a joint venture between the Hearst Corporation and Disney–ABC Television Group subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company?
A&E
Who won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama "Monster's Ball", and starred in a 1998 American political comedy film starring Warren Beatty ?
Halle Maria Berry
Which building has more apartments, Park Row Building and 432 Park Avenue?
432 Park Avenue
American aviator Wiley Post appeared  in the 1935 film Air Hawks based on Ben Pivar's  unpublished story called?
"Air Fury"
What was the commonly used name for the rifle that was replaced by the Gewehr 98?
Model 1888 commission rifle
Which director is from Poland, Xawery Żuławski or Gregory Hoblit?
Xawery Żuławski
What is the name of the amusement zone in Long Beach, California where Elmer J. McCurdy's remains eventually wound up?
The Pike
Which author is French, Andre Dubus III or Monique Wittig?
Monique Wittig
Which NBC sitcom did a character who also starred in "Sanford and Son" play the husband of an American actress born in 1931 whose career spanned five decades?
227
Who is the retired Nigerian Army general whom eventually appointed the vice admiral, Ibok-Ete Ekwe Ibas, to Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) of the Nigerian Navy?
Muhammadu Buhari
What stage production that Mig Ayesa appeared in was based on the songs of British rock band Queen?
We Will Rock You
Do the genuses Alphitonia and Torenia belong to the same family?
no
The 1820 UK general election produced the first parliament under the reign of the King from what house?
Hanover
What do Splendor and Ingenious have in common?
board game
In what film did Richard Harris play the Archdeacon of Notre Dame?
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame
Who operates the airport that Regent Airways is based at?
Civil Aviation Authority, Bangladesh
What actress played supporting roles in the movie "Shout" and the movie "Swingers" featuring Vince Vaughn?
Heather Joan Graham
What was the nationality of the other player who joined Futbol Club Barcelona's 107th season in existence along with Santiago Ezquerro?
Dutch
Who had more international renown, Arnel Pineda or Darius Rucker?
Arnel Campaner Pineda
The sixth season of the "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" began airing on November 4, 2009, and concluded on January 19, 2011, it stars which American actress, as Miranda Payne?
Keshia Knight Pulliam
What is the name of this range of the Rocky Mountains located in northwestern Montana, in which Sunruse Glacier is situated?
Mission Mountains
Yankee and Film Threat, are which form of publication?
magazine
Name the city in Missouri with a population of over 65000 at the 2010 census in which a US soccer inside left who spent his entire career with the St Louis leagues, died?
St. Charles
The politics of North Korea is a concept created by Hwang Jang-yop and latter attributed to this man who was the leader of North Korea from its establishment in 1948 to 1994
Kim Il-sung
What talian operatic tenor who also crossed over into popular music, eventually becoming one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time, performed with  a Croatian American recording artist?
Luciano Pavarotti
The husband of Judy Bentinck plays what role on the series "The Archers"?
David Archer
Who is a Chinese martial arts choreographer and film director, renowned as one of the most successful and influential figures in the world of Hong Kong action cinema, Duncan Jones or Yuen Woo-ping ?
Yuen Woo-ping
The creator and host of "The Ben Show" performs country music under what name?
Wheeler Walker Jr.
how is Bikini Kill and Underworld connected?
band
Michael "Mick" Kaczorowski is responsible for which Animal Planet, American reality television series?
North Woods Law
What Indian singer has recorded Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Kannada, Nepali, Bhojpuri and Gujarati songs an was given a break by Datta Davjekar?
Usha Mangeshkar
What musical instrument does Amaan Ali Khan and  Amjad Ali Khan both play?
the sarod
What type of industry does Macao and Gloria Grahame have in common?
film
The 37th President of the US and which Japanese prime minister created the Okinawa at-large district?
Eisaku Satō
Since 2015 Rohrmoos-Untertal is a part of a former mining town that is now a popular what?
tourist destination
What famous song recorded live by Bob Marley in 1975 might have been written by Vincent Ford?
"No Woman, No Cry"
What bay on the Kona Cost is depicted in the Death of Cook paintings?
Kealakekua Bay
Does Andrew Adamson have more Academy Award nominations than Su Friedrich?
yes
Which American songwriter and publisher wrote songs for Aretha Franklin and Faith Hill and also published songs for Garth Brooks and the Northern Ireland singer Feargal Sharkey?
Dennis Morgan
How many members actually compete in the conference in which the Northwestern Wildcats compete?
14
Where is the community that provides support for the education, employment, and daily lives of adults and children with developmental disabilities, mental health problems, or other special needs located?
Russia
What team did Liz Bogus most recently play for in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) that is located in Kansas City, Missouri? 
FC Kansas City
Which Central Appalachian coal producer was responsible for a spill that dumped 306 million gallons of slurry into tributaries of the Tug Fork River? 
Massey Energy
Ayandeh Bank, which offers retail and commercial services such as accepting deposits, making business loans, and offering basic investment products, was established in which city?
Tehran
Who directed the 2015 film starring an American professional poker player?
Steven C. Miller
Which cinema at The Centre at Salisbury opened in the space formerly occupied by the defunct mail order and department store retailer, Montgomery Ward?
Regal Cinemas
The actress that plays  Dr. Allison Cameron in series "House" also stars with Matthew Davis in a 2000 slasher film that is a sequel to what movie?
"Urban Legend"
Zoya Ivanovna Voskresenskaya, was a Soviet diplomat, NKVD foreign office secret agent and, in the 1960s and 70s, a popular author of books for children, he was born in the Tula what, an administrative division of a country?
governorate
Where was a Belgian variety of hop cultivated, it is used for a type of beer brewed in the Pajottenland region of Belgium southwest of Brussels and in Brussels itself at the Cantillon Brewery?
Flemish Aalst-Asse
What Monteverdi ballet was first performed in Lombardy, Italy? 
Il ballo delle ingrate
Who gave the formal recommendation to recognize Cosimo I of Florence, the second duke, after he defeated a hastily organized army of those wishing to restore the Republic of Florence?
Emperor Charles V
Who composed music for Bombay the Hard Way: Guns, Cars and Sitars and is the recipient of the civilian honour of Padma Shri?
Anandji Virji Shah
Which battle, occurring 100 days after the Second Battle of the Marne, went into effect on November 11, 1918 and marked the victory for the Allies?
Armistice of 11 November 1918
Which Bengali Indian music director provided assistance in the composition of music to the film Karodpati?
Pankaj Mullick
Who directed more films, Jean Epstein or Felix Basch?
Epstein directed three dozen films and was an influential critic of literature and film from the early 1920s through the late 1940s.
Who did the 2007 Music Broadcaster of the Year host a radio show on BBC Radio 1 with?
Edith Bowman
Esad T. Ribić, is a Croatian comic book artist, known for his work on various titles for which organization, including "Loki", a fictional character appearing in American comic books?
Marvel Comics
Which great American architect was the mentor of Carter Manny, creator of many public buildings around Chicago?
Frank Lloyd Wright
Hayley Williams and Ian MacKaye, have which occupations in common?
singer, songwriter and musician
What was an altercation on November 19, 2004, at The Palace of Auburn Hills in Auburn Hills, Michigan two years before the one between the New York Knicks and Denver Nuggets at Madison Square Garden?
Pacers–Pistons brawl
What is the third-smallest stadium in Major League baseball first housing a Florida team for their 20th season in the MLB/
Marlins Park
In what specific part of the state is the village that us 1 km north of the gateway to the Southern Highlands?
Wingecarribee Shire
Typhoon Joan was the 25th named storm of a season that had what ACE rating?
594.11
What Republican governor was once stationed 15 miles from his state capital of Phoenix, Arizona?
John Fife Symington III
An artist who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2014 appeared in what film that contained the track "Bad Man"?
FM
What is the birth date of the player who played for the Independence Yankees in 1994, and also with the New York Yankees?
October 20, 1931
Bobby Cox, born in 1941, lead the Atlanta Braves 44th season but how many season did the team have overall?
139th
Where are both Nanchang and Dongguan located?
China
Of Matthew Tuck and Daron Malakian, whom is older?
Daron Malakian
Ashtat Yeztayar was an Iranian military officer under what last great king of the Sasanian Empire, reigning from 590 to 628?
Khosrow II
Whose poem was the name of these several groups of poets and musicians, which Umar Bin Hassan was associated with, from?
Keorapetse Kgositsile
When was the star of Red 2 born?
March 19, 1955
How did Russian composer, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky describe Karl Davydov?
czar of cellists
What word is both the name of Euphronius of the Athenian dem Sunium's son and is also one of Plato's diaglogues concerning the nature of knowledge?
Theaetetus
Are Zero Days and Killer's Paradise both documentaries?
yes
Nyle DiMarco's partner on Dancing with the Stars is which ethnicity?
New Zealand-born Australian
Lady Margarita Elizabeth Rose Alleyne Armstrong-Jones is the only daughter of an English furniture maker who is 18th in line of succession to what?  
the British throne
What is the name of the highest point in Lake County, Florida? 
Sugarloaf Mountain
A Merry Mix-Up is the 177th short film released by Columbia Pictures in 1957, starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges, Moe Howard, Larry Fine and which American actor, voice actor, comedian and musician, known for his impish humor and wimpy characters?
Joe Besser
In regards to the ITV drama about Colin Howell, what journalist's account was used?
Deric Henderson
Who was the cinematographer who worked on 'Batman' in 1989 and worked on a 2004 epic period war film featuring Brad Pitt about the Trojan War?
Roger Pratt
What is the nationality of the current holder of the Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year award?
French
Bubble-net feeding is a unique and complex feeding behavior engaged in by what animal, that has a distinctive body shape, with long pectoral fins and a knobbly head?
Humpback whale
 Muir Site is located in this region of Kentucky which makes up what part of the state?
northern
The mother of Alexa Ray Joel spent how how long as the face of CoverGirl? 
twenty five years
Muamer Hukić, best known as Marco Huck, is a German professional boxer known for his aggressive style and punching power, he is the second longest reigning cruiserweight world champion of all time, having held the WBO title from 2009 to 2015, making thirteen consecutive successful defenses, which is a division record shared with which British former professional boxer who competed from 1986 to 2005?
Johnny Nelson
Which star of "The Man with the Golden Arm" also starred in the film "A Christmas Story"?
Darren McGavin
What famous document of the United States reflects the contributions to classical republicanism and liberal theory of the author of A Letter Concerning Toleration?
Declaration of Independence
Which star of the movie "Home Fries" has also appeared in "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial"?
Drew Barrymore
Who founded the largest classical ballet company in Australia for which Roma Egan was notably a senior soloist?
J. C. Williamson Theatres Ltd. and the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust
What tv show did Sarah Price direct that Will Finn did not?
The Carrie Diaries
In which city is this university located for which Quincy Acy of the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) played college basketball?
Waco, Texas
In what comic book did the fictional husband of Sue Dibny, who was murdered by Jean Loring, first appear?
"The Flash"
Adam Schmalholz, who performs as IN-Q and IN-Question, contributed to this track for Selena Gomez & the Scene released in which year?
2011
During the 2015-16 S.S.C. Napoli season, a player of what nationality set a Serie A goal record?
Argentine
Who is older, Dexter Holland or Mark Shaw?
Mark Shaw
In what region did the Sika deer that are now found on the Tibradden Mountain originate?
East Asia
Which English actor, born in 1957 and considered a method actor, starred in the 2009 musical drama film "Nine."
Daniel Day-Lewis
Mordecai Lincoln was the son of Captain Abraham Lincoln, the grandfather of the U.S. president, Abraham Lincoln, and a pioneer settler of what state?
Kentucky
Policital leadership of athens was passed to a decendant of what powerful and historically influential family?
Alcmaeonid family
Who was born first, Kiyoshi Kurosawa or Tom DiCillo
Thomas A. "Tom" DiCillo (born August 14, 1953) is an American film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.
What actress in Innocence was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress of 2003?
Kelly Reilly
The church at the north end of the village of Skenfrith, Monmouthshire, Wales is named for what patron saint of Ireland?
Saint Brigid of Kildare
ORiNOCO was the brand name of wireless networking technology by Proxim Wireless, which was previously an American multinational telecommunications equipment company that was headquartered in Murray Hill, New Jersey, and was established on what date?
September 30, 1996
What is the shared occupation of Donald Cammell and Leopold Wharton?
film director
Where are Psychiatric Institute of Washington and Children's National Medical Center located?
Washington, D.C.
Which Gujarati city is known to be the 3rd "cleanest city of India"?  
Surat
Nevelsk (Russian: Не́вельск ; Japanese: 本斗 , "Honto") is a port town and the administrative center of Nevelsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the southwest coast of the Sakhalin Island, Sakhalin, is a large Russian island in the North Pacific Ocean, lying between 45°50' and 54°24' N, it is who's largest island, and is administered as part of Sakhalin Oblast? 
Russia's
She starred in Glee, and is famous for her role in films How to lose a guy in 10 days, and Kung Fu Panda 3.
Kate Hudson
 Trip to Bhangarh is a 2014 Bollywood horror-thriller film starring a film and television actress who has an MBA in what?
Finance
What coast of the Netherlands is the museaum that houses the painting "Diana and her Companions"?
the western coast
Who has released more albums, New Found Glory or soloist Andy Creeggan?
the band have released nine studio albums, one live album, two EPs, and three cover albums.
Justin Kelly came to prominence as director and writer of a film that stars an actor best nown for his roles as Sylar on what series?
Heroes
Chris Pratt plays Jim Preston in a sci-fi film written by who?
Jon Spaihts
What relationship does Nicole Mitchell Murphy have to Eddie Murphy? 
12 year marriage
James Whitworth is a nationally syndicated cartoonist and writer, he has contributed cartoons to a wide range of publications including Private Eye, a British fortnightly satirical, and current affairs news magazine, founded in what year, for whom he has also written gags?
1961
The current holder the Estonian Footballer of the Year award was born in what year?
1985
Jadey Duffield is currently filming with a British-American film and stage actress who made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play "The Royal Family", in what film did the British-American actress spear two years after her debut?
Boudica (Warrior Queen)
Who is older, Maurizio Cheli or Pedro Duque?
Maurizio Cheli
The show in which Ted Danson played Sam Malone takes place in a bar in which US state?
Massachusetts
Which genus of flowering plants contain more species, Hottonia or Annona?
Annona
The album "Aquarium" consisted of the hit single "Barbie Girl" which was written by Søren Rasted after seeing an exhibit on kitsch culture in what country?
Denmark
In what year was the action comedy film, starring Dave Foley and a Canadian character actor born in 1970, released?
2007
Who was a student of the developer of a method that became known as the Salesian Preventive System?
Dominic Savio
The song Treat You Better was included in an album that debuted where on the US "Billboard" 200?
atop
In which city is this band that released "Legacy of Blood" in 2004 based?
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
What member of the English rock band Pink Floyd sang Perfect Sense, Part I?
Roger Waters
What country of origin does George Auckland andTeletubbies have in common?
British
Are Edward Sedgwick and Bahman Ghobadi both actors?
no
Roseanne Roseannadanna was played by Gilda Radner on what comedy show?
Saturday Night Live
Which actor, who comes from a prominent acting family and appeared on the television series "Sea Hunt," also appeared in the 1999 American drama mystery thriller Arlinton Road?
Jeff Bridges
Which government body did this Canadian journalist and author of his own account of living with the pirates, with its excerpt published in "The Guardian," advise?
U.S. State Department
What was Niel Barnard title during F. W. de Klerk state presidency from Aug 1989 to May 1994?
head of South Africa's National Intelligence Service
Muriel, is a 1963 French film directed by Alain Resnais, it was Resnais's third feature film, following "Hiroshima mon amour" (1959) and "L'Année dernière à Marienbad", released in which year?
1961
Which seaside resort is 11 mi south of Bolney?
Brighton
What former New York governor had his biography written by sports writer Frank Graham, Sr?
Alfred Emanuel "Al" Smith
Michael van Gerwen had his breakthrough year in 2012 in which he defeated this defending champion.
Phil Taylor
In which year was this Italian design and manufacturing company founded that built Air Race, one of Dreamworld's Big 9 Thrill Rides, at  Pandamonium?
1966
How many burial grounds does the cemetery the John Watts sculpture is installed in consist of?
three
Who was an enemy of the fictional character worked on by Esad T. Ribic that was the adoptive brother of Thor?
Thor
Independents Day features the rapper and actor from what city?
Detroit
Are the genuses Cyanotis and Syzygium both found in Africa?
yes
What genre of music was played by the band, formed in 2007, Austin Carlile was lead vocalist for?
metalcore
The Most Valuable Player of the 2007 Anaheim Classic was drafted in 2008 by which NBA team?
Minnesota Timberwolves
What Dutchman was born in 1585 and had a lunar crater Jansen named after him?
Zacharias Janssen
Where is the club that beat Port Adelaide in 1909 located?
Richmond
Which book was the basis for the film which had Dancing in the Dark on its soundtrack ?
"The True Meaning of Smekday
Cacareco inspired which party in Canada that lasted from the 1960s to the 1990s?
Rhinoceros Party of Canada
Arjay L. Smith is best known for his teenage role on a television series that aired when?
1997 to 2000
Are both Stan Moore and Benjamin Stoloff American?
yes
Kim Eui-sung is a south korean actor who starred in the film Office directed by who?
film directed by Hong Won-chan
The Kranji War Memorial was dedicated to the men and women who died defending against the invading forces during a war that involved how many people?
100 million
Which type of sports car was introduced by Mitsubishi in 1969 and was later imported by Chrysler in the ninties?
Mitsubishi GTO
The Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Miami Gardens is a Baptist megachurch in a neighborhood that had how many inhabitants in the 2010 census ?
61,233
what college footaball team played at soldier field for their home games and still went 9-0 for one season
University of Notre Dame
Who directed the first installment in the "Disney Fairies" franchise?
Bradley Raymond
Are Petra Kvitová and Oliver Marach of the same nationality?
no
The city containing the Jinwan District is called what name, being one of China's premier tourist destinations?
the Chinese Riviera
The town of Riverhead rests on the mouth of which river that drains an area between the Harbor Hill and Ronkonkoma terminal moraines?
Peconic River
What was the name of the nighttime event that ran from 2010-2012 located at a theme park located in Anaheim, California, owned by The Walt Disney Company? 
ElecTRONica
Radiohalos or pleochroic halos are microscopic, spherical shells of discolouration within minerals such as biotite that occur in granite and other igneous rocks, wider interest has been prompted by the claims of a creationist, by Robert V. Gentry, an American young Earth creationist and nuclear physicist, known for his claims that radiohalos provide evidence for a young age of what?
Earth
Evan Buliung played the role of Aragorn in the Toronto production of the most prominent of several theatre adaptations of what kind of book series?
epic high fantasy
The bassist for Marianas Trench and Alice in Chains share what common first name?
Mike
The Kakube Festival is celebrated by people in the capital of what district of the Upper West Region of Ghana?
the Nandom district
In what year was the "puppet state" in which Liu Menggeng a politician/physician abolished?
1945
What is an example of a voice type?
singing voice
What country is the band who released "Don__ Leave Me Now" from?
United Kingdom
While in exile in Argentina Lorenzo Luzuriaga translated several works by a philosopher that died in what year?
1952
What works based loosely on characters from the Norse sagas and the "Nibelungenlied" were first organized into a studio recording by John Royds Culshaw OBE
Der Ring des Nibelungen
What Swiss town near the Kleiner Mythen is also the name of the canton it's located in?
Schwyz
What is the town at the opposite end of the Skelmersdale branch from Rainford Junction famous for?
its gingerbread
What former artistic gymnast was coached by Steve Nunno, an American gymnastics coach?
Shannon Lee Miller Falconetti
György Ligeti wrote which opera, Le Grand Macabre, or Les Indes galantes?
Le Grand Macabre (1974–77, revised version 1996) is György Ligeti's only opera.
In which country can you find Qingdao and the Luquan District?
China
The manager of the 2008–09 Fulham F.C. is the current manager of what team?
Premier League club Crystal Palace
What team was owned by the Benetton family and participated in the 2000 Canadian Grand Prix?
Benetton Formula
Illumination Entertainment created which 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment?
Sing
Who distributed Apink's first solo album?
LOEN Entertainment
The Interlace is a 1000-unit apartment building complex in Singapore designed by OMA and Ole Scheeren, and is noteworthy for its design which looks like 31 bricks irregularly stacked upon each other, resembling blocks of which game of physical skill created by Leslie Scott, and currently marketed by Hasbro?
Jenga
What is the sixth solo album by Denny Laine, an English musician and an original member of the Moody Blues band?
Wings On My Feet
 "French Kissing" is a song that incorporates an uncredited bassline from a song that was the third single from what album?
The Marshall Mathers LP
What political alignment is the media group organized by Lydia Sargent?
left-wing
Do singers Vanessa White and Tim Howar have the same nationality?
no
When were the 2014 Asian games held at the Ganghwa Dolmens Gymnasium?
September 30 to 3 October 2014
Which part of the United Nations international E-road network runs through Rhône-Alpes?
European route E 15
Which German actress played a character on a starship stranded in the Delta quadrant? 
Jeri Lynn Ryan
What is the common name of the the species of grass inhabiting the archipelagic state within the Lucayan Archipelago?
bitter panicum
To which continents is this animal and the mascot of Clark High School native?
the Americas
Our State and Nexus, are what type of publication?
magazine
Who is the main character of the animated film that features both of the members of Tenacious D?
Po
What is the nationality of the composer who composed several lieder with Mignon as the subject?
Austrian
What year was the film released, which starred the character in which the band Bickley is named after?
1976
What book was based on the journals of a man born on May 4th, 1916?
One Man's Wilderness
who was the winery founder?
Philippe de Rothschild
That Peter Kay Thing what written by which English comedian, actor, and writer?
Dave Spikey
Who directed a 2000 film featuring a song from "The Fun of Your Love?"
Sam Raimi
Blue Point, New York is considered a what?
hamlet
Colonial Downs is adjacent to Interstate 64 in between Williamsburg, Virginia and what other city in Virginia? 
Richmond, Virginia
Kevin Cooney appeared in which film directed by Peter Weir ?
Dead Poets Society
Which genus has more species, Homalocladium or Digitalis?
Digitalis
Red Sulphur Sky is an album by which avant-garde jazz trumpeter?
Ishmael Wadada Leo Smith
Are the Bananarita and the The Goldeneye served in different kind of glass?
yes
Who were the founders of the Spanish clothing and accessories retailer based in Arteixo, Galicia that is an anchor in City Mall?
Amancio Ortega and Rosalía Mera
The television series, with executive producers including Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant and which has an episode called 'Heavy Competition' where Michael enlists the help of Dwight to get what the company off the ground, features what type of business?
paper
What year was the trilogy, also known as the Heir to the Empire, from the Star Wars expanded universe written?
1992
What actor born  17 February 1934, was part of the cast of the 1975 film Side by Side?
Barry Humphries
For which five time grammy winner did Renee Austin open for?
Robert Cray
Which is a genus of tree, Zigadenus or Taxus?
Taxus
What country are Jay Q and Mzbel both from
Ghana
Kim Shuck earned a B.A. in Art from a university that offers how many different Bachelor's degrees?
118
Which auxillary bishop of the Diocese of Wesminster formerly served as a clergy of Roman Catholic Diocese of Nottingham?
John Francis Sherrington
What record company was founded by the Beatles in 1968?
Apple Records
The original score to this soundtrack, released on compact disk in 1991 by MCA, was composed by the father of who?
Francis Ford Coppola
What director is slated to direct the story of punk musician Brian Theodore Deneke?
Jamie Ryan Scott Brooks
Are Lee Daniels and Robert Zemeckis both directors ?
yes
Soviet serial killer, Andrei Chikatilo, nicknamed the Butcher of Rostov, the Red Ripper, and the Rostov Ripper, was depicted in what movie in 1995?
Citizen X
Whitney Avalon released her first parody as the send-up of the CeeLo Green song that was released on what date?
August 19, 2010
What brewery is located in a Trappist monastery and makes a special "patersbeir."
Chimay Brewery
 One Communications provides Telecommunications services to commercial entities in Burlington, Massachusetts, a town located in what county?
Middlesex
What label released the soundtrack to John Curan's 2006 drama film?
Deutsche Grammophon
What two occupations did Park Subin and Tony Sly have in common?
singer, songwriter
Romeo Brown was a British comic strip published from 1954 to 1962, on which British national daily tabloid newspaper founded in 1903?
Daily Mirror
Jo In-sung stars in the 2017 political crime thriller released in what country?
South Korea
Day of the Dead was written and directed by which American-Canadian filmmaker?
George Andrew Romero
Donald K. Peterson was the former CFO of a multinational telecommunications equipment company headquartered in what state?
New Jersey
What is commonly known as Paris 2024 and were elected during the 131st IOC Session on September 13, 2017?
2024 Summer Olympics
What football club based in Accrington, Lancashire has its home ground at Crown Ground?
Accrington Stanley Football Club
What artist is best known for his design of the former estate of John Shaffer Phipps, heir to the U.S. Steel fortune?
George Abraham Crawley
Kick-Ass is portrayed by which English actor in the feature film adaptations of the same name?
Aaron Taylor-Johnson
What song on the fifth full-length album of the band Voodoo Glow Skulls was originally released in 1973 by The Wailers?
I Shot the Sheriff
Which breed of hunting dog can also be used as a water dog, the East Siberian Laika or the Mountain Cur?
Mountain Cur
Which studio album by Malcom McLaren introduced a highly stylized, modern house dance in the late 1980s?
Waltz Darling
 ROH 13th Anniversary Show took place at a hotel and casino owned by what company?
Boyd Gaming
Benjamin Wallfisch composed the score for a science fiction psychological horror from what year?
2016
How far did the highway depicted in Bob Waldmire's artwork originally cover?
2448 mi
Which state was the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships - Star held in?
Western Australia
what does Jack Horner and Jack and the Beanstalk have in common?
Jack
Frank Little was succeeded as the Archbishop of Melbourne by a former player for which Aussie Rules Football team?
Richmond Football Club
Who wrote the 1986 novel that the 2017 horror movie is based on that features the actor from Hemlock Grove? 
Stephen King
Which film starring Ben Kingsley gained Tom Smith his 1982 Academy Award nomination?
Gandhi
Port Adelaide is an electoral district of the House of Assembly, in the Australian state of South Australia,Besides the bulk of the suburb of Port Adelaide, which is shared with Cheltenham, it includes the suburbs of which location, that's a mostly industrial suburb north of Adelaide, containing significant wetlands and a substantial area formerly devoted to salt crystallisation pans, managed by Ridley Corporation, which plans to redevelop the site for housing?
Dry Creek
The Big Blue is between Sydney FC and another team that competed in the AFC how many times ?
on five occasions
The 1986 South Antrim by-election included a candidate from which Northern Irish unionist party?
Democratic Unionist Party
What is the new name of the individual who's bags are carried on Ebags.com?
Kate Valentine
What is the area of the country for which Facinet Keita was the flag bearer for the 2012 Summer Olympics?
245,860 km2
Bronco was a program that starred an officer who met which American outlaw in one episodes?
Myra Maybelle Shirley Reed Starr
Which alternative/punk band from Moscow has a track called "The Time of X"? 
Louna
When did an American politician and senior United States Senator from Kentucky create an endowed institution?
1991
Riley Jack Tufte was drafted in the first round, 25th overall of a draft held from June 24–25, 2016 at what center?
First Niagara Center
Who is a Uruguayan former footballer who won a football match that was played on 28 August 1998 at Stade Louis II for Chelsea?
Gus Poyet
Where is one of the stores inside Concord Mall based?
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Charlotte Ramplings film roles include a 1974 Italian erotic psychological drama film that was directed and co-written by who?
Liliana Cavani
What country does the Doñana National Park and Caldera de Taburiente National Park have in common?
Spain
What was the middle name of the actress who hosted the 1987 PBS special, A Christmas Calendar?
Jane
Whow wrote the play that Claudia McNeil is known for playing the role of Lena Younger?
Lorraine Hansberry
When was the American comedian, actor and musician died who was best known for his "intense energy and raucous attitude" and also worked with  Layne "Shotgun" Britton?
March 5, 1982
What famous actor appeared in both No Tomorrow (1999) and Piranha 3DD (2012)?
Gary Busey
Which dog breed, Drentse Patrijshond or Ratonero Murciano de Huerta, is a Spanish breed of dog originating from Murcia?
Murcian Ratter
The 2006 Louisville Cardinals represented the Big East in the 2007 Orange Bowl held at what location?
Dolphin Stadium
What was the name of the British singer-songwriter from the band Keats who was  also a part of The Zombies?
Colin Blunstone
Who are the co-hosts of a man who was on the cover of "NFL Street"?
Skip Bayless and Joy Taylor
Which tv show was Michael David Rapaport in with Courteney Cox?
Friends
Which city is the Hilton Budapest City hotel located?
Budapest, Hungary
Whenever God Shines His Light is a duet between Van Morrison and a pop singer born in which year ?
1940
Nancy Bishop was part of the casting staff for the 2004 American supernatural superhero film directed by whom?
Guillermo del Toro
In what year was the rapper who wrote "Sock It 2 Me" born?
1974
Ironman is the debut solo album by American rapper Ghostface Killah, released on October 29, 1996, by Epic Records, it was produced by Robert Fitzgerald Diggs, better known by his stage name RZA ( "rizza"), is an American rapper, record producer, musician, actor, filmmaker and author, born on which date?
July 5, 1969
Who produced a musical theme for a 1984 movie starring Eddie Murphy that became an international number 1 hit theme in 1985?
Harold Faltermeyer
Were both Fielder Cook and J. J. Abrams television directors?
no
Which concerto is dedicated to a Polish-American virtuoso pianist born in 1870?
Piano Concerto No. 1
Are both Live and Sparta American rock bands?
yes
What American company that oversees various websites and interactive media owned by The Walt Disney Company also  created Mickey Mouse Toddler, Preschool, and Kindergarten video Games?
Disney Interactive
Which musical artist is in a duo with the American rapper who released the single "Rock City?"
Eminem
Daniel Libeskind, is a Polish-American architect, artist, professor and set designer of Polish Jewish descent, his buildings include the Imperial War Museum North, a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester, in which country?
England
What dance company is featured at the same venue which hosted the 2006 National Football League Draft?
the Rockettes
Derek Pike and George Sidney, are music video directors?
no
The Mysterious Origins of Man is a television special that included an interview with an American young earth creationist who claimed to have discovered human footprints alongside dinosaur footprints near a river in what U.S. state?
Texas
 Ray Weigh played for a football club formed in 1890 as what?
Boscombe St. John's Institute F.C.
What Profesional Rugby team plays its games at the Kirklees Stadium located in Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England
Huddersfield Giants
Which movie came out more recently, Jackass Number Two or Seoul Train?
Jackass Number Two
In the 2003 movie featuring a fictional corporation prominently featured in Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote what diamond must they find?
blue monkey
Sam Liu is a director who has worked with Marvel Entertainment, what company owns Marvel Entertainment?
The Walt Disney Company
Best Of was recorded by which American major record label whose parent company was Universal Music Group?
Interscope Records
Which film was released first, Return to Oz or The Incredibles?
Return to Oz
Spanish Hill was previously occupied by Native Americans who are a subdivision of a larger group speaking what language?
Algonquian
Were the Spin Doctors and The Stone Roses formed in the same city?
no
Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 American romantic comedy film, which Canadian actor and singer-songwriter, acted in it?
Zara Taylor
Lasse Hallstrom is known for directing "What's Eating Gilbert Grape" and which 2000 romantic comedy based on a book by Joanne Harris?
Chocolat (] ) is a 2000 British-American romantic comedy-drama film based on the novel "Chocolat" by Joanne Harris, and was directed by Lasse Hallström
 The Mistborn Adventure Game is a pen and paper role playing game by an american publisher of role-playing games that won nominations for awards in what year?
2006
Michael Howell and Peter Ford first published a biography in 1980 of which man who is known for his severe deformities and lived at the London Hospital?
Joseph Merrick
Surviving Picasso is a 1996 Merchant Ivory film starring Anthony Hopkins as the famous painter Pablo Picasso, the screenplay was loosely based on the biography "Picasso: Creator and Destroyer" by which Greek American author, syndicated columnist, and businesswoman?
Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington
Virginia Harrington Knauer was the mentor and good friend to which woman to serve in both the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush presidential administrations?
Elizabeth Dole
To which period of classical music did the Russian composer who influenced Dohnányi's Symphony No. 1 belong?
the romantic period
What was the population as of the 2010 census of the city where the roller coaster "Possessed" is located?
118,032
Which of the poker players on I Bet You is Irish?
Philip "Phil" Courtney Laak
This concert tour  began on 16 September 2005 in Miami, Florida and returning as the background band was an American guitarist that has worked with an extensive list of artists in addition to his own what?
solo career
The Groninger Luchtvaart Maatschappij (GLM) was a Dutch start-up airline which aimed to start operations in 2013 from where, which civilian international airport near Eelde in the province of Drenthe in the northeastern Netherlands?
Groningen Airport Eelde
Brannen Temple was the drummer for the singer-songwriter and vocalist of what R&B/rock band?
The Animals
Which film was released earlier--Zootopia or Zokkomon?
Zokkomon
The father of indian film actor Viraj works primarily in films in which language ?
Tamil
Name the American band from Connecticut, formed in 1994, who have released 7 studio albums to date with a musical blend of hardcore punk and heavy metal, one of whom went on to produce 'The Beginning of the End', as a member of Sworn Enemy?
Hatebreed
When was the Swiss professional tennis player born who won the singles title in The 2002 Toray Pan Pacific Open?
30 September 1980
In the 2012 UEFA Europa League Final Radamel Falcao scored two goals and his teammate scored another; when was the teammate born?
28 February 1985
The song The Night Santa Went Crazy has melodic references this song by Greg Lake?
I Believe in Father Christmas
Who directed a historical film starring Yoo Seung-ho, about a South Korean period fantasy?
Kim Dae-seung
What year did the English actor, who starred in Night Train to Venice and has won a Golden Globe, breakthrough in the film industry?
1987
The Hillsboro Hops prepare players for what professional American sports league?
Major League Baseball
Both Disturbed and Shiny Toy Guns are a what?
band
Hooker with a Penis was from the album produced by whom?
David Bottrill
the secretary of the Australian Council of Trade Unions
Greg Combet
What is a significant mosque in Istanbul, made of two former Eastern Orthodox churches and a chapel,  Istanbul High School, or Zeyrek Mosque?
Zeyrek Mosque
What was the profession of both Ivan Bunin and Gay Talese?
writer
 The Death and Life of John F. Donovan stars an English actor born in what year?
1986
Are Magnapop and The Psychedelic Furs both from England?
no
Based on what, a form of polyalphabetic substitution uses a series of interwoven Caesar ciphers for encrypting alphabetic text?
letters of a keyword
Mike Rozier, running back for the Pittsburg Maulers also played for what other team?
Jacksonville Bulls
David Lang was nominated for an Academy Award for "Simple Song #3" in a film that was released in what year?
2015
As of 2010, what was the population where the Village of Westbury is located?
226,322
Joseph Dalry "Swede" Alexander was the head coach of what kind of college?
liberal arts college
Moyses Fletcher is mentioned in the records written by an English separatist that served as governor of which colony ?
Plymouth Colony
Jereme Leafe is originally from a ton in Grafton County, New Hampshire, that is located along a bend in what river?
Connecticut River
What departed "Gossip Girl" cast member was born in 1993?
Taylor Michel Momsen
What  is a 17 acre island separating Long Island and Block Island sounds, that has A ground-dwelling coastal beach grass herbivore endemic of the Meadow Vole ?
Great Gull Island
The "To You I Belong" singers broke up when when which member decided to leave?
Sinéad O'Carroll
Which movie released in released in the United States on October 3, 1955 is part of the Albert Argyle trilogy?
The Trouble with Harry
Which Canadian actor stared in the Film "Sweet Virginia"?
Jared Abrahamson
What channel is the British soap opera starring a nominee for the 1992 BAFTA TV Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance shown on?
Channel 4
What two countries participated in the war between 1617-1618 in order to take Polish pressure off of Russia?
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and Sweden
The son of Sir Keith Murdoch created a television channel with who as the CEO?
Roger Ailes
When was the American Democratic politician which was the governor of 185th New York State Legislature born?
June 15, 1932
Fath Tehran F.C was the first club of a former VfL Bochum striker born in which year ?
1976
Petunia and Dodonaea, are which type of entity?
flowering plants
This is the state where Jim Kelch called games for a minor league baseball franchise.
Kentucky
Which movie to premiere at the Sundance Film Festival was nominated for more awards, Comandante, or Blackfish?
Blackfish
Which skyscraper was designed by architect Rafael Viñoly; The Spiral or 125 Greenwich Street?
125 Greenwich Street
What album was R.E.M. song "Strange Currencies" on?
included on the album "Monster"
Alphonse Gangitano, was an Italian-Australian criminal from Melbourne, Victoria, Gangitano was the face of an underground organisation known as what?
The Carlton Crew
How densely populated is this state, where one of the last actions, Battle of Point Judith, took place, compared to other U.S. states?
second most densely populated
Who was an Irish teacher, barrister, poet, writer, nationalist and political activist of the Easter Rising of 1916 who's also the inspiration of a gaelic Athletic club of the the same name?
Patrick Henry Pearse
During what war did many Russians leave Afghanistan?
Soviet war
The Golden Triangle where the fortune of an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented what was made?
railway air brake
In which state is the parent company of Boston Express based out of?
New Hampshire
What is the lyricist of "Ghar Ka Chirag" remembered as?
the one who brought Urdu literature to Indian motion pictures
"Fading" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, some critics also compared it to one of Rihanna's previous singles, "Take A Bow", released in which year?
2008
Bilawal is a raga and basic "thaat" (musical mode) in Hindustani classical music, it is equivalent to which rāga in Carnatic music?
Dheerasankarabharanam
What "Full House" actor co-wrote an album released in September 2012?
John Phillip Stamos
What are the policies and theories of this Turkish army officer and revolutionary, whose mansion is called Yalova Atatürk Mansion, known as?
Kemalism
Comparison between Dashboard Confessional and Escanaba Firing Line?
rock band
Which re-issued song did Taylor Swift produce with Nathan Chapman and Dann Huff?
Begin Again
What do Mr Lordi and Mike Score have in common?
musician
Are James Lee Burke and Max Jacob both writers ?
yes
What American actor who was born on February 12, 1968 will be featured in the twelfth installment in the "X-Men" film series?
Josh Brolin
What is the birth date of this Tyrolean mountaineer, agricultural scientist, geographer, and cartographer who played the husband of Lhak[a Tsamchoe in Seven Years in TIbet?
2 November 1899
Alexander Korda and Spencer Gordon Bennet, have which mutual occupations?
film producer and director
Big Baller Brand is an American company that designs, manufactures, and sells sports apparel, footwear, and accessories, it was launched in 2016 by LaVar Ball, together with his sons Lonzo, LiAngelo, and LaMelo Ball, an American basketball player who attends Chino Hills High School, in Chino Hills in which US state?
California
The U.S. Navy battleship featured in "Under Siege" had what two nicknames?
"Mighty Mo" or "Big Mo"
Brigitte Nielsen, is a Danish-Italian actress, model, singer and reality television personality who began her career modelling, and is known for her marriage to Sylvester Stallone, with whom she starred in the American film Cobra, released in which year?
1986
In which state did the serial killer played by Dennis Rader, the BTK Killer, carry out his crimes?
Kansas
Pete and Gladys starred an actor whose career spanned what time frame?
six decades
Alfred von Schlieffen was instrumental in devising the plan that was used after which event?
World War I
The cousin of a five-time NBA All-Star in the San Antonio Spurs plays for which Major League Soccer team?
Colorado Rapids
Carl Maria von Weber and Friederike Grün were both what nationality?
German
Which restaurant was opened first, America's Incredible Pizza Company or Happy Joe's?
Happy Joe's
Who starred in The Man in 3B in 2015 and in Greenleaf in 2016?
Lamman Rucker
What county is Fontbonne Academy located in?
Norfolk County
In addition to his role in Scream 3, which role did Patrick Warburton play on the show Seinfeld?
David Puddy
The Michael Polanyi Center (MPC) at which private Baptist university in Waco, Texas, was the first center at a research university exclusively dedicated to intelligent design study?
Baylor University
Richard C. Reames sometimes teaches at a scool located located near where?
Brasstown, North Carolina
Jeremy Su'a attended Westfields Sports High School alongside a professional rugby league player and what team for the National Football Leauge?
San Francisco 49ers
Scott Carpenter was the second American to orbit the Earth, after the first American orbited the Earth, circling it three times, in what year?
1962
What military installation that defended the eastern entrance to Long Island Sound as part of the Harbor Defenses of Long Island Sound is on Fishers Island?
Fort H. G. Wright
Andrews Outlier is an Ancestral Puebloan archeological site south of a park containing the most sweeping collection of ancient ruins north of where?
Mexico
 The Royal Bodyguard is a British television sitcom starring an English actor best known for his portrayals of Derek "Del Boy" Trotter in what BBC comedy series? 
Only Fools and Horses
Were the Walt Disney Production films "Pinocchio" and "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" both released in 1949?
no
Which professional magician is based on the heart of the Las Vegas–Paradise-Henderson, NV MSA?
Ariann Black
Are both Ontronik Khachaturian and Siouxsie Sioux singers and producers?
yes
A Bayou Legend is an American opera composed by William Grant Still, was an American composer, who composed more than 150 works, including five symphonies and eight operas, with a libretto by his wife and frequent collaborator, who?
Verna Arvey
Jeremy Dawson was a film producer who was nominatd for an Academy Award for what 2014 comedy film?
The Grand Budapest Hotel
Which railway is on Hill Street?
Angels Flight
In which county is the city in which Ryan McGarry was born ?
Cook County.
Which genus has more species Persea or Crocus ?
Persea
What city does Faena Arts Center and Alan Faena have in common?
Buenos Aires
The Joint is a showroom located in a town with what population as of the 2010 census?
223,167
What year did the genre of opera in which Josef Mysliveček contributed to eventually end?
1770
White Farm Equipment is a brand of agricultural machinery, now discontinued except for planter, and owned by AGCO, AGCO Corporation is an American agricultural equipment manufacturer based in Duluth, Georgia, in which country?
United States
Which company operates in the US and is exclusively e-commerce?
Wayfair
John Finnegan voiced the character Warren T. Rat is a film directed by a man that is the older brother of what illustrator?
Toby Bluth
Which is longer, The Tiber or Cremera?
The Tiber
Paul Norris is a British visual effects supervisor, best known for his works in the 2004, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a British-American fantasy film, directed by Alfonso Cuarón, and distributed by who?
Warner Bros. Pictures
Which person interviewed on "Bat Out of Hell II: Picture Show" worked on "Whistle Down the Wind"?
Jim Steinman
Jennifer Johnson Cano earned a Bachelor of Music at which non-profit university?
Webster University
The Queen Eleanor Memorial Cross is a replica of a Cross that was sculpter by William of Ireland and who?
Alexander of Abingdon
What is the capital of the country that is 34km long and Chloris cubensis grows native?
Bridgetown
The opening music to the BBC series The Secret War was composed in what year?
1874
On what network did the live-action/puppet television series based on characters created by Dr. Seuss, which had Daniel R. Anderson as an advisor, air?
Nickelodeon
Are Smash Mouth and Sebadoh from the same state?
no
Who was Henry Kitchener, 3rd Earl Kitchener's great uncle?
Herbert Kitchener, 1st Earl Kitchener
What is the name of this book written in 1961 by young earth creationists, who inspired the Biblical Creation Society?
The Genesis Flood
Which battle occurred first in history, The Battle of Hürtgen Forest or The Battle of Gettysburg?
The Battle of Gettysburg
Are the Catalan Sheepdog and the Can de Palleiro both bred in Spain?
yes
What year was the older brother of Jared Quay Campbell born?
1986
Chloé Graftiaux, was a Belgian sport climber, who fell to her death, at what age, on the 3773 m Aiguille Noire de Peuterey at the Mont Blanc massif,a mountain range in the Alps, located mostly in France and Italy, but also straddling Switzerland at its northeastern end?
23
In what 2006 Indian romantic drama film did Lata Sabharwal play a supporting role?
Vivah
What type of animal is the Great Pyrenees and Saint-Usuge Spaniel?
Dog
About how many mi are there between Lake Mead and the stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard that is considered a scenic route at night?
24
Spitzer Space Telescope and INTEGRAL, are which type of specific item?
space telescope
Ekaterini Thanou, also known as Katerina Thanou, is a Greek former sprinter, in which year, Marion Jones, who won in the 100 metres at the 2000 Olympics leaving Thanou in the second place?
2007
During the Second World War, the No. 22 Squadron of the Royal Air Force operated in the torpedo bomber role over this body of water located between Great Britain, Scandinavia, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and France?
The North Sea
Which American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, singer-songwriter and author sang this song from the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" that was written by British composers Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley?
Gene Wilder
To what county does The Ball Park of Old Orchard Beach belong to?
York County
When was the director of the 2015 South Korean thriller film, The Chronicles of Evil, born?
1962
Are both Landslide an Ouija board games?
yes
What band was Mark Knopfler in before releasing th Princess Bride soundtrack?
Dire Straits
What movie did "the king of cool" play in with Bud Ekins as his stunt double?
"The Great Escape"
In what year was the university, represented by the Albany Great Danes men's soccer team, founded?
1844
Which football team coached by Mike Sherman lost against the 2009 Georgia Bulldogs football team?
2009 Texas A&M Aggies football team
What was the nationality of the person F. David Peat co-authored the book "Science, Order, and Creativity" with?
American
The Anaconda-Pintler Wilderness is located in southwestern Montana, the wilderness lies in parts of Deer Lodge, Granite, Ravalli, and Beaverhead counties, Granite County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana, as of which year, was the population 3,079?
2010
When was the actor known as the Creeper born?
April 22, 1894
Alexander Vygantas was the duke of which city in Lithuania?
Kernavė
Who besides Marceau founded Ballroom Theater’s Dancing Classrooms program that was featured in a 2005 American documentary?
Dulaine
What year was the artist, who released the debut album Værsgo, born?
1945
1991 Dakar Rally also known as the 1991 Paris–Dakar Rally was the 13th running of the Dakar Rally event won by 1981 world rally champion, Ari Vatanen, who since 2013 has been the President of  what union?
Estonian Autosport Union
Capital Carnage was a UK-only professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) that took place on which date, Jim Ross suffered his second Bells palsy attack on-air during this event, he officially called matches again for the WWE, in the main event of WrestleMania XV?
December 6, 1998
What sport did both Teddy Richert and Fabien Barthez play?
football
which has been seen in more than one language Pagliacci: or Oedipus rex?
Oedipus rex
What type of publication does Cobra Rock Boot Company and Garden & Gunhave in common?
magazine
Who direct a 1996 Lithuanian drama film screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival and also had a film called "Peace to Us in Our Dreams"?
Šarūnas Bartas
Who illustrated the book in which the film "Ferdinand" is based on?
Robert Lawson
Bluetown, Texas is across the border from what town in Mexico?
Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico
What was the full name of the author that memorialized Susan Bertie through her single volume of poems?
Emilia Lanier
What profession do both Milla Jovovich and Takako Honda share?
actress
Who's disco hit from 1979, was sung by Jesus in 2005?
Gloria Gaynor
What basketball power forward went to a private university in Florida?
Tim Burroughs
What was the profession of Amy Johnson, whom's life was featured in the Brittish biopic "They Flew Alone" 
aviator
Who was the grandfather of the only reigning Scottish Queen?
King Alexander III
What profession does Jean-Marc Vallée and Joseph Kosinski have in common?
film director
Who directed more films, John G. Blystone or Harold S. Bucquet?
John G. Blystone
Dekh Magar Pyaar Say starred a Pakistani actress who appears in Pakistani and what other type of films and serials?
Bollywood
Neomonachus is a genus of earless seals, within the family Phocidae, it contains two species, the extinct Caribbean monk seal,and which extant endangered species of earless seal in the family Phocidae that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands? 
Hawaiian monk seal
When was the album released in which the song "No Love Allowed" was included?
November 19, 2012
In particle physics, a massless particle is an elementary particle whose invariant mass is zero, the discovery of this phenomenon, known as neutrino oscillation, led to which Japanese physicist, known for neutrino experiments at the Kamiokande and its successor, Super-Kamiokande, shared the 2015 Nobel prize in physics?
Takaaki Kajita
Which two careers did Sholem Asch and Orson Scott Card have in common?
Orson Scott Card
Are both The Best of Walt Disney's True-Life Adventures and The Legend of Lobo documentary films?
no
Who was the emperor while Prince Sanjō Sanetomi was an Imperial court noble? 
Emperor Meiji
What year did an American rock band initially on album-oriented rock charts and later with hit singles written by Kerry Livgren for their 1976 album "Leftoverture", become popular?
1970s
 The Silver City Highway links Buronga to the Queensland border via a small town that lies at the confluenece of what two rivers?
the Darling and the Murray
Tribute to the Lady is the third studio album by a singer that died on what date?
December 11, 1964
In what country did Konami Holdings Corporation release the Evolution Snowboarding video game?
Japan
Which Italian conductor did Michele Crider sing under?
Riccardo Muti
What is the name of the home stadium of this team in the Federal Hockey League, which Adam McKenzie is currently a member of?
Hara Arena
What Roman Goddess if wisdom and strategic warfare is featured on wood as a pignora imperii?
Minerva
Which University, Bahria University and TU Wien, has multiple campuses and kept it's original name?
Bahria University
The actor who played Andy Holt in Hollyoaks is also known as a professional what?
Thai boxer
What star of The Night Manager has won three BAFTA Awards and one Golden Globe Award?
Olivia Colman
Gustave Adrian "Gus" Barnes (9 May 1877 – 14 March 1921) was an English violinist, painter and sculptor with a significant career in South Australia, notably as curator at which museum, located on the cultural boulevard of North Terrace in which city, the second largest state art collection Australia?
Adelaide
Christopher Paolini is the author of the Inheritance Cycle, which consists of what novel that was discovered by Carl Hiaasen, who got it re-published by Alfred A. Knopf?
Eragon
What American record producer produced The True False Identity album?
T Bone Burnett
Which case was discussed first in court Diamond v. Chakrabarty or Williams v. Lee ?
Williams v. Lee
Ugo Falena wrote the libretto for the opera "L'ultimo Lord which is by an Italian composer and pianist who is known for having completed Puccini's opera Turandot in what year?
1926
Which Thornton Wilder play did Jerome Alden's wife dance in on the original Broadway production?
Our Town
Are Charles Olson and Gay Talese both poets?
no
What film, produced by Legendary Pictures, stars Fraçois Civil in the role of Papillon?
As Above, So Below
Which 2013 movie was based off of a film directed by Andrew Lau?
Full and Final
Who is a Kenyan long- and middle-distance runner coached by Wes Kittley?
Sally Kipyego
Who published the comic book in which Jean Loring was a supporting character and primary love interest of The Atom (Dr. Ray Palmer) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books?
DC Comics
Who directed the Chinese television series in which Li Yitong played Huang Rong?
Jeffrey Chiang
Monsters of Destruction is the more racing focused version of what Feld Entertainment event?
Monster Jam
Who currently serves as the executive chairman of the company who owns and operates Sam's Town Hotel and Gambling Hall, Shreveport?
Bill Boyd
Which famous TV studio did Brian Sheesley work out of with Peter Browngardt?
Cartoon Network Studios
The female star of Cutter's Way was born on which year?
1952
Of the two games, Amun-Re and Löwenherz, which game was published in 2003?
Amun-Re
In what country can these castles be found?
Scotland
Dankaran Touman was the first son of Naré Maghann Konaté, father of Sundiata Keita, founder and first Emperor of the Mali Empire, which was an empire in West Africa from 1230 to 1670, during which century?
13th
Where was casual friday adopted?
Western countries
How tall is the mountain in the northern Franconia Range that flanks along the southwest of Garfield Ridge in the White Mountains?
5249 ft
Holidayland is now called which themed land found at Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California?
New Orleans Square
Besides having a record making the Billboard 200, what other accomplishment did Yanni reach?
national record at 14
Who was the party promoter who served almost 17 years for manslaughter and the movie Party Monster was about?
Michael Alig
What is the name of is a song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, an American singer-songwriter who has released how many video albums and has appeared in thirty-eight music videos?
Love Story
Known for playing Charlie Eppes on the CBS series "Numbers", who created the American comedy tv series Gigi Does It? 
David Krumholtz
In what year was the college from which Page Hopkins graduated founded?
1870
Who directed the film where Susan May Pratt played Mandella?
Gil Junger
When was the 2nd single on OutKast's 3rd album released
September 29, 1998
Elaeocarpus and Hardenbergia, are found in which mutual country?
Australia
In what year was the fifth season of the television show which Alex Saxon appeared in from 2013-2015 renewed?
2016
The Yokosuka B4Y, (Navy Type 96 Carrier Attack Bomber), is an aircraft carrier, and torpedo bomber was used by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service from 1936 to what year?
1943
Who's stage name was taken from the bus conductor played by Ivor Cutler in the Beatles' 1967 film "Magical Mystery Tour", Buster Bloodvessel or Jesse Michaels?
Buster Bloodvessel
Between Allan Bloom and Philip Pullman, who was born earlier?
Allan David Bloom
What producer works on the twelfth incarnation of Hanna-Barbera's "Scooby-Doo?"
Zachary Thomas Moncrief
The player who hit the most home runs in a single season played how many seasons of Major League Baseball ?
22 seasons
Where was the band, in which Brody Dalle was part of before the Spinnerettes, formed?
Los Angeles, California
Team2015 is a political campaign set up by what current member of paliament for Welwyn Hatfield in England?
Grant Shapps
In what Fela Kuti concert was a street and fad dance used in some forms of Rocking, a dance style originating in 1980s Melbourne, Australia, first performed?
Cross Examination
"L'Affiche rouge" is a song from the album "Les Chansons d'Aragon" (1961) by Léo Ferré, the affair became known by the name of the "Affiche rouge" ("Red Poster") because the Germans plastered Paris in the spring of 1944 with thousands of red posters denouncing those executed as immigrants and which collection of French movements that fought against the Nazi German occupation of France and against the collaborationist Vichy régime during the Second World War?
French Resistance
Simone da Orsenigo was an Italian architect and builder of the 14th century, his name is on the list of masters working on which term, for an Italian cathedral church?  
Duomo
William Marshall was a British engraver and illustrator, best known for his symbolic portrayal of a monarch from 27 March 1625 until his what in 1649?
execution
Which band is American, Dirty Three or Copeland?
Copeland
Deborah Ann Woll portrays which character from Marvel Comics and their "Daredevil" series?
Karen Page
What American character actor starred in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" and The Big Caper
James Gregory
This 2013 independent documentary film focuses on a fretted string instrument of what family?
zither
What is the year of the event which occured first, Kellie Pickler's self title album was released, or The Best Days of Your Life was released?
2008
The founder of Mormonism and the Latter Day Saint movement founded what church in 1830?
Church of Christ
Fenriz was one half of the Norwegian heavy metal band that formed in 1986 under what name?
Black Death
What film is older The Incredible Journey or The Three Musketeers?
The Incredible Journey
In 2001 who on the Oakland Raiders forced a fumble against 5 time Super Bowl champ Tom Brady?
Charles Woodson
On what date did the final episode of the South Park season containing "Cripple Fight" air?
December 12, 2001
Oh My Ghostess was a television series starring the actress who had a role in what 2008 hit film?
Scandal Makers
Christian Soucy is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who is considered the NHL's version of what major league baseball player who appeared in one game for the Giants on June 29, 1905?
Archibald Wright "Moonlight" Graham
What song did Alice Cucini and Charles-Camille Saint-Saens work on together?
Samson et Dalila
Fort Peck Dam is located near the county seat of Valley County, Montana, a city with what population in 2015?
3,414
Special Operations Command united the Jaeger Corps and one other force on what date?
1 July 2015
Sarah Josepha Buell Hale (October 24, 1788 – April 30, 1879) was an American writer and an influential editor, she's the author of the nursery rhyme "Mary Had a Little Lamb", the English language nursery rhyme of nineteenth-century of which nationality origin?
American
The Ohm is named after someone who began his research while working what job?
school teacher
John Gagliardi, was the head football coach at which college, in Helena, Montana?
Carroll College
Which game, Modern Art or GridIron Master, is of Canadian origins?
GridIron Master
Who has more scope of profession, T. E. Lawrence or Diana Athill?
Thomas Edward Lawrence
Which lasted longer, the Battle of Belleau Wood or the Battle of Leyte?
Battle of Leyte
Which rock band is known for their funk music, Bloodhound Gang or Hunter Valentine?
The Bloodhound Gang
Where was Led Zeppelin's album recorded that included a song written by Anne Bredon?
Olympic Studios in London
I do was a song written as a gift to which wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans?
Eric Thomas Decker
Who was responsible for influencing not only Sonic Syndicate but also the genre death metal?
In Flames
Who is older, Park Subin or Geoff Tate?
Geoff Tate
a New York City-based global advertising agency does campaigns for a beverage native to England known as what?
Newcastle Brown Ale
Which writer was from the United States, Donald Barthelme or W. B. Yeats?
Donald Barthelme
In which district of the Badakhshan Province is the settlement located which is famous for its ancient mines, which produce a deep blue metamorphic rock used as a semi-precious stone that has been prized since antiquity for its intense color, and are said to produce the world's finest of this stone?
the Kuran Wa Munjan District
Alexander Pavlovich Dianin, was a Russian chemist from Saint Petersburg, and was married to the adopted daughter of fellow chemist Alexander Borodin, was a Russian Romantic composer of Georgian origin, as well as a doctor and chemist, he was one of the prominent 19th century composers, known as what?
The Mighty Handful
What American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA), was featured on the show Unique Whips on the defunct Speed Channel?
Carmelo Anthony
What do Darren Hayes and Rocky Shades have in common?
singer
Where is the college located that Brian McGilloway currently teaches at?
West Tyrone
Are Paul Banks and Jaren Johnston both singers and songwriters?
yes
Emmett J. Flynn and Robert Rossen, have which mutual occupations?
screenwriter, film director, and producer
VTES 3rd Edition expansion won a magazine award in 2007 published by who?
Wizard Entertainment
What was the name of the series of five yachts owned by the man that was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1970 to 1974?
Morning Cloud
Hits of the 50's was an album consisting of covers by the actor and teen idol of what heritage?
Italian-American
Kristie Jandric appeared in a Network Ten's soap opera that was created by which TV executive ?
Reg Watson
What was the name of season one episode of the American animated television series in which Mary Jo Catlett has a role as Mrs. Puff?
Boating School
Where did William Ernest Hocking pass away in and had a population of 2,502? 
Madison, New Hampshire
When was the skydiver born who Michael Gervais coached?
20 April 1969
Between Aaron Barrett and John Reis who has more diverse job experiences?
John Reis
 "Elvira" is a song written by Dallas Frazier was on which album?
Ain't Living Long Like This
Which focused more on feminist issues, Nabil Ayouch or Agnès Varda?
Agnès Varda
Do Franz Viehböck and Pedro Duque share the same nationality?
no
What sport involving the racing of automobiles for competition includes the British Grand Prix?
Auto racing
Who is the university where Hunter Hillenmeyer played college football named in honor of?
Cornelius Vanderbilt
Who directed this South Korean action noir film starring Lee Min-ki and Lee Tae-im?
Park Sang-jun
who directed the1973 animated science fiction film in which the imagery was delivered by  French cartoonist Roland Topor
René Laloux
The Sounds of India is a 1968 LP album by a musician that died in what year?
2012
Who event controversial event happened that included former Canadian professional ice hockey center Steve Moore?
The Todd Bertuzzi–Steve Moore incident
Jose Luis de Vilallonga costarred with Audrey Hepburn in a 1961 American romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and written by who?
George Axelrod
Which actor, who starred in "Elizabethtown" (2005), was in The Good Doctor, in 2011?
Orlando Bloom
The Treasons Act 1571 was repealed at the beginning of the reign of a monarch who was raised as what?
Protestant
What Jerymn Street selective school founded a multi-Academy trust with Carre's Grammar School?
Kesteven and Sleaford High School
 Hwang Jung-min starred in a film directed by who?
Lee Seok-hoon
Who was this Irish-born American schoolteacher and dressmaker who helped coordinate major strikes and was detained in Mother Jones' Prison?
Mary Harris "Mother Jones"
What was the name of the submachine gun used during World War II, that was designed by Aimo Lahti?
Suomi KP/-31
Refuge Robert Blanc is a refuge in the Alps located on the route of a popular walk that is roughly how long?
170 km
The band that performed a song used worldwide as an anti-fascist hymn was formed in what year?
1990
Algimantas Mykolas Dailidė, is a former official of which Nazi-sponsored local police force that operated in Nazi-occupied Lithuania from 1941 to 1944?
Lithuanian Security Police (LSP)
The actor that played the prosecution counsel in "The Execution of Gary Glitter" appeared in a 2001 horror film directed by the Hughes brother and loosely based on a novel by what two people?
Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell
Master Zhung is a chief in a trilogy series of film adaptations of a novel by which author?
Woon Swee Oan
What was the original spelling of the name of the coloratura soprano who sang in Verdi's La Traviata at the Aix-en-Provence Festival?
Nathalie Dessaix
are Ketchikan International Airport and Southwest Georgia Regional Airport based in the same state?
no
Olivia Diaz is a member of a state assembly that consists of how many members?
42
The electronic rock due Breathe Carolina's second album was produced by which two composers?
David Schmitt and Tommy Cooperman
Which chain was founded first Toppers Pizza or Pietro's Pizza?
Pietro's Pizza
Turner Sports is the sports division of an American media conglomerate that was founded in which year ?
1970
Arjun Kapoor and Boney Kapoor are both in which country's film industry?
India
when was the Cuban professional boxer that stopped Moez Zemzemi in the first round of the men's bantamweight born 
September 30, 1980
Life Technologies Corp. v. Promega Corp. was a case decided by the Chief Justice that took his seat on what date?
September 29, 2005
Which Coronation Street character was killed off by drowning, having played the father of Michelle Keegan's character for just over a year?
Joseph "Joe" McIntyre
What mixtape by Jadakiss features a guest appearance from a Moroccan-American hip hop recording artist
Consignment
Nicolette Ella Fraillon, is an Australian conductor, since 2003, has been Chief Conductor of the Australian Ballet, the largest classical ballet company in Australia, founded in which year?
1962
Oebares was a Persian officer of Cyrus II of Persia, commonly known as Cyrus the Great  and also called Cyrus the Elder by the Greeks, was the founder of which Empire?
menid Empi
Introduced in the Broadway musical starring Fred and Adele Astaire, the song Oh, Lady Be Good! was written by whom?
George and Ira Gershwin
Blue Picardy Spaniel and Alpine Dachsbracke, are a breed of what?
dog
Satoru Nakamura was a Japanese educator and Scouting leader during what record period of economic growth between post-World War II era to the end of Cold War in Japan?
Japanese economic miracle
United States Army post, Fort Elliott, was named for a casualty of the Battle of Washita River, which occurred on what day?
November 27, 1868
Jackson Ramsay, is a professional Australian rules football player at the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), after the match he was mentioned as one of the outstanding younger players of the team by the coach,  Nathan Charles Buckley, is a former professional Australian rules football player, commentator and coach, best known for his time as captain of the Collingwood Football Club, in which organization?
Australian Football League (AFL)
The Derry Citizen's Defense Association was organized in response to which police force known as the most dangerous police force in the world?
Royal Ulster Constabulary
"Guilty" by the band Blue was co-written by a "The X Factor UK" judge that is a lead singer for what pop group?
Take That
A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation, is a song by American heavy metal band Trivium, written by Corey Beaulieu and which Japanese American musician, born on January 26, 1986?
Matthew "Matt" Kiichi Heafy
Where were the games held, in 2015, in which Akela Jones won a bronze medal in the high jump ?
Toronto
Menace II Society soundtrack has several songs including "Dopeman" by which American hip hop group from Los Angeles, California?
N.W.A
What is the headquarters of one of the video game publishers who has had Rebecca Ann Heineman affiliated with it?
Rennes, France
DFS Group is majority owned by the shareholder of what nationality?
British
Who was noted for their long resistance (1219–1290) against the German crusaders and Teutonic Knights during the Northern Crusades, who had a duke in the second half of the 13th century who uled in the western part of Semigallia?
Semigallians
What was the Douglas C-47 Skytrain carrying in the 1951 French crime film directed by Jacques Daniel-Norman?
a shipment of gold
In which US state is the video game publisher that is known for publishing the open world action role-playing video game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim located?
Maryland
what is the nationality of The player who was awarded the 2010 South American footballer of the year ?
Argentine
Which is native to China, Encephalartos or Ginkgo biloba?
Ginkgo biloba
SAF-TE was abbreviated from what?
Small Computer System Interface (SCSI, )
The Roman Brewery makes beers of German and French styles instead of which type of Belgian beer that includes lambics, gueuze and Flanders red ale?
Sour beer
A book by Crystal Jordan was first published as an e-book then later moved to print, when was that book initially launched?
2000
Were both If and Dungeon published magazines?
yes
In what city did Lester Everett Lyles play for the New York Jets?
East Rutherford, New Jersey
Which player of the Miami Heat Big Three was born on December 30 ?
LeBron James
Peggy is a 1970 historical novel by Lois Duncan, It is a semi-fictionalized account of the life of which second wife of General Benedict Arnold, a prominent figure in Philadelphia after the American Revolutionary War?
Margaret "Peggy" Shippen
Which British Conservative Party politician helped set new standards for environmental management?
John Gummer
Michael Tyler was named, April 2017, as the spokesman, for which organization, under the leadership of Tom Perez?
Democratic National Committee
The 105th Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment of the New York Army National Guard, originally, it was known as the 2nd New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, but it was redesignated, in which year?
1916
What American television series, that premiered on August 9, 2009, was Plated featured on in 2014?
Shark Tank
In which year was this studio album by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins that included the song  "Rhinoceros" released?
1991
What Berlin born Sir worked on James Bond Films and the 1962 epic film Sodom and Gomorrah?
Ken Adam
What were the Black Russian Terrier and the Samoyed dog breeds used for?
working dog, guarding dog, sporting and companion dog.
Michaella McCollum Connolly, part of the Peru Two, was from what Irish county?
County Tyrone
Are Susan Straight and Czesław Miłosz both American writers?
no
What is the birthdate of this American country music and rockailly singer and musician, best known for a song winning a 1960 Grammy who was produced by Don Law?
April 30, 1925
 General Purpose Frigate was cancelled under this Canadian scholar, statesman, soldier and diplomat, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in what year?
1957
The Charlottesville–Albemarle Airport and Rapid City Regional Airport are both what type of airport?
public use
The former presenter of the afternoon shows on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire has also hosted from a 1040-seat thrust stage theatre owned by what company?
Royal Shakespeare Company
The wind band march for the University of Minnesota was written by an American composer and conductor of the late Romantic era, born on what day?
November 6, 1854
David D. Cole's honorary Professor title was named after the Senate Majority Leader during what years?
1989 to 1995
Who was previously in a boyband, Dani Filth or Takahiro Moriuchi?
Takahiro Moriuchi
Are Streptosolen and Iresine both types of flowering plants?
yes
Which movie starring Julia Chantrey was directed by Andy Muschietti?
Mama
What type of vegetation does Biarum and Magnolia have in common?
plant
After was an episode of The Walking Dead written by the comic book writer who also created what other series?
Invincible
What heisman tropy winner from Wisconsin was nicknamed "The Iron Horse"?
Alan Ameche
On what date did the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, in which "Crater Glacier" was formed, occur?
May 18, 1980
Are both Subak and Caral originated from the same country?
no
What is the seat of the county that includes the mountain Kearsarge North?
Ossipee
What corporation designed a supersonic light fighter family, initially designed in the late 1950s use in a two-year program that was a joint effort between NASA's Langley Research Center, Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards Air Force Base, California and Northrop Grumman?
Northrop Corporation
Joe Cornish made his directorial debut in the comedy film that starred whom?
John Boyega, Nick Frost, Jodie Whittaker and Luke Treadaway
Which rapper sings Runnin' From tha Police, a 1995 song, which was one of very few compostions done jointly due to a feud between artists and fans of the East Coast hip hop and West Coast hip hop scenes in the United States?
Tupac Shakur
'Tis the Fifteenth Season was part of the television show that started their fifteenth season with an episode entitled what?
"Treehouse of Horror XIV"
What Hong Kong actor of Hakka ancestry born in 1974 starred in Bounty Hunters?
Wallace Chung
Are Annabella Lwin and Tom Petty both singer songwriters ?
yes
What United States military base adjacent to Honolulu, Hawaii is host two of United States Pacific Command subordinate Service components?
Joint Base Pearl Harbor–Hickam
The Black Halo features a guest appearance by a Dutch symphonic metal band, that was founded by who?
Mark Jansen
Dishonored is a 1931 Pre-Code romantic spy film starring a German actress and singer who held both German and American what?
citizenship
In which city are the performers who released the song Be Mine based ?
Paris
What album was the song that kept Vienna from the UK number-one slot?
Double Fantasy
What brewery in Munich was owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev that merged with Bürgerliches Brauhaus company?
Löwenbräu
Who is the more acclaimed film director, Jeremy J. Ford or Laurent Touil-Tartour? 
Laurent Touil-Tartour
Who was the Soviet aircraft designer that worked with Leonid Kerber?
Andrei Tupolev
When was released the first single of an album of an american country music singer that has charted four singles on the Hot Country Songs Charts?
in June 2010
Where is the team based that Gary Allenson will begin a second stint as manager of?
Manchester, New Hampshire
The song  "Dancing in the Dark" was recorded for the soundtrack to a film based on a children's book by what author?
Adam Rex
Who directed the film that Rango: The Video Game was based on?
Gore Verbinski
What State did John Stark and the Nichols' Regiment of Militia have in common?
New Hampshire
What state did the 2013 Clemson Tigers football team derive in?
Clemson, South Carolina
Who has won more literary prizes, Natalia Ginzburg or Pete Dexter?
Natalia Ginzburg
Home Fire is novel that reimagines a tragedy by Sophocles written in or before what year?
441 BC
The author of "Morgoth's Ring" drew the original maps for which of his father's books?
"The Lord of the Rings"
Which role did Imogen Poots play in the 2007 British science fiction horror film 28 Weeks Later?
Tammy
The 1960 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at an arena that serves what institution?
Montana State University
What was the twelfth studio album by the father of singer Sloan Wainwright?
History
In the screenplay Sweethearts, Victor Herbert's play was was used. What type of performance was this?
“play within a play”
When did the Australian camp open that sits between the major dam across the Murray River and the city of Wodonga?
1947
Didi Tera Devar Deewana is a 1994 Bollywood song composed by an Indian composer, pianist, musician and what?
accordionist
Which canyon is the city with Gobernador Horacio Guzmán International Airport near?
Humahuaca Canyon
John Fox Burgoyne served under the duke who defeated whom at Waterloo?
Napoleon
What did the second largest brewing company in Europe buy in 2008?
Xirdalan
From what country did Sandeep Dikshit's political party gain India's independence?
Great Britain
Whose team was promoted to the second division of professional German football in the 2005-06 season?
Ali Bilgin
Which has more acts, Anna Bolena or Pelléas et Mélisande?
Pelléas et Mélisande
What Bermudian Company began operations in 1966 and is one of the cruise lines that arrives in Port Chiapas?
Norwegian Cruise Line
What English actor that starred in "Flash Gordon" also had a featured vocal roll in the flash animation "Badgers"?
Brian Blessed
What is the nickname of the former head football coach of a federally operated tribal university located in Kansas?
Lone Star
Shakespearean tragedy is the designation given to most tragedies written by which playwright, several hundred years after Shakespeare's death, scholar F.S. Boas also coined a fifth category, in Shakespeare studies, the problem plays are three plays, wrote between the late 1590s and the first years of the seventeenth century: "All's Well That Ends Well", "Measure for Measure" and "Troilus and Cressida"?
William Shakespeare
Are both Lyonothamnus and Antirrhinum known as dragon flowers?
no
What was the record for the head football coach of this private four-year Christian-based college founded in Salina, Kansas, United States?
compiling a record of 9–5
What what the children's picture book "Rosa"'s character an activist in?
the Civil Rights Movement
Which movement has its cradle in the neighborhood where the tavern Julius can be found?
the modern LGBT movement
William R. Forstchen, is an American historian and author who began publishing in 1978 as a contributor to "Boys' Life", he's a Professor of History and Faculty Fellow at Montreat College, a private Christian liberal arts college located in the town of Montreat, in which state?
North Carolina
In which city was Jerome D. Mack the president of a casino?
Winchester, Nevada
Michael Nonbo has represented which top-tier team from Sydbank Park in the Superliga?
SønderjyskE
Who directed the 2008 South Korean film to which Love Story was adopted? 
Ryoo Jang-ha
What is the job of both A. Manette Ansay and Amos Oz?
author
Robbie Gee appeared in which 2000 British crime comedy film by Guy Ritchie?
Snatch
What is the current name of the club that Agustin Lionel Allione plays for?
Esporte Clube Bahia
Dieffenbachia and Tibouchina, are which kind of plants?
flowering
Which movie is older, Melody Time or Old Yeller?
Melody Time
Schottenstein Stores Corp., based in Columbus, Ohio, is a holding company for various ventures of the Schottenstein family, who was the American entrepreneur and philanthropist, founder of Schottenstein Stores Corp, are one of two of the primary holders in the company?
Jerome Schottenstein
What is the capital city of the country in which the island of Isokwe is located ?
Lusaka
Gascon Saintongeois and Central Asian Shepherd Dog, are a breed of what?
dog
The actress that played Penny Lane in "Almost Famous" co-starred with Naomi Watts in a 1997 film based on a novel by what author?
Diane Johnson
Which person that Roger Manvell made a biography of had the middle name of Luitpold? 
Heinrich Himmler
What 1876 battle was Chief Red Fox's uncle involved in?
Battle of the Little Bighorn
When was the guest starring in Time Heist born?
10 February 1976
What is the name of the Swedish professional footballer who is considered a talisman for AIK leading the defense at left-back resulting in a loss of only 28 goals during the 2007 season? 
Nils-Eric Johansson
What is a genus of about 15–20 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the daisy family Asteraceae, Collomia or Calendula ?
Calendula
The winner of the  2014 Best Footballer in Asia award plays for what Premier League club?
Tottenham Hotspur
The Man Who Cried is a 2000 Anglo-French film, written and directed by Sally Potter, the film stars which  American actor, musician, and singer, that died on September 15, 2017?
Harry Dean Stanton
The 3s Cable Car was developed by a company in which canton in Switzerland?
Bern
Which kind of plant is native to more locations, Chelidonium or Kirengeshoma?
Chelidonium
At what address did Final Battle 2012: Doomsday take place?
311 West 34th Street
The town in which the Suncook Lakes is located had a population of what at the 2010 census?
4,593
Which large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern Montana that uses north dakota pipeline company system to collect oil from its fields?
Williston Basin
Lake Mary Jane is located north of a city in what Florida county?
Highlands County
Wrecking Everything – An Evening in Asbury Park is a 2002 live DVD by a band that has a notable skeleltal bat mascot named what?
Chaly
What type of profession does Jim Reese and Mary Fallin have in common?
politician
Botanica is a New York based band featured in Greg Pritikin's film "Dummy" staring an American actor who won an Academy Award for what 2002 film?
The Pianist
Where did Wayne Simmonds play hockey when he was on his junior team?
Brockville, Ontario, Canada
Kris Tompkins husband gifted land to governments in which continent?
South America
The 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, the 40th annual Toronto International Film Festival was held from 10 to 20 September 2015, which 2015 drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and written by Bryan Sipe, and starring Jake Gyllenhaal?
Demolition
Xavier University ( ) is a co-educational Jesuit, Catholic university in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. 
a co-educational Jesuit, Catholic university in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The U.S. Navy admiral nicknamed "Slew" married who in 1965?
Carol Shepp
Disappearance of Renee MacRae, Britain's longest running missing persons case, is as notorious as the murder cases of this serial killer involved with how many people? 
three
Mike Edison was the editor-in-chief of which weekly pornographic tabloid newspaper published in the United States aimed at heterosexual men; according to a statement on the cover, it offered "Jerk-Off Entertainment for Men?
Screw
Buck Rogers: Countdown to Doomsday is a role-playing video game released by Strategic Simulations in 1990 , set in which game setting created by TSR, Inc. in the late 1980s?
Buck Rogers XXVC
Amen is an American sitcom produced by Carson Productions that aired on NBC from 1986, to 1991, set in Sherman Hemsley's real-life hometown of Philadelphia, Hemsley was an American comic actor best known for his role as George Jefferson on which CBS television series, that Hemsley was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award?
The Jeffersons
What author objects to the name Predator Cities Quartet or the Hungry City Chronicles for the  fourth and final novel in the "Mortal Engines Quartet" series?
Philip Reeve
Yang Sze collaborated with Van Damme in a movie directed by who?
Sheldon Lettich
Eileen Sheridan is a perceived associate to a gang in East London known for the murders of what two men?
Jack "the Hat" McVitie and George Cornell
Are OneRepublic and Air Traffic both bands from America?
no
Between the Irish Red and White Setter and American Foxhound, which bread of dog is considered to hunt foxes by scent?
American Foxhound
Name Eirik Blodøks's wife's name?
Gunnhild
What is the name of the Roller Coaster that shares an area with the Kali River Rapids and is about the Yeti protecting the Forbidden Mountain next to Mount Everest?
Expedition Everest
The American singer who recorded the 2013 song "Love More" signed with what record company in 2004?
Jive Records
What is a professional baseball team in the Negro American League who had a member nicknamed "Hammer" who  is a retired American Major League Baseball right fielder who is currently the senior vice president of the Atlanta Braves ?
Indianapolis Clowns
What Soviet-born Dutch-British physicist wrote a paper that described devices that contained just one, two, or three atomic layers?
Andre Konstantin Geim
Are Terence Rattigan and André Malraux both writers?
yes
What is the name of the game written and directed by David Cage, published in February 2010 by Sony Computer Entertainment?
Heavy Rain
HMAS "Platypus" was a submarine depot ship and base ship operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), ordered prior to World War I to support the Australian submarines originally known as just AE1, HMAS "AE1, was an "E"-class submarine of which organization?
Royal Australian Navy (RAN)
Which song recorded by the Canadian musician did critics noted First Kiss inspiration came from 
"Summer of '69"
Are both Sussex Spaniel and Lakeland Terrier native to England?
yes
Mitchellville, Maryland's Freeway Airport has a collection of planes that includes what type of single-engine plane built by Piper Aircraft?
Piper PA-28 Cherokee
Time's Up! and Crokinole, are which type of entertainment?
game
Which band received a five-album deal with Sony BMG, Bullet for My Valentine or The Life and Times?
Bullet for My Valentine
When did English rock band New Order record their live album "Live at Bestival 2012?
September 2012
Katharine McPhee gained fame from working with Susan Marshall in what season of American Idol?
fifth season
What flavor are the puffed cornmeal snacks that is in the line of products put out by Matutano Snack Ventures?
cheese-flavored
In what year was Josph Campbell's widow born?
1916
What was the 2017 population of the area in which Highgate is located?
1.94 million
Alain Sailhac worked as a chef in a restaurant founded by Sirio Maccioni in what city?
New York City
Which novelist was from the US, Randall Jarrell or Louis-Ferdinand Céline?
Randall Jarrell
David Lane of The Order encourages white nationalists to move to which 5 states?
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, and Western Montana
Which member of the 2015 American drama film "Advantageous" plays the role of Elizabeth Bennet in the 1995 BBC miniseries "Pride and Prejudice"?
Jennifer Ehle
Of these two chief executives of the National Football League, Milton P. "Milt" Woodard and Allen Davis, who was born first?
Milton P. "Milt" Woodard
La donna del lago and Rodelinda, are which type of dramatic work?
opera
In what year was the man of the match of the 2001 Intercontinental Cup born?
1976
Who was an Italian composer, Claudio Monteverdi or Peter Maxwell Davies?
Claudio Giovanni Antonio Monteverdi
X Games XV It took place at a multi-purpose sports arena that opened on what date?
17, 1999
The 2012 Florida Gators football team was invited to which postseason college football bowl game on Wednesday, January 2, 2013, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana?
2013 Sugar Bowl
Who won a Grand Slam singles title first, Thomas Muster or Goran Ivanišević?
Thomas Muster
The Haleakala Trail is located in the national park located on the island of Maui that covers how big of an area?
33,265 acre
Who was born first, Rosalyn Yalow or Andrew Schally?
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow
What country does Listed buildings in Anderton with Marbury and Anderton Boat Lift have in common?
England
The college that the 1913 Southwestern Moundbuilders football team represented is located in what city? 
Winfield, Kansas, United States
AN/APQ-7 was a system whose research began in 1941 under the direction of the winner of what award in 1968?
Nobel Prize in Physics
Ligat Ha'Al is sponsored by a betting pool that predicts the outcome of what events?
top-level association football matches
In which city was the band formed in which Steven Stanley played with David Byrne?
New York City
Mark Lipsky was the Executive Producer of a number of movies starring a stand-up comedian that was ranked #10 on Comedy Central's list of what?        
100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time
What theatrical film did Fairuza Balk play as Dorothy Gale?
Return to Oz
Jacques Rolland was a friend of a philosopher of which ancestry ?
Lithuanian Jewish
The American historian and author Richard Norton Smith worked with this American Republican politician born in 1919 who represented which state in the Senate from 1967 to 1979?
Massachusetts
What holiday did the democrat from Michigan born on May 16, 1929 propose?
Democracy Day
New York State Route 25D had its name changed to what route, split into two segments, as of 1958?
State Route 24
Boston and Skegness is represented in the House of Commons by which politician and former journalist?
Matt Warman
what is the American singer-songwriter who Erik Jacobsen work with best known for 
"Spirit in the Sky"
The album titled Omo Baba Olowo by Davido was produced by who?
Maleek Berry
Who is an American lawyer who is the incumbent Associate Attorney General?
Rachel Brand
David Reivers had a starring role in the Disney Channel movie premiering on what date?
January 12, 2007
What band that Mike Peters worked with was formed in Dunfermline, Fife, in 1981?
Big Country
Thomas Mann and Romain Rolland, share which occupations?
novelist, essayist
12 Monkeys was inspired by the 1962 film that won what short film award?
Prix Jean Vigo
When was the Irish actor born who was a star of Mister John and who's birth name was Aidan Murphy?
24 April 1968
Which region is this tribal group from who fought against the United States Army alongside Palus, Schitsu'umsh (Coeur d'Alene), Spokan, and Yakama warriors at the Battle of Spokane Plains?
Northwest Plateau
What role did this American actress and comedian play in the NBC series "The Office" who was also featured in "Redeeming Rainbow?"
Erin Hannon
Which is a genus of plants within the daisy family, Auranticarpa or Silphium?
Silphium
Have tennis players Amélie Mauresmo and Vitas Gerulaitis both won titles at Wimbledon?
yes
What is the prenomen or royal name of the ancient ruler of Egypt and a kingdom at the confluences of the Blue Nile, White Nile, and River Atbara?
Bakare
What video collection by Ian Levine was filmed on Central Drive in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire in Northern England and featured American Rhythm and Blues singer Rose Batiste?
The Strange World of Northern Soul
Which private company founded by philanthropist Paul Allen oversees the Museum of Pop Culture?
Vulcan Inc.
Conspiracy and Löwenherz, or Domaine, are both examples of what kind of entertainment?
board game
Do Mikael Salomon and John G. Adolfi have the same nationality ?
no
Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game's game system was slightly modified and rereleased in 2004 as which generic science fiction role-playing game (RPG) based on the "D6 System"?
D6 Space
What is the population of the town which the Mount Lindesay Road eventually leads to?
6,986
Michael Watson's career was cut short as a result of a near-fatal injury sustained during a loss to a British former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to what year?
1998
What is the German name for the war when the Provincial Lady lived? 
Sitzkrieg
Which railroad, that operated in the Midwest and South Central U.S. from 1876 to April 17, 1980, was responsible for creating the Monett railroad town?
St. Louis–San Francisco Railway
Prison of Anemas and Church of Saint Benoit, Istanbul are both Roman Catholic churches?
no
What county is the city that contains Florida State Road 736's easterb terminus the seat of?
Broward County
Dionysius Periegetes was lived around the time of a roman emperor who was born on which day ?
24 January 76
Tom Walls and Gordon Curran Stewart were from the same country.
no
Which movie genre did both Alexandre Aja and Roy Andersson direct movies in? 
Alexandre Aja (born 7 August 1978) is a French film director best known for his work in various horror films.
The racetrack that the first race of the 2000 Formula One season was held at, is located around what lake?
Albert Park Lake
John Sawyer was born in  what small city in Lincoln County, Mississippi that is the county seat of Lincoln County?
Brookhaven
A Film Unfinished and Pride Divide, are which type of film genre?
documentary
Which "Pennsylvania"-class battleship was sunk in 1941?
USS "Arizona"
Team Brunel finished second in the 2014–15 Volvo Ocean Race, skippered by Bouwe Bekking, and will also sail in the 2017–18 Volvo Ocean Race, the 13th edition of the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race, it will start in Alicante, in which country?
Spain
What American actor known for playing Larry Talbot in the 1941 film "The Wolf Man" also appeared in the 1933 film Lucky Devils?
Lon Chaney Jr.
The 2010 movie in which the song "Stop, Drop and Roll" was featured was a spin-off sequel of what film?
"Forgetting Sarah Marshall"
What company owns the company founded by Kate Cheney Chappell?
Colgate-Palmolive
Which is in Hainan province, Lichuan, Hubei or Wenchang?
Wenchang
What 2013 film starred the actor who had a role in a 2014 British drama film directed by Lone Scherfig?
"The White Queen"
La Fiesta de Santa Barbara features Judy Garland singing a song that translates to what in English?
The Cockroach
Air Jordan Retro XII has a logo that is a silhouette of which person?
Michael Jordan
Alex Guerrero (born February 16, 1984) is former American football offensive and defensive lineman, his clients include Arizona Cardinals cornerback Patrick Peterson and which American football safety for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League?
Tyrann Devine Mathieu
What was the name of the 2013 science fiction thriller film starring Academy Award winning actress Octavia Spencer?
Snowpiercer
What type of industry does Danny Buday and Paul Sloane have in common?
film
Publius Valerius Poplicola was the consul of the era of ancient Roman civilization traditionally dated to when?
509 BC
What nationality is the musician who wrote the music of the song Enter Sandman, with Kirk Hammett and James Hetfield ? 
Danish
Chelan Simmons had a role in a 2006 American Supernatural horror film directed by who?
James Wong
The Osceola Parkway, signed as County Road 522 (CR 522) since around which year, is a 12.4 mi , partially tolled arterial road extending east–west across the northern boundary of Osceola County, Florida, roughly paralleling the border with Orange County, it connects Walt Disney World with Interstate 4 and Florida's Turnpike, designated as State Road 91 (SR 91) and the Ronald Reagan Turnpike, is a toll road in Florida?
2003
For what team does the 17th pick of the NHL draft that included Jack Campbell and Brock Nelson play professionally?
Luleå HF
Lovesliescrushing (stylized lovesliescrushing) is an ambient and shoegaze subgenre band from East Lansing, in which US state?
Michigan
Texas Tech University and Brigham Young University are both research universities, but are they both public?
no
The Kill to Get Crimson Tour was created by which British guitarist and film score composer?
Mark Freuder Knopfler
What country developed the Ranger Special Operations Vehicle and the 75th Ranger Regiment?
United States Army
Which program did the writer of Pot of Gold co-create ?
Supergirl
What is the middle name of the villain Superman and Batman team up against in Superman/Batman: Public Enemies?
Joseph
American Spirit, an album released on American Gramaphone in 2003, is a collaboration between C. W. McCall and this group founded by whom?
Chip Davis
Which Beatles' box set, originally released in Japan by Odeon Records, consists of their second album released in the United states among other albums?
The Japan Box
Do Erick Zonca and John Greyson work in the same industry?
yes
What Florida county was the revised version of "Absolute Jest" was first performed in on December 1, 2012?
Miami-Dade County
Gail Buckner was a candidate for Secretary of State of Georgia in 2006, but lost to a woman who was the first Republican woman to be elected to the US Congress from Georgia, after defeating who?
Jon Ossoff
"Talk That Talk" is a hip hop song that has similar in style to the third single of an ablum named what?
Rated R
Which magazine-Women's Health or Parents- is an international company?
Women's Health
Menahem Golan and John Rawlins, have which mutual occupation?
director
Karma is closely associated with the idea that an aspect of a living being starts a new life in a different physical body or form after each biological what?
death
Roxanne "Roxie" Hart is a fictional character originally from the 1927 play "Chicago", the playwright, reporter Maurine Dallas Watkins, was inspired by the real-life 1924 murder trials of Beulah Annan,  an American suspected murderer, that died on which date?
March 10, 1928
The book Diseases of Canaries was written by a man incarcerated at Alcatraz between what years?
1942 to 1959
Komikku Yuri Hime published work from which female manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan?
Milk Morinaga
Pasco County, incorporating Jasmine Estates and the county seat Dade City, is in which U.S. state?
Florida
What was the profession of the man who called Log College's structure very plain in his journal?
cleric
What American novelist born in 1947 has published at least 81 novels?
Danielle Steel
Tula Paulina "Tulisa" Contostavlos was a judge on a show created by who?
Simon Cowell
The winner of the 2014 Macau Open Grand Prix Gold was also the first Indian to win what badminton series?
Korea Open Super Series
Which Toronto group share writing credits for "Lust", a track on Kendrick Lamar's DAMN album?
BadBadNotGood
What kind of group does Madmen and DC Comics have in common?
team
Who published a book most recently, William Gaddis or Lyudmila Ulitskaya?
Lyudmila Evgenyevna Ulitskaya
Martin Holtzhey died in a city in the southwest of what country?
Netherlands
American actress Sarah Wright, of the movie American Made, recently co-starred in what NBC sitcom?
"Marry Me"
Sumner, New Zealand was named in 1849 in honour of an Archbishop born in which year?
1780
Which is an herb, Goldenseal or Afgekia?
Goldenseal
What year was the first production of the car on which the Megane Renault Sport is based?
1995
what year was the 2008 electee for a Cheshire constituency represented in the UK Parliament born?
1973
John "Jocko" Willink (September 8, 1971) is an American podcaster, author, martial artist and retired United States Navy SEAL, other notable members of Task Unit Bruiser included which United States Navy SEAL, and  the first SEAL to lose his life in Operation Iraqi Freedom?
Marc Alan Lee
When was the game starring Altair released for Playstation 3?
November 2007
What state did the winner of the 2008 Utah Democratic Primary represent in the Senate?
Illinois
What is Ofsted outstanding further and higher education college and has the highest number of HE in FE student numbers?
Blackpool and the Fylde College
Peltandra and Cyrtanthus, are which type of entities?
plants
What American eating establishment that specializes in bison is located on the ground floor of the Hotel Baxter?
Ted's Montana Grill
Out of the members of the Supremes who sang "A Breathtaking Guy," who remained in the group the longest?
Mary Wilson
UFC Fight Night: Shogun vs. Sonnen (also known as UFC Fight Night 26) was a mixed martial arts event held on August 17, 2013, at the TD Garden, often called Boston Garden and "The Garden", is a multi-purpose arena in Boston, in which US state?
Massachusetts
Who was the half-brother of Sweyn Haakonsson that participated in the conquest of English by King Canute the Great?
Eiríkr Hákonarson
The RC time constant, also called tau, the time constant (in seconds) of an RC circuit, a irst order RC circuit is composed of one resistor and one capacitor and is the simplest type of RC circuit, and is equal to the product of the circuit resistance (in ohms) and what (in farads)? 
circuit capacitance
Which game was developed in Czech Republic, Totopoly or Dorn?
Dorn
What profession does Alejandro Agresti and Tsai Ming-liang have in common?
filmmaker
Lynk & Co is an automotive brand, owned by which Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company, officially Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd, and headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang?
Geely
Which airport is located in Florida, Hilo International Airport or Vero Beach Regional Airport?
Vero Beach Regional Airport
Which band is from California, Framing Hanley or No Doubt?
No Doubt
Are the Virginia Commonwealth University and the University of California public or private?
public
At where did collegiate athletic conference which 16 teams out the West Alabama Tigers participated operated? 
southeastern United States
Samuel Worcester was a United States clergyman, born in which town and county, in the United States, on 1 November 1770?
Hollis, New Hampshire
What did Giles Lamb work on that is a 2011 open world survival horror action role-playing video game developed by Polish developer Techland?
Dead Island
Who was more known for his political activism, André Breton or Alexander Blok?
André Breton
Mad Men stars an actress born on July 24th of what year?
1982
Dad and Dave: On Our Selection was primarily filmed in a town how far southwest of Sydney?
200 kilometres
What was the lead single on the album that included a song that peaked at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and was released on YouTube on May 12, 2015?
Fairly Local
What is the name of the person who designed Rolls-Royce?
Sir Frederick Henry Royce
The Blob is a 1988 American science-fiction horror film starring an American actress known for her roll as Debbie Dunham in what film?
American Graffiti
What character in the thirteenth season on South Park has a name that is a play on the confection butterscotch?
Leopold "Butters" Stotch
Óttarr svarti ("Óttarr the Black") was an 11th-century Icelandic skald, he was the last court poet, finally of which King of Denmark, England and Norway; together often referred to as the North Sea Empire?
Cnut the Great
The Boulder Mountains are a mountain range running north–south west of Boulder between Helena and Butte in the U.S. state of Montana, parts of the range are in four different counties, including Deer Lodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Montana, and was founded in what year?
1865
Are both Hoheria and Kalmiopsis native to the same continent?
no
What is the location of the first football club of the current manager of the Naft Tehran?
Tehran, Iran
What is the hometown of the broadcaster who worked with Jack Ramsay and Hubie Brown in the NBA finals?
Seattle, Washington
Hyspaosines was a satrap installed by Antiochus IV Epiphanes, and later the first King of Characene or Mesene (Meshun), he's mainly known from coins, but also appears in texts of cuneiform script, which contain systematic records of astronomical observations and political events, as well as predictions is titled?
Babylonian astronomical diaries
Which has more species, Utricularia or Alphitonia?
Utricularia
Jeremy Lloyd, along with the help of what writer, wrote Which Way to the War?
David Croft
Beyond Coal is focused on preventing coal mining in which region which is home to approximately 25 million Americans?
Appalachia
What kind of transit system is the M1 part of?
24/7 rapid transit system
What year was the namesake of The Roberto Clemente Museum inducted into the Hall of Fame?
1973
What number album of 8Ball & MJG features Christopher Lee Rios
seventh
Joyce Carman Barkhouse, was a children's writer, of which nationality, best known for writing historical fiction, and is the aunt of Margaret Atwood, a Canadian poet, novelist, literary critic, essayist, inventor, and environmental activist?
Canadian
At the end of the 2003–04 Spanish football season, Rafael Benitez was replaced as manager of Valencia by a manager born in which year ?
1951
Staffordshire helmet was similar to which helmet found during a 1939 excavation?
Sutton Hoo helmet
Bear Paw Ski Bowl is a ski area that draws people from a recreaton area of what tribe? 
Chippewa-Cree Tribe
The song, "What the World Needs," was written by American singer, songwriter, and producer, Brett James, and cowritten by who else?
Holly Lamar.
Which university, Seattle University or California State University, Dominguez Hills, is a Jesuit Catholic university in the northwestern United States?
Seattle University
What center was founded by the Turkish physicist who hosted one of the winners of the 1961 Nobel Prize in Physics at the University of Miami?
Center for Theoretical Studies
The daughter of what  actor is an American actress and adult film performer, who is the niece of  an American actor, comedian, singer, dancer, writer, and producer?
Jerry Van Dyke
In which Parish was the property know as the 'Monk's Garden' located?
Kilwinning
Which film was based on adult life events of the composer Giuseppe Verdi, and released theatrically in the USA as The Life and Music of Giuseppe Verdi and on video as Verdi, the King of Melody, is a 1953 Italian biographical film starring Pierre Cressoy and directed by Raffaello Matarazzo?
Giuseppe Verdi
Are Jean M. Auel and Noël Coward both playwrights?
no
What year did the third film installment in the series based on a 1990 novel by Michael Crichton release?
2001
Dane DeHaan plays James Dean in Anton Corbijn's biographical drama film written by whom?
Luke Davies
Are both punk rock musicians, Spike Slawson and Greig Nori, from Canada? 
no
What year was the author of "On the Basis of Morality" born?
1788
What is the name of the second book released by Bridget Marquardt's costar in The Telling?
The Vegas Diaries: Romance, Rolling the Dice, and the Road to Reinvention
Which man born in Dalmatia ordered Genesius of Rome to denounce Christianity
Diocletian
What country is Dancing on Ice's third listed original HD broadcaster based in?
Northern Ireland
Thomas Jackson Calvert was educated at the school in what English county?
Lancashire
how is Solenostemon and Pseudocydonia connected?
flowers
In what year was the actress born who played Melinda Gordon on Ghost Whisperer?
1979
Zhongwei and Nyingchi are both claimed by what country?
People's Republic of China
Fort Wentworth in the southwestern New Hampshire town Northumberland is located at the junction of what two rivers?
Upper Ammonoosuc River and Connecticut River
What is the name of an English rock band who released a song which was a rock opera about a deaf, dumb, and blind boy?
The Who
What city and state was the 1973 film, which starred Gary Kurtz, set?
Modesto, California
The 1993–94 NBA season was the 6th season for the Charlotte Hornets in which organization, the team would soon struggle as Larry Johnson injured his back?
National Basketball Association
When was the American journalist who investigated  one of those that investigated the current state of our planet  born? 
June 3, 1967
A crime forum aka internet forum works on what type of fraud?
Internet fraud
Jung Ji-hoon, better known as Rain, starred in which movie directed by Kim Dong-won?
R2B: Return to Base
The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act bill was introduce by Dan Lipinski and a politician that represents which congressional district?
New Jersey 's 4 congressional district
Were Menno Oosting and Liezel Huber both professional tennis players?
yes
Were the films "King of the Grizzlies" and "Enchanted" released in the same year?
no
Which band was formed first, Counting Crows or Belle and Sebastian?
Counting Crows
Alan Bock wrote regular columns for which opinion site and news aggregator and fringe site?
WorldNetDaily
Boyle Travers Finniss, John Baker (for only 12 days) and Sir Robert Torrens were the first three Premiers of which Antipodean colony?
South Australia
The Brink's robbery of 1981 was an armed robbery and three related murders committed on October 20, 1981, which were carried out by six Black Liberation Army members, including Mutulu Shakur, he was a close friend of who?
Geronimo Pratt
What is the name of the animated film co-directed by a Danish Animator who formerly worked at Sullivan Bluth Studios that is based off a graphic novel?
Asterix and the Vikings
What mythology worships the deities/gods: Kū, Kanaloa, Kāne, and Lono?
Hawaiian mythology
Do the genera Helianthemum and Magnolia share the same family?
no
What medium of communication does Oliver Queen and Stephen Amell have in common?
television
The 11th Hour and City of Water, are which type of film?
documentary
Who are Queens of the Stone Age?
American rock band
Which band was formed first, Papa Roach or McFly?
Papa Roach
When was the company owned by the entrepreneur born on February 24, 1962 founded?
January 2001
Which documentary was produced first, The Mouth of the Wolf or Fahrenheit 9/11?
Fahrenheit 9/11
Eccles is a constituency that is in what part of England?
Greater Manchester
Who has received attention from from literary critics in recent years, Shirley Jackson or Edwidge Danticat?
Shirley Hardie Jackson
Which 2015 Chinese comedy film is a remake of Miss Granny and stars the winner of Outstanding New Actress at the Huabiao Awards?
20 Once Again
Which singer-songwriter wrote songs influenced by alternative rock as well as country for her album released in 2012?
Taylor Swift
Who was the director of the 2002 motion picture drama which featured John Hiatt's "Slow Turning"?
John Lee Hancock
What is the name of this independent municipality that has an area less than 9 km and has the street of Vesterbrogade running through it?
Frederiksberg
What Shin Tae-ra directed film featured former musical theatre actor Kang Ji-hwan?
My Girlfriend Is An Agent
Collegium Hosianum was a center of the Catholic Revival that began with what event in 1545?
Council of Trent
The soundtrack Movin' with Nancy includes the hit single "Some Velvet Morning", a song composed by which American country and pop singer, songwriter, and record producer?
Lee Hazlewood
What top 40 hit was written by the noted "The Moonshiner" performer and was covered by many artists including Robert Plant and Johnny Cash?
If I Were a Carpenter
Who directed the 1988 film in which the exterior of the abandoned W.S. Kelly gas station and general store in Cogar can be seen?
Barry Levinson
John Hughes, was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter, he directed and/or scripted some of the most successful comedy films, including the coming-of-age comedy-drama "The Breakfast Club", released in which year, an American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Hughes?
1985
The Green Corn Rebellion was an act that tried to stop enforcement of enlistement during what war?
World War I
Lew Baker was a close friend of the mob boss who went by what nickname?
Old Smoke
Are Capriccio and La finta giardiniera both operas?
yes
What year was the action comedy film released in which the voice of the actor known for playing Cousin Oliver in "The Brady Bunch" is used one of the four title characters?
1990
The Bentley Continental Flying Spur shares its platform with a car described by Volkswagen as what ?
their "premium class" vehicle
In which town of Long Island is Rocky Point High School located?
Town of Brookhaven
Who wrote Alambama's Ordinance of Secession after the March 1861 election of Abraham Lincoln? 
William Lowndes Yancey
What fusion genre combining elements of heavy metal and hardcore punk is Noxious Enjoyment a part of?
Metalcore
Are both Jimmie Ross and Jang Hyun-seung Americans?
no
Rose Mary Woods and Harry Robbins "Bob" Haldeman both had ties to President Richard Nixon, how long did Rose Mary Woods work for him?
was Richard Nixon's secretary from his days in Congress in 1951, through the end of his political career.
Indian film director AR Murugadoss won Best Director for his film "Kaththi", starring which actor in dual roles? 
Vijay
Who won more Drama Desk awards, Ivan Tors or Brothers Quay?
Brothers Quay
Lynn Whitfield played a French Resistance agent in a biographical film in what year?
1991
When did the coach of the Karachi Kings play South African domestic cricket?
1986 to 2001
are Rhoicissus and Commidendrum different genus
yes
James Rhodes is a Marvel Comics character that has appeared in comics related to a fictional superhero created by who?
Stan Lee
In what Super Bowl game did John Jett win a Super Bowl ring at the Sun Devil Stadium? 
Super Bowl XXX
What job title was held by the person the Rindge communication center was named after?
White House Press Secretary
Who directed the film in which Talitha Bateman played the character "Teacup"?
J Blakeson
Question: What is the name of Queen Elizabeth's ll father? answer: King George Vl
King George VI
 In computing, the FLEX language was developed by a scientist born in which year ?
1940
The Rangers won the 2003 Scottish League Cup Final thanks to goals from Peter Løvenkrands and an Argentien footballer who was known for what?
his speed as a player
Which musician or musical group became popular after appearing on a talent reality show, Vanessa Petruo or Clap Your Hands Say Yeah?
Vanessa Anneliese Petruo
Which artist went by a stage name when preforming Beth Ditto or Ben Jorgensen?
Beth Ditto
What is the birth date of the actress who costarred in "King" with Arjan Bajwa and Nagarjuna Akkineni?
4 May 1983
What short and violent movement in 20th century art is attributed to photographer Friedl Kubelka?
Viennese Actionism
The Portsmouth Herald covers what area that had a population of 6,204 at the 2010 census?
Eliot
Silent Movie is a 1976 American satirical comedy film co-written, directed by, and starring an American actor, writer, producer, director, comedian, and composer who began his career as a comic and writer for what early TV variety show?
Your Show of Shows
Pet Shop Boys recorded a cover of the Brenda Lee track that was written by whom?
Johnny Christopher, Mark James and Wayne Carson
What clinical study during 1932 and 1972 involving African-American males was documented in a play that won 4 Emmy awards
Tuskegee syphilis experiment
The Edge of Evolution is by this American biochemist, author, and intelligent design (ID) advocate born in what year
1952
Which one of Canada's three Maritime provinces is The Back Bay Formation  a geologic formation in
New Brunswick
In what year was the pianist that released the album "Historicity" born?
1971
The person who hosted the 2nd IIFA Utsavam Awards Show with Nani received the National Film Award for co-producing "Bommalata – A Bellyful of Dreams" in what year?
2006
Which Won Shin-yun film inspired the Sanjay Gupta directed film Jazbaa?
Seven Days
Song for Someone is from what 2014 U2 studio album?
Songs of Innocence
On February 25, 2017 he lost to Jarrett Hurd for the International Boxing Federation light middleweight world title, the  fight was originally supposed to be a title eliminator for the right to fight Jermall Charlo, an American professional boxer who held the IBF light middleweight title from which year, to 2017?
2015
The Australian women's national soccer team represents Australia in international women's soccer at the senior level, the team's official nickname is the Matildas, their  best-known bush ballad, that has been described as the country's "unofficial national anthem", is titled?
Waltzing Matilda
Which magazine was published first, Arthur's Lady's Home Magazine or The Lady?
Arthur's Home Magazine
Hamish & Andy is an Australian comedo duo formed in part by the person whp also won what award for the Most Popular Personality on Australian Television?
Gold Logie Award
What actor played Doug Wilson on the series "Weeds" and starred in the television film "Principal Takes a Holiday"?
Kevin Nealon
A Dush-toh is a hair ornament traditionally worn by people of which nation that is a confederacy of several Southeastern Native American tribes?
Caddo
What BET award did the rapper who had a song appear in the video games "Need For Speed Underground 2", "Def Jam Rapstar" and "The Hip Hop Dance Experience" win multiple times?
Best Female Hip-Hop Artist
When was the band formed with which Erik Ronalso worked with and it's debut album released on 2005?
2004
The Almost Human game Legend of Grimrock is based on a 1987 video game developed by which company?
FTL Games
Who is the host of the reality television cooking competition where the prize is a head chef position at Pub & Grill? 
Gordon Ramsay
Which city is the metropolitan area that contains the Independent School League centered on?
Washington, D.C.
Ashley Riches and Roberto Alagna are what types of operatic singers, respectively?
operatic
Mystery Mansion is a 1983 family film starring an American actor with extensive work as what?
a voice actor
Which Georgia city has State Route 317 running through it?
Suwanee
English actor, Bill Stewart, starred in a 1996 American live-action comedy adventure film based on what? 
Walt Disney's animated 1961 movie adaptation of Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians."
What film did Aja direct and Desmond Askew star in?
The Hills Have Eyes
Iru Mugan stars the actress who has won which two awards for her work?
Filmfare Awards
Stephen Milne held the record for most games played by a player originaly drafted via the Rookie Draft which was surpassed in 2014 by someone who plays for who?
West Coast Eagles
Leeland Road station is a Virginia Railway Express station located at 275 Leeland Road in Stafford, Virginia, the station serves the Fredericksburg Line and shares the right-of-way with the Northeast Regional, a higher-speed rail service operated by who, in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States?
Amtrak
Jabalpur Airport and Indira Gandhi International Airport can be found in which country?
India
Which artist collaborated with Verse Simmons in the song "Man Down" ? 
Rihanna
Alvin C. York Institute was founded by a soldier from what branch of the military?
United States Army
The editor and executive Robert Walter co-founded the Joseph Campbell Foundation (JCF) with this dancer who was born in which year?
1916
Salisbury Woodland Gardens is in the east of the park on which coast near Lancashire?
Fylde
Which opera has more acts, Trial by Jury or Luisa Miller?
Luisa Miller
Who ghost-wrote the autobiography of the sacked English cricketer who was signed to the Rising Pune Supergiants for the 2016 season?
David Walsh
Monetae cudendae ratio is a paper on coinage by which Renaissance- and Reformation-era mathematician and astronomer who formulated a model of the universe that placed the Sun rather than the Earth at the center of the universe?
Nicolaus Copernicus
What character did Ty Treadway's "Soap Talk" co-host play on "Days of Our Lives"?
Billie Reed
Name the state where Polaris Industries, a manufacturer of the RMK series of snowmobiles powered by Two-stroke engines, are based?
Minnesota
Who worked in both film and television, Ken Russell or Ralph Ceder?
Henry Kenneth Alfred "Ken" Russell
The Discovery is an album by the band formed in what Chicago suburb?
Palatine
Wenger is a company that creates the types of knives that were first used after what period?
World War II
 I Stole a Million is a 1939 film written by an American author, screenwriter and what?
satirist
What island is represented by the breed of dog that killed Diane Alexis Whipple?
the island of Gran Canaria
What was the population in 2015 of the town nearest to the West Burton power stations ?
22,117
What is the name of the individual who introduces us to a scientist who is credited with the invention of the first capacitor in 1746?
Al-Khalili
Evans Notch and Pinkham Notch, are which type of location?
mountain pass
During which Chinese dynasty did this Chinese general, statesman and warlord had great influence, who was suspected of spreading rumours about infant-kidnapping by westerners in the late 19th century Korea?
Qing dynasty
The political magazine, in which David Weigel was a former journalist for, is based in what city?
New York City
In which city was this group formed that has the musician Patrick Keeler whose unreleased tracks were included in Acoustic Recordings 1998–2016?
Detroit, Michigan
The first single from "Break Up", a collaborative album between Pete Yorn and Scarlett Johansson, samples lyrics from a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was written by who?
Paul McCartney
Which of the following, Coiba or Nalanda, was an acclaimed "Mahavihara", a large Buddhist monastery in the ancient kingdom of Magadha ?
Nalanda
On which network did Paul Dellegatto get his broadcast meteorology start?
CBS
Do Barbarea and Conradina originate from different countries?
yes
Which  research university did  Josephine Ulrick Poetry Prize moved to from 2001 to 2003 
The University of Queensland
what is the nationality of the composer of String Quartet No. 7 ?
Czech
Which film starring Emily Watson had its soundtrack shaped by Peter Raeburn?
Breaking the Waves
Who completed Prokofiev's Cello Concertino with a Russian composer born in 1904?
Mstislav Rostropovich
Are Adim Williams and Elio Petri from the same country?
no
What province is King Saud Medical City in Saudi Arabia in?
Riyadh Province
Were Monte Melkonian and Tatev Abrahamyan both chess players?
no
What private railway company is based in an Italian city that had a population of 326,799 as of 2015?
Ferrotramviaria
William Frederick Truax was traded by the Los Angeles Rams to the Dallas Cowboys for a wide receiver who played college football at what university?
University of Oklahoma
As well as directing, who also had a career as an actor, Michael Dolan or William K. Howard?
Michael Dolan
Which Fox game show did the actor who played the taxi driver hostage from the film collateral go on to host?
Fox game show "Beat Shazam"
What is the alcohol content of a beer named after a city in Australia 4 km east of the Inn river?
4.9%
Lynda Bird Johnson Robb’s predessor as the oldest living child of a U.S. President was an ambassador to which county?
Belgium
What is the commonly known name of a German football player who provided the inspiration for a nickname of Flávio Sérgio Viana?
Toni Schumacher
What is the musical which has "The Rain in Spain" based on?
Pygmalion
What year was the rock supergroup formed that included the American guitarist, singer, songwriter, and performer born in 1953?
1989
The Klansman starred what American singer, dancer, and actress, who was born in 1942?
Loletha Elayne Falana
  "There She Goes Again" is a song by The Velvet Underground which first appeared on their 1967 debut album, "The Velvet Underground & Nico", recorded in what year while the group were featured on Andy Warhol's Exploding Plastic Inevitable multimedia event tour?
1966
What is the name of the Finch Family's famous relative who was the senior officer of the Royal Household in the United Kingdom?
Lord Chamberlain
What 1988 American film is directed by Roger Donaldson and casts Elisabeth Shue?
Cocktail
What was the release year of the sequel to the novel that T2 Trainspotting was based on?
2002
Which American real-estate holding company that rents out U.S. shopping malls is controlled by the family who have purchased an interest in Manchester United?
First Allied Corporation
Who besides Led Zeppelin has performed at Bath Festival of Blues and Progressive Music?
Pink Floyd
When was the building that has an American trumpeter whose nickname is Satchmo, Satch or Pops as a featured performer built?
1923
The author of "Empress Bianca" also wrote a 1992 New York Times best selling biography of what princess?
Diana, Princess of Wales
What is the North Indian equivalent to Kapi?
Pilu
What is the birthdate of this decorated American combat soldier of WWII, receiving the Meadl of Honor for valor and who starred in The Cimarron Kid?
20 June 1925
Nickerson Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, in which location of mountains, just south of the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States?
Ossipee Mountains
Who was the former chairman of a Venezuela-owned American refiner?
Nettie Marie Jones
 What American mathematician who made fundamental contributions to game theory, differential geometry, and the study of partial differential equations, had a film based on his the life called, A Beautiful Mind?
John Forbes Nash Jr.
Which court case took place first, Graham v. Florida or United States v. Windsor?
Graham v. Florida
Abdelhamid Abou Zeid in 2012 took control of an ancient city in Mali, situated 20 km north of what river?
Niger River
Which British fortification was a post of passage during a war launched in 1763 by a loose confederation of elements of Native American tribes, primarily from the Great Lakes region?
Fort Ligonier
While both are musicians; which artist is also a dancer, actor and model, Yang Seung-ho or David Vincent?
Yang Seung-ho
What female author whose works are known to interpret, critique and comment upon the British landed gentry at the end of the 18th century is related to Eliza, Comtesse de Feuillide?
Jane Austen
The star of Splatter in also the lead singer for what rock band?
Truth Movement
What is the name of the Pizza chain in Maine, Pat's Pizza or Discovery Zone?
Pat's Pizza
Janis Paige, the actress who starred alongside Wayne Morris in the 1949 film "The House Across the Street", was born in what year?
1922
Which United States Marine Corps aviator preceded United States Navy Commander Scott Carpenter as one of the first Americans in space?
John Glenn
What other well known movie has the star of Gerald been in?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding
Aurelio's Pizza and Cottage Inn Pizza, are which type restaurant?
pizza
A Room with a View takes place in what period of British history, that covers the brief reign of King Edward VII?
Edwardian era
"UnIndian" stars an Australian cricketer whose quickest delivery, recorded in a test match, was how fast?
161.8 km/h
What was the name of the professional wrestling tag team composed of Glenn Gilbertti and Alex Wright?
The Dancing Fools
Which species of flowering plant is named after a Greek philosopher, Mutisia or Aristotelia?
Aristotelia
Háry János and Fedora, are which type of dramatic play?
opera
In which magazine was the short story, on which the film Disciples of the Crow is loosely based, first published ?
Penthouse
The subject of Smuel W. Rowse's lithograph was a slave of what state?
Virginia
 My Santa is a 2013 television film starring Samaire Armstrong and an actor known for what role on the sitcom "Boy Meets World"?
Jack Hunter
Which genus has more species, Eomecon or Epipactis?
Epipactis
Charles Frederick Biggs was born on an island with what population as of the 2010 census?
10,172
What is the meaning of the name of the BAFTA-winning Charlotte Sieling film?
"The Castle"
Which American animated sitcom premiered in 2015 and was created by animator Daniel Chong?
We Bare Bears
When was the team that won the 1981-82 Turkish First Football League championship founded?
1903
The Other Side was released by the band founded in what year?
2002
Meadowbrook State Parkway intersects what Nassau County parkway?
Loop Parkway
Are  Mamoru Oshii and James Glickenhaus both the same nationality?
no
The Mann Center for the Performing Arts presened what American singer-songwriter born in 1972?
Jill Scott
Maroo Entertainment Co., Ltd., is a South Korean independent record label and entertainment agency, it is currently home to which artist, a South Korean singer, actor and TV personality, and was initially part of the Korean duo Turbo?
Kim Jong-kook
Are the movies Boogie and Monsters vs. Aliens both 3D animated films?
yes
The first location of The House of Blues was opened by the co-star of the movie directed by whom?
John Landis
Which party princesses fictional character is voiced by Eva Bella?
Queen Elsa of Arendelle
"Nature abhors a vacuum" or Horror vacui was challenged by this mathematician and engineer from Alexandria whose work represents what type of scientific tradition?
Hellenistic scientific tradition
Lonny Price best known for his creation of the role of Charley Kringas in a Broadway musical based on a play by George S. Kaufman and what other man?
Moss Hart
In which month was Laura Lopes's father born?
December
Did the documentaries Tar Creek and Hot Girls Wanted focus on different events?
yes
Where was the identical twin brother of Horace Grant traded to after the 1992-93 season?
Portland Trail Blazers
Ringer is the name of an American television series that initially aired on The CW from September 13, 2011 to April 17, 2012 featuring Justin Bruening as what character?
Tyler Berrett
Anna Nikitichna Mikhalkova leads what television program that translates to "Good Night, Little Ones!"? 
Spokoynoy nochi, malyshi!
What shape are the games that are similar to My Little Flufties?
egg-shaped
What do Paul Weller and Steven Wilson have in common?
musician
What British book retailer featured Maggie O'Farrell in "25 Authors for the Future."?
Waterstones
Which French actress has a younger brother who is a Distinguished Professor and A.G. and M.E. Owen Chair of Mathematics at a coeducational public research university in College Station, Texas, United States?
Marie-France Pisier
What country of origin does Erskine Caldwell and Arthur Miller have in common?
American
Who else besides Prince Carl of Denmark did Gustav Borngen take portraits of?
Henrik Ibsen and Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, and numerous cabinet ministers, members of parliament, writers and artists, and members of upper bourgeois families.
Which of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World contained a hemihekte in its foundation?
Temple of Artemis
Who was a producer who produced albums for both rock bands Juke Karten and Thirty Seconds to Mars?
Brian Virtue
Which 2002 American psychological thriller drama film was written by the writer of the screenplay for the Steven Soderbergh's film "Traffic"?
Abandon
How many Australian campuses are in the university in which Central Hall is part of?
seven
During what years was the English Royal House, that was at one point ruled by King Henry VII, in reign? 
1485 until 1603
What team featured the player nicknamed Jose by the Japanese Marlins player?
Orix Buffaloes
Between Victor Sjöström and Sally Field, who began their career on several television shows between 1965 and 1974?
Sally Margaret Field
Does the Cryptotaenia or Barbarea genus have more species?
Barbarea
What was the Pune locality where the palace that was the center of Indian politics in the 18th century called under Muslim rule?
Murujabad/Murtuzabad
What category would both X-COM and Gnip Gnop fall under?
game
What current structure was built in 1593 by Clan Barclay, that has a a musician, with links to Fairport Convention and Matthews' Southern Comfort residing there?
Towie Barclay Castle
Prime Minister and I starred the singer and actress who debuted in what group?
Girls' Generation
What is the nationality of the striker who scored 19 league goals for Blackburn Rovers in the 2007-08 season ?
Paraguayan
London Pride is the flagship beer of a brewery founded in what year?
1845
Where did the second son of Dr. Caesar Adelmare and Mary I of England live?
England and Ireland
In what county would one find the benefactor of Benjamin Thompson's Warner Farm legacy?
Strafford County
The nationall park where much of the film "Seminole" was shot is visited by an average of how many people a year?
one million
When did the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based promotion that Damien Kane is best known for close?
April 2001
What is the name of an agreement signed by Canada, Mexico, and the United States, creating a trilateral trade bloc in North America similar to the European Union(EU)? 
North American Free Trade Agreement
The Aurora Encounter is a film based on an incident that occurred on what date?
April 17, 1897
To which band does the actress belong, who starred with Lee Sang-woo in the film All About My Mum ?
S.E.S..
Léon Bollendorff served as échevin on the communal council of the capital city of what country?
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Altona City SC are an Australian association football (soccer) club from Altona, Victoria, where notable illumnus Jason Davidson now plays for what club?
Rijeka
What port city and administrative center is several hours of ride from Nemetsky Peninsula?
Murmansk
are Kenneth Clark and Carol Shields both nationals of English speaking countries ?
yes
How many albums has the band, whose lead singer sang the chorus on the single Magic in 2010, sold ?
9.2 million
How many epsiodes , including the 280th will be in the season of South Park where Holdiay Special is an episode?
ten
Are both Ptarmigan and Tom Mine and Leckie Mine located in Canada?
yes
Which popular music style was a modification of the marches from "The March King" with heavy influences from African American communities?
Ragtime
Which production company produced the 2012 British film scored by Marco Edward Beltrami?
Hammer Film Productions
When was a choral composition by a man born 24 September 1945 first published?
1978
What is the birthdate of this American dancer and choreographer of modern dance, who helped found the Joseph Campbell Foundation with Robert Walter?
February 20, 1916
In 2015, how many people could have read Wings of China?
90 million
What record does George Burns share with a member of the St. Louis Cardinals?
runs scored
What was part of the Savanna Military Reservation was is now located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River?
Savanna Army Depot
Michalakis Zambellas is the General Manager of a multinational professional services network headquartered in what city?
London
Corey Parker Robinson, is an American actor, he appeared in which 2000 HBO drama television miniseries based on the nonfiction book "" (1997) by David Simon and Ed Burns, as R.C., a young drug dealer?
The Corner
The most active Pacific hurricane season on record produced a late season hurricane that struck what country in October?
Mexico
The male lead of the show Singer & Sons was nominated for Emmy Awards how many times? 
five times
Deadsoul Tribe includes a song that was from which 1998 black comedy film?
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
Who served at the record office of the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the 1800's?
John James Bond
For what MLB team does the player who was the series MVP in the 2006 Asia Series play ?
Los Angeles Dodgers
What river is located 5 miles east of Terrington St Clement?
River Nene
Which Norwegian comedy duo consisting of brothers Vegard and Bård Ylvisåker sang "I Will Never Be a Star"
Ylvis
What British video game developer developed the game World Rally Championship?
Traveller's Tales
Who hold the record of being the only driver to ever win the street circuit event held in one of China's Special Administrative Regions in which both car and motorcycle races are held?
Felix Rosenqvist
Which fictional character in the drama "Passions," was originated by the actor of Ben Smith on "It's Always Sunny in Philidelphia?"
Ethan Winthrop
In which month of 1964 was Middleton Island raised 12 ft above sea level?
March
Goddess, an Australian romantic comedy film staring Magda Szubanski, was released in what year?
2013
] "The Self Banished" is a poem by a writer born in what year?
1606
The army in which the 101st Jäger Division was a light infantry Division for in WWII dissolved in what year?
1946
Constance Ortmayer designed the coin that was first struck in what year?
1936
The Lithuanian Electricity Organization was established to raise funds for the construction of a power plant to bebuilt at the site of what closed power plant?
Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant
Singapore Airlines uses which visual advertising slogan as a corporate brand?
Singapore Girl
What Disney film starring Damion Poitier and Cuba Gooding Jr. was released in 2002?
Snow Dogs
William Shakespeare's 1602 tragedy inspired the BBC TV to produce a movie in what year?
1954
Are Taxus and Galanthus in the same family?
no
The footballer that scored the winning goal at the 2008 Toulon Tournament played what position?
forward
Who wrote the film, based on a novel by Stephen King, in which  Polish-American actor and comedian Robert Prosky appeared  in 1983?
Bill Phillips
John G Gunderson is the director at the Borderline Centre at McLean Hospital, Belmont, Massachusett, but what was the hospital formally known as?
Somerville Asylum and Charlestown Asylum
Who is older, Caroline Wozniacki or Jared Palmer?
Jared Eiseley Palmer
"Wizboy" is the first episode of the first season of the animated television series "Fanboy & Chum Chum", an American 3D CGI animated television series created by Eric Robles for which organization?
Nickelodeon
What country considers the female artist featured in the Far East Movement's fifith studio album, Idenity, to best rapper of her sex?
Korea
In what city in the United States would you find The Nassau County Museum of Art and the Astolat Dollhouse Castle?
New York City
What profession does Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Gaetano Donizetti have in common?
composer
Zebilla is in Bawku West district which is one of how many districts? 
nine
What Romanian soprano was trained by Evans Mirageas?
Angela Gheorghiu
Which university is older, University of South Alabama or Youngstown State University?
Youngstown State University
Slipknot frontman Corey Taylor released Bother as solo artist before it was released on what band's self-titled debut album?
Stone Sour
The Canadian astrophysicist born in 1943 won the 2015 Nobel prize in physics for his discovery of what phenomenon? 
neutrino oscillation
In which year is the American convicted kidnapper eligible for parole, whose story is covered in the 2009 American documentary film written and directed by Joshua Zeman?
2037
If a high school student told you they were from a town whose population was 83 in 2010 and that they currently were enrolled at Plymouth Regional High School, what would you say their school colors must be?
navy blue and white
In which district of San Francisco is the structure that Walter S. Johnson famously contributed to preserve?
Marina District
Kathleen Jessie Raine, was a British poet, critic and scholar, writing in particular on W. B. Yeats, died in which year, he was an Irish poet and one of the foremost figures of 20th century literature?
1939
Which of the following is a New York based monthly music and lifestyle magazine: Inked or Global Rhythm?
Global Rhythm
Are Astilboides and Callicarpa in the same family?
no
How many times is magazine, for which Lillian Ross was a staff writer, published annually ?
47 times
What was the population at the 2010 census of the village where the historic house "The Maples" is located?
2,657
Which plant has hanging groups of tube-shaped flowers, Moltkia or Saguaro?
Moltkia
Which best selling Electronic Arts' Sports series features She's Got Me Dancing?
FIFA 10
In what city did Thomas F. McGovern go to University?
Lubbock, Texas
The McNamara Line was an operational strategy employed by the United States in 1966–1968 during the Vietnam War to prevent infiltration of South Vietnam by NVA forces from North Vietnam and Laos, the sophisticated electronic surveillance was backed with assorted types of mines, named "the barrier system" by Robert Strange McNamara, was an American business executive and the eighth Secretary of Defense, serving from 1961 to what year?
1968
What Indian actress starred in a six part British drama miniseries called Guerrilla?
Freida Pinto
For which conflict did the Canadian Government award the Canada General Service Medal for attacks by an Irish Republican organization based in the United States against British army forts and custom posts in Canada?
Fenian raids
Scanners and The 1975, are bands of which genre?
rock
When was the American World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist born who was involved with the High Fives Foundation? 
March 9, 1984
Robert Hayden and Anne Tyler, are of which nationality?
American
What town near Walt Disney World Resort did Michael Krassa do work on regarding the interactions between humans and their environments?
Celebration, Florida
Which of the following poets was one of Mexico's most important literary voices in the last century: Rosario Castellanos or Gore Vidal?
Rosario Castellanos Figueroa
What type of gesture does Minority languages of Austria and Austrian State Treaty have in common?
signed
What is Australia's most densely-populated state which also includes the Glenloth locality located approximately 121 km from the regional centre of Bendigo?
Victoria
What star of the film It Started In Naples played leading man in more than 60 motion pictures?
Clark Gable
Are Robert Altman and Djibril Diop Mambéty both film directors?
yes
Emory University and Washington and Lee University are both what kind of university?
private
Who directed the British romantic drama film which Life in a... Metro general plot and a number of characters are based on 
David Lean
which location has 28,549 people, according to the 2010 census ,and is where Interlink publishing is based?
Northampton, Massachusetts
Which post-punk band inspired by the Sex Pistol's was formed in the second-most populous urban area in the United Kingdom?
Crispy Ambulance
TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was a wrestling event featuring which American wrestler and rapper in the main event?
John Felix Anthony Cena
the Atlantic Coast Conference consisted of 14 members in two divisions with the Coastal Division consisting of a football team led by eighth-year head coach Paul Johnson who played their home games at what stadium?
Bobby Dodd Stadium
The cathedral that was the home of the organs Dirk Andries Flentrop restored in 1977 was built in sections between what years? 
1573 to 1813
Are Marshall Neilan and Nikos Nikolaidis both American?
no
Renditions was an album by the English actress who performs under what name?
Slow Moving Millie
The 2017 Dallas Cowboys were the 29th season under the ownership of which American businessman?
Jerral Wayne Jones Sr.
What was the population in 2011 of the district in which the civil parish of Mellor is located ?
57,132
Do both Vic Fuentes and Pete Burns play on separate pop bands?
no
Which writer is Canadian, Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni or Margaret Atwood?
Margaret Eleanor Atwood
What is the English platwright whose texts are the basis for Faust?
Christopher Marlowe
Where did Jorge Ahumada have a title bout with "The Deputy Sheriff"?
Madison Square Garden
Which mountain peak, Kangchenjunga or Passu Sar, is the third highest in the world?
Kangchenjunga
Which, or both, games requires throwing a single die to move a player token: Colt Express or Ludo?
Ludo
What is the British optical retail chain which has Darren Kennedy as a brand ambassador called? 
Specsavers
In between Giorgio Ferroni and Gary Sherman who is the director of "Death Line, Dead & Buried"?
Gary Sherman
What do Ibn al-Shatir and Ibn Tufail have in common?
astronomer
Which 2013 highest ranking wooden roller coaster was built in Ohio?
Blue Streak
New Street, a principal thoroughfare and shopping street, and Grand Central shopping centre, are located in what town?
Birmingham, England
What city is home to both Vytenis Jasikevičius and the National Basketball League?
Lithuania
in what year did one of the stars of Legal Entanglement win Miss Asia?
1990
Oksana Grishuk had a partnership with an ice dancer who won at the Olympics how many times?
two-time
What collection of papers by a Russian-British social and political theorist appeared in 1969?
"Four Essays on Liberty"
What song was released as the lead song of tje black eyed6 peas fith album the e.n.d. and was number 1 in the Billboard hot 100?
Boom Boom Pow
Baknaffek samples a song by the impresario who was of what nationality?
English
Is the Taigan or the Estonian Hound considered a scent hound?
Estonian Hound
Dan in Real Life stars a British-American actor who also played what character on "Frasier"?
Martin Crane
Silver Lining was recorded for the film directed by whom?
David O. Russell
Li Fanghua is an editor of what peer reviewed journal of physics?
Chinese Journal of Physics
Which musician is older, Wil Francis or Billy Idol?
Billy Idol
Which other name is the crime The Black Mafia is accused of that involves a form of illegal gambling?
the numbers racket
Beady Eye and Minutemen, have what in common?
rock band
What musical, directed by the recipient of the 2015 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer, is about a White Supremacy rock duo making their way to the top of the music charts?
White Noise
Who was the first editor of the Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History at Towson University?
Patricia W. Romero
Who collaborated with David Gibb to do an advertising campaign for the company formerly known as the Bozeat Boot Company?
Elly lucas
What film directed by Alfred Hitchcock in 1963 had a sequel made for television in 1994?
The Birds
A notable rookie from the 2002 AFL draft was drafted due to which rule?
father–son rule
What was the profession of the person by who's name a memoir exists and the film "Stronger" is made?
author
What Italian pop music duo stared in the 1968 film L'oro del mondo directed by Aldo Grimaldi?
Al Bano and Romina Power
Which company produced both the movie Cinderella and the movie The Wild Country.
Walt Disney Pictures
Which German association football club that Karl-Heinz Ripkens played for plays in the city of Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia?
Fortuna Köln
Unitarian Sarah Fuller Flower Adams wrote what hymn based on the story of Jacob's dream?
"Nearer, My God, to Thee"
What is the full name of the singer/writer that had their songs music video reach three billion viewers?
Luis Alfonso Rodríguez López-Cepero
What do Al-Nayrizi and Avicenna have in common?
astronomers
Which animated super hero film,The Incredibles or Big Hero 6, is directed by Brad Bird?
The Incredibles
Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily, was the last Holy Roman Empress and the first Empress of Austria by marriage to who, that was the last Holy Roman Emperor, ruling from 1792 until 6 August 1806, when he dissolved the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation after the decisive defeat at the hands of the First French Empire led by Napoleon at the Battle of Austerlitz?
Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor
Who directed the 1978 film that Barry Spikings produced, and that won five Academy Awards?
Michael Cimino
In the film "Royal Flash" Florinda Bolkan played the role of a dancer born in what year?
1821
CNN International (CNNI), simply referred to on the channel as CNN, is an international 24-hour English language cable, satellite, IPTV and digital terrestrial television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner, Inc, an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered, in which city?
New York City
"Pushing Hands", the green-card romantic comedy "The Wedding Banquet" and "Eat Drink Man Woman" were the first three features by which film director?
Ang Lee
Woolworth Building and 750 7th Avenue, are in which city?
New York City
The current manager of Lithuania's National Football Team played its first match in which year?
1923
what does Tianmen and Heshan, Guangdong have in common?
China
Hans Schlegel and Philippe Perrin, have which occupation in common?
astronaut
Which train runs non stop between Hebden Bridge and a railway station serving the town of Burnley, Lancashire, England?
Copy Pit line
Did Aram Avakian direct more films than Millard Webb ?
no
Nick Houghton was replaced as Chief of the Defence Staff by a man who was deployed to what country in 2000?
Kosovo
Which promotional single from Taylor Swift's "Red" album is about falling in love after a failed relationship?
Begin Again
Which American film cinematographer and director, has been a five time Academy Award nominee, and has had some works executivly produced by Vincent Arcaro?
Caleb Deschanel
Growing Pains is the title of who's autobiography, a British singer, dancer and actress from Swindon, England?
Billie Paul Piper
Pasek and Paul had their original song featured and won a Golden globe in this 2016 American musical written by who
Damien Chazelle
Did both Cocteau Twins and The Dream Academy have a multi-instrumentalist?
yes
What does John Middleton Murry and T. S. Eliot have in common?
English
The Slender Man (also known as Slenderman) is a fictional supernatural character that originated as a creepypasta Internet meme, an activity, concept, catchphrase or piece of media which spreads, often as mimicry or for humorous purposes, from person to person via the Internet, created by which Something Awful forums user, also known as "Victor Surge"?
Eric Knudsen
Pasek and Paul are a duo that won an Academy Award for the song that was performed by whom in La La Land?
Ryan Gosling
What location in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan was home to Pool E of the Second Round of the 2017 World Baseball Classic?
Tokyo Dome
Tyler Asemota went to the same high school as the outfielder for which Major League Baseball team?
Miami Marlins
Yahya Abdul-Mateen II starred in what 2017 action comedy film?
Baywatch
What Australian actress played the lead role in the 2013 American film based on Isaac Marion's novel of the same name?
Teresa Mary Palmer
Death of a Gentleman included interviews with the batsman who currently plays for what Big Bash League team?
Melbourne Stars
What year was the choreographer of Liza with a Z born?
1927
Dan Stevens stars as a fictional superhero who is the muton son of Professor Charles Xavier and who?
Gabrielle Haller
Who was born earlier, Hermann Hesse or Sharon Kay Penman?
Hermann Karl Hesse
The Symes Hotel is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
544
Was Nick Heyward a better guitarist than Yeo Hoon-min?
yes
On which team the cousin of the South African cricketer who is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler plays?
Griqualand West
Operation Soberanía was a planned invasion due to a conflict over the possession of what islands?
Picton, Lennox and Nueva islands
What award was the creator of Gandalf nominated for? 
Carnegie Medal
In which year was Stephen F. Cohen's wife born?
1959
KOFI is an Oldies music and News/Talk radio station located in what  county seat of Flathead County, Montana, United States?
Kalispell
What notable Italian artist and writer founded the "scuola metafisica" art movement and painted The Nostalgia of the Infinite?
Giorgio de Chirico
The Y platform, or Y body, designation has been used twice by the General Motors Corporation, the first was for a group of entry-level compacts including the conventional front-engine compacts built by GM divisions Buick, Oldsmobile and Pontiac from 1961 to which year?
1963
Who founded the magazine who recreated Sharon Stone's "Basic Instinct" scene with Barbara Palvin in 2016?
Katie Grand
Lenos is the Swiss publisher that featured the author born on 23 May 1908 and who died on what day?
15 November 1942
Zingo! and Mikado, is a type of which kind item?
game
How many total books were there in the series containing the Wood between the Worlds?
seven
What is the second-busiest airport in the state, after Logan International Airport due to intense corporate travel to and from the island in the busy summer months, Provincetown Municipal Airport or Nantucket Memorial Airport ? 
Nantucket Memorial Airport
Who is Bugsy Siegel's friend and fellow gangster whose employee was murdered by Siegel in 1939?
Meyer Lansky
What is the main topic of these excerpts, Education or War?
Education
Which Jordanian-American real estate developer of Palestinian origin participated in Olympic Games representing Jordan?
Mohamed Hadid
When was the actor who played the War Doctor born?
22 January 1940
Monte Amundsen appeared in a Broadway musical with an actress who died in what year?
1992
Worker: The 2015 Canadian documentary film directed by Matthew Smiley and narrated by Nathan Fillion focuses on this notorious series of murders and disappearances of aboriginal women in British Columbia on this section of which highway?
Highway 16
Which plant is known as a flowering plant and has columnar stems, Goodyera or Bamboo?
bamboos, to be columnar rather than tapering
The stand-up of comedian Ryan Hamilton has been featured on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", the second iteration of the "Late Show" franchise of which network?
CBS
When was the computer-animated short comedy film based on the film "Over the Hedge" by Will Finn directed?
2006
Omni Group's DICT client differs from the application known as Dictionary, developed by what company as part of macOS?
Apple Inc.
WEGQ is licensed to a village with what population as of the 2010 census?
967
What historical event has Bothwell Castle, the location of the Uddingston RFC, had a key role in?
Scotland's Wars of Independence
Both Liam Smith and Stephen Smith are considered what?
British professional boxer
Which genus has a larger number of members when comparing between Gymnocladus and Mucuna?
Mucuna
Babatunde Gwandoya has been a Nigerian football agent since which year, during his career, he has managed some of the largest stars of African football, including Salomon Kalou?
1993
The Washington Monthly and Electronic Design are both made in what Country?
USA
Whose birthday falls closer to the end of the calendar year, Kenji Miyamoto or Yuzuru Hanyu?
Yuzuru Hanyu
What is the middle name of the character played by Harper Page Marshall in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series?
Jean
What is the nickname of the Jeff Bridge's character that shares a surname with actress Tara Reid's character in the same film?
The Dude
Manulife Plaza  is an office skyscraper located on an island that as of 2008 had how many inhabitanrs ?
1,289,500
Which quarterly academic journal was owned by a leading global financial services firm from 2004 to 2013?
Journal of Applied Corporate Finance
The coach of the 2017 Houston Texans coached which team from 2012 to 2013?
Penn State
Mister Magoo stars an actor who provided the voice of what character on "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show"?
Boris Badenov
Which band has more members, Broken Social Scene or Daniel Amos?
Broken Social Scene
What is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows?
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2
What famous film helped popularize the music album Tubular Bells created by a musician named after an asteroid?
The Exorcist
Who died more recently, Salvatore Naturale, or John Cazale?
John Cazale
What movie special effect is defined by an object is moved in small increments between individually photographed frames, creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames is played and is featured at Special Effects Stage attraction at Universal Studios Hollywood?
Stop motion
Dexter Scott King, born January 30, 1961, is the brother of what oldest living child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King?
Martin Luther King III
What companies vessels did the man played by Bernard Hill in Titanic serve as master on
White Star Line
 Lapine is a fictional language created for a novel published by who?
Rex Collings Ltd of London
Who was the founder of the company that manufactures agricultural,construction, forest machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment?
Hans Walter Becherer
What role did Retta play in Parks and Recreation?
Donna Meagle
What Frank Loesser song was covered on Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album?
Baby, It's Cold Outside
"Simpsons Already Did It" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 86th episode of the series overall, which main character in the Comedy Central series "South Park"?
Kyle Broflovski
In what year did Craig Ball record the sound track for a comedy film based on a 1930's comic strip? 
1990
Which was created later, "Punk's Not Dead" or "Art Is... The Permanent Revolution"?
Art Is... The Permanent Revolution
Alhfrith was King of Deira under his father, who was King of Bernicia following the death of which brother in 642?
Oswald
What is the year of the event which occured first, Crystal Waters was released, or Dennis Rodman was born?
1961
What pizza place was ranked in The trade magazine "Pizza Today" in their Top 100 pizza franchises for 2007,  Vocelli Pizza or Donatos Pizza?
Vocelli Pizza
Which store located in the Gateway Fashion Mall is currently in bankruptcy liquidation?
Hancock Fabrics
When was the low-brow art magazine of which George Petros was a contributing editor of founded?
1994
What do Pan Anzi and Charles Jarrott have in common?
director
Who was the director of the 1998 film that is a live performance of the actor who voiced Sid the Sloth in the animated "Ice Age" films?
Spike Lee
Who directed the film where Jefferson Brown played Michael?
Duane Adler
Cart and Cwidder is a fantasy novel for young adults by an author born in which year ?
1934
What is the third blue state with a Democratic stronghold other than California and New York?
Illinois
Which Chilean professional footballer for Bayern Munich and the Chile national team endorses the Mercurial Vapor boot?
Arturo Vidal
What is the name of the American author, daughter of film star Bette Davis?
B. D. Hyman
What was the 2016 estimated population of the city DigHayZoose is from?
481,420
Where do Magical Halloween type games originate?
Japan
Which mountain is higher, Chamlang in Nepal, or the notoriously craggy "Ogre", Baintha Brakk in Pakistan?
Chamlang
What film stars Will Smith as police officer, and Happy Anderson as a human who works for the FBI's magic division?
Bright
Bonanza Gift Shop is located between a hotel located north of which Boulevard?
Las Vegas Boulevard
Who owned the American music publishing company to which  Extreme Music/Bleeding Fingers was a  production arm?
Sony through Sony Entertainment
Athletics West was a team formed by the co-founder of what company?
Nike, Inc.
In which city is the Science Fiction Studies journal published?
Greencastle, Indiana
Verdoy Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at a hamlet located just south of where?
Latham
Ancient Egypt was an ancient civilization of eastern North Africa, concentrated along the northern reaches of the Nile River in Egypt, its history occurred in a series of stable "kingdoms", separated by periods of relative instability known as "intermediate periods", the history of ancient Egypt spans the period from the early prehistoric settlements of the northern Nile valley to the Roman conquest, in what year?
30 BC
Which studio produced the original 1995 movie for the film franchise on which Lego Toy Story was based on?
Pixar Animation Studios
Could Cult, the experimental indie rock band from Minnesota released their 10th album in 2010 entitled what?
Light Chasers
What animated creatures were the title characters of the film which was based one of the most frequently performed plays written by William Shakespeare early in his career?
seals
Which documentary film was released first, Soldier Girls or The 11th Hour?
Soldier Girls
A Faust Symphony in three character pictures, was written by Hungarian composer Franz Liszt and was inspired by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's drama, "Faust", a tragic play in how many parts?
two
Pēteris Dzelzītis fought for the Latvian partisans during which armed struggle against Soviet rule that spanned for 1944 until the mid-1950s?
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states
The head coach of a football team that plays their home games at Gibbs Stadium represents a college with an enrollment of how may students?
1,550
Both The Rubens and Royal Blood produced what type of music?
rock
When was the English actor who featured in Girls At Sea born 
14 January 1926
In what American film did Scott Shepherd appear in which starred Jude Law and Catherine Zeta-Jones co-star as psychiatrists?
Side Effects
The Youth in Music championship is held in the stadium that was built on the site of what former stadium?
Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome
McKayla Maroney was part of what team during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London?
The Fierce Five
In which year was this former Australian footballer who played for the Collingwood Football Club and who is an older brother of the Australian rules footballer Robbie Tarrant born?
1980
Arya is starting to appear as a name after the character in the novel series created by whom?
George R. R. Martin
Bull Terrier and Coton de Tulear, breeds of what?
dog
The anthraquinone process was developed by a German chemical company with a capital located in which city?
Ludwigshafen
Batman's Hill was named after which leading member of the Port Phillip Association?
John Batman
Which processional racing driver was born on June 13, 1973 and worked alongside Adam Ferrara in an American television series?
Tanner Foust
Dusty Wathan played catcher for what American professional baseball team that was founded as an expansion franchise in 1969?
Kansas City Royals
The vocals of Ice Cream Spiritual have drawn comparisons to a singer who was married to what member of the Beatles?
John Lennon
Ermal Cleon "Ernie" Fraze was an engineer who assembled novelties for what American brand of snack that consisted of molasses-flavored, caramel-coated popcorn and peanuts?
Cracker Jack
It's a Small World and The Apple Dumpling Gang, have which related organization in common?
Walt Disney
The Y2K EP was released in 1999 by a Massachusetts band formed in which year ?
1990
In 2010, what was the census of the town in which Marjorie Spock passed away in. 
1,236
Which movie came out first Make Mine Music or Savage Sam ?
Make Mine Music
When was Pearl Jam's studio album preceding Riot Act released?
May 16, 2000
What occupational similarity do Susan Oliver and Louis Leterrier have?
director
What former American Major League Baseball (MLB) left-handed pitcher was the focus of a best-selling 2005 biography, written by Jane Leavy, an award-winning American former sportswriter and feature writer for the Washington Post?
Sanford Koufax
The twin sister of Brie Bella currently competes on what tv show?
"Dancing with the Stars"
What is the nationality of the actor who played the role of Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby?
British
What is one of the athletic teams of Stony Brook University, located in the west campus and limited to the east by the Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium?
Stony Brook University Track
Frank Oz voices which character in the fictional band Dr. Teeth and The Electrical Mayhem from "The Muppet Show"?
Animal
Who wrote the play where Joanna Horton appeared as Helena?
William Shakespeare
Mile Smodlaka a Croatian water polo player who competed in what in 2008?
2008 Summer Olympics
Film producer Robert B. Radnitz produced "Sounder" and what other 1974 adaptation of a novel set in North Carolina?
Where the Lilies Bloom
Which mountain is higher, Masherbrum or Khunyang Chhish?
Khunyang Chhish
What is the position of the person in The Journey?
deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland
Nico Constantine has worked with what Atlanta Gergia rock band?
Biters
What was the 1978 BBC musical drama serial that Rosemary Martin acted in?
Pennies From Heaven
The Schumacher Nitro 21 XT-R 3E is powered by what organic compound with the chemical formula CH3NO2?
Nitromethane
Electoral distric of Heysen includes the town of Bridgewater, which is located where?
south-east of Adelaide in South Australia.
Are Danny Shirley and Charlie Harper both in country rock bands?
no
Where does the first movie that Garry Elmendorf worked on take place in?
Clairton, Pennsylvania
are Patrick Stump and G.O both singer-songwriters ?
yes
Which band has more members, Peter Bjorn and John or The Pretty Reckless?
The Pretty Reckless
Which game was published under the name Chivalry, Kill Doctor Lucky or Camelot?
Camelot
The holiday celbrated halfway betwee summer and Autumn Equinox, falls under the umbrella term naming days such at it, Candlemas, and what other two names "Quarter Days"?
Whitsunday and Martinmas
Who is the author that wrote "Bared to You" and sometimes writes under the name Livia Dare?
Sylvia Day
How did the composer of the second single from "Loud" begin her career?
a back up singer for R&B superstars Keith Sweat and Aaliyah
Which film drama did Nancy Reagan star in?
Shadow in the Sky
The Apple Thunderbolt Display replaced an LED display that was sold by Apple between what year and 2011?
1999
Hollywood Rose was an American hard rock group co-formed by an American musician that has been the lead singer of what band since 2016?
AC/DC
Who made an unsuccessful bid to fill the US Senate seat vacated by the Senate Majority Leader from 2003 to 2007?
Harold Eugene Ford Jr.
In what year was the actor who portrayed Rhett Butler in "Gone with the Wind" born?
1901
Cecil Brown's book "Suez to Singapore" describes the sinking of a battlecruiser built during what war?
First World War
"Kill Kill" is a song written by American singer-songwriter Elizabeth Grant released originally under the stage name "Lizzy Grant" in which year, and "Lana Del Ray in 2010?
2008
Matt Asiata started nine games in the 2014 season after the suspension of a running back who played college football at what school?
Oklahoma
Eiríksstaðir is the former homestead of Eiríkr Þorvaldsson, known as Erik the Red, in Haukadalur in the Dalasýsla region of Iceland, It was the birthplace of his son, which Norse explorer from Iceland, and the first known European discoverer of the Americas?
Leif Erikson
Which has more square feet, 55 Hudson Yards or Manhattan West?
Manhattan West
Who is the American world boxing champion thatwho met with  Sammy Angott?
Henry Armstrong
Who was the chief rider at a traditional riding school for Lipizzan horses in the 1900s?
Ernst Lindenbauer
Laura Ingalls Wilder and Robert Ruark, is which nationality?
American
Are Jimmy Connors and Juan Sebastián Cabal both tennis players?
yes
What Barbadian singer sang a song that gained Aaron Waisglass recognition as a trap artist?
Rihanna
Padmanav Bordoloi and Papon are both from what state of India?
Assam
What game that was based on the cartoon series "Widget the World Watcher" was made for a 16-bit home video game console that was released in 1990?
Widget
What state is the company of which James J Mureen is the CEO recently developing?
Massachusetts
What year was the film produced that Diana Körner is probably most known for?
1975
the 1961 crime drama film "The Sinister Urge" was written and directed by a director who passed away on which day ?
December 10, 1978
Which park, Picos de Europa National Park or Caldera de Taburiente National Park is on an island?
Caldera de Taburiente National Park
What is the birthdate of this Danish former professional boxer who held the IBO heavyweight title and who worked with Mogens Palle?
1 April 1965
What location is 30 miles south of Cape Cod, and was where Henry Paddack was a member of the Board of Selectmen?
Nantucket, Massachusetts
What state did both Alecko Eskandarian and Lili Chookasian work in? 
New York
Who was the 2nd year head coach of the team who played against Florida State in the 101st Rose Bowl?
Mark Helfrich
When did the Dutch rapper of Moroccan descent who returned as a coach in The Voice of Holland born? 
16 October 1981
Which country shares borders with Zambia, Angola, and Botswana and is the birthplace of Martin van Niekerk?
Namibia
Jules Dassin and Adrian Lyne, have which mutual occupations?
film director, writer, and producer
Are Bleeker and The Golden Seals both Canadian rock bands ?
yes
Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk High School is a high school in the village in what New York county?
Albany
Which museum has educational and scientific programs, and has gotten donations from Marshall Field?
Field Museum of Natural History
which star of The Art of Self-Defense also appeared in 28 weeks later ?
Imogen Poots
What is the name of the stadium where the 2020 Summer Olympics commonly known as Tokyo 2020 be held?
New National Stadium (新国立競技場 )
Was the VTech Laser 200 and the ABC 80 both made in sweden? 
no
What nationality is the female star of 2006 American epic magical realism romantic drama The Fountain?
British
Where was the treaty transfering the Sanjak of Pojega to the Habsburg Monarchy signed?
Sremski Karlovci
Licensed to Kill and Stations of the Elevated are both what?
documentary
Who directed the sports film that starred the 1930-1932 heavy weight champion of the world?
Reinhold Schünzel
Rollye James is a talk show host who was a guest host on a late night talk show that airs from 1:00 am - 5:00 am, and is distributed by who?
Premiere Networks
Colonel Humphrey Mews was Deputy Private Secretary to which member of the British royal family?
Charles, Prince of Wales
Print and Cracked, are which type of publication?
magazine
Who is an American actress, singer, and an artists that  uses their voices or bodies, often in relation to other objects, to convey artistic expression? 
Leslie Carrara-Rudolph
Mattie Pinette is a graduate from the University of Maine, a public research university, which is one of how many land, sea and space grant institutions in the nation?
nine
"Nana" Kimati Dinzulu performed live with which professor emerita at Princeton University?
Toni Morrison
Alberto Granado authored a memoir that was a reference for the 2004 film about which revolutionary?
Che Guevara
What occupation is shared by Tim Howar and Emily Haines?
singer
Where is the party which  Diljit Rana, Baron Rana took its whip in 2016 located 
United Kingdom
What year was John Haase's associate Curtis Warren born in?
1963
Which band lasted longer, Catherine or Das Damen?
splitting up in 1991
Are Prince of Wales and Jägerbomb both beer-based mixed drinks?
no
Bowdoin was acquired by the post-secondary college in what Hancock County, Maine city since 1988?
Castine
The Samford Bulldogs are the 17 varsity teams (8 men's and 9 women's), recording championships from men's and women's track, men's and women's basketball, softball, baseball, soccer, volleyball, football, and men's and women's tennis that represent Samford University, the school is a member of the Southern Conference in Division I of the NCAA (FCS in football), after moving from 2008, to which collegiate athletic conference which operates in the Midwestern and Southeastern United States?
Ohio Valley Conference
Which of these is a citrus fruit, Odontioda or Lime?
lime
The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft forms the basis for which agency of the Massachusetts Office of Public Safety?
Massachusetts State Police
Ingsoc was an ideology that was used by the people who were living in what fictional land in 1984?
Oceania
What is the name of the book written by Chet Bowers that explores parallels between modern physics and Eastern mysticism?
The Tao of Physics
The popular song recorded by Bertie Higgins in 1981 referenced a movie starring which actor?
Humphrey Bogart
What leading French footballer of Martinique heritage plays as a centre back for Real Madrid?
Raphaël Varane
Scandia Elementary School is located on an air base under the operational control of what?
the Air Mobility Command
Just the Way You Are is a 1984 American comedy-drama film starring which American actress and singer?
Christina Ann McNichol
Which archipelago island nation is located southeast of Seychelles?
Comoros
Who co-starred with five time Tony winner Julie Harris on Journey to the Unknown?
Chad Everett
What was the profession of Nathaniel Gist's reputed son?
silversmith
In what drama did the Saving Mr Banks and Saul Dibb's 2015 WW2 romance actress portray Alice Morgan?
Luther
The song the knocked off Brother from RIANZ Top 40 was released on which day ?
April 7, 2009
Which film was made first The Three Caballeros or The Castaway Cowboy?
The Three Caballeros
Who was older, Joseph Santley or James Fargo?
Joseph Mansfield Santley
Are Kanchi Wichmann and Nicolas Winding Refn both British filmmakers?
no
Which of Kay Boyle and Dan Masterson is recognised as having more jobs
Dan Masterson
Which film was released first, The Jungle Book 2 or Kidnapped?
Kidnapped
The Cutler Majestic Theatre is located within a college founded in what year ?
1880
What 1986 American romantic military action drama film was re-released in 3D and IMAX in 2013?
Top Gun
How much money was promised in an endorsement deal by a shoe company to the first American to finish the 2011 obstacle course?
$500,000
The 37th Air Army was equipped with what bomber whose NATO reporting name is "Bear"?
The Tupolev Tu-95
George D. Weber lost to the incumbent Representative who was a member of what party?
Republican
When was the astronaut who took Breathing Your Love in space first launched into space?
December 10, 2006
With which opening of a hotel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada was the integrated consulting firm Prophet associated?
Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas
Which American director worked with animation for Disney, John Musker or Irwin Winkler?
John Musker
Which poem by William Shakespeare published in 1593, one of his earliest works, was dedicated to  3rd Earl of Southampton?
Venus and Adonis
Who was the incumbent president who was the wife of Néstor Kirchner?
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner
What organization does 2005 Houston Texans season and Dom Capers have in common?
NFL
which musican has the greatest instrumental skill  Matt Thiessen or  Steve Marriott:
Matthew Arnold
What present-day region was the historic base of these Iroquoian-speaking indigenous people who believed in the small, winged sprite of Native American mythology?
upstate New York
Which country is the language a poem written and sung on a holiday and created in the 13th century from? 
Israel
In the 1986 movie Death of a Soldier, who is the "Brownout Strangler"?
Eddie Leonski
What was the name of the group supported by the actress that starred in A Time To Remember?
United Activists for Animal Rights
what does The Afflicted and Theresa Knorr have in common?
California
What was the nickname of the manager of the Red Sox in the 2004 Boston Red Sox season?
"Tito"
What Oklahoma City Thunder basketball player is featured in La La's Full Court Life?
Carmelo Anthony
What two models of a gaming laptop, manufactured by a company that originally purchased this line of computers from IBM in 2005, were missing a feature known as a TrackPoint?
Y710 and Y510
Nynne is a Danish film directed by Jonas Elmer, starring Mille Dinesen, a Danish actress best known for starring in the film "Nynne", as well as the title role in which television series?
Rita
From Fear to Eternity includes Iron Maiden releases from the eighth studio album, which included their first line-up change since what year?
1982
Which Olympic distance runner was held at the The Ōfuna Camp ?
Louis Zamperini
Bob Hewitt and Peng Shuai, are professional ?
tennis player
Who died first, Robert Foliot or Robert de Chesney?
Robert de Chesney
Which event in Edgar Allan Poe's life has remained mysterious, prior to which became engaged to Sarah Elmira Royster Shelton, and was soon found delirious in Baltimore and in need of assistance?
his death
Edward G. Pitka Sr. Airport and Lynchburg Regional Airport, are in which country?
United States
Who was born on May 20, 1968 and portrays Givens on Justified?
Timothy Olyphant
What film starring Varun Sandesh was produced by a company called Matinee Entertainments?
Maro Charitra
Roger Vignoles is a British pianist and accompanist who has performed with a a soprano that has made several critically acclaimed recordings and won two what?
Grammy Awards.
Who was born earlier, Georgi Ivanov or Roberto Vittori?
Georgi Ivanov
The season of "The Simpsons" in which "Homer the Smithers" is an episode in began on what date? 
September 17, 1995
In what year was the writer of music and lyrics for the album "A Very StarKid Album" born?
1987
Who hosted Games People Play and was co-host of NBC's "Today"?
Bryant Gumbel
Blue Jasmine is a film that tells the story of a rich Manhattan Socialite, played by what Australian actress and theater director who played Katherine Hepburn in Martin Sorsese's film "The Aviator"?
Catherine Elise Blanchett
Who is the American writer, lawyer, actor and commentator that is also a motivational speaker for Seize the Day, Inc.?
Ben Stein
How many album has the band who created "The Anomalies of Artificial Origin" album released? 
two albums
The Lee Metcalf National Wildlife Refuge lies along a river that is how many miles long?
84
Sabah Homasi made his debut with the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 20th, 2016 against a fighter born in what year?
1984
Who starred along side Hwang Jung-min in "Ode to My Father?"
Yunjin Kim
What is the name of this Mexican horror drama film from 1993 that starred Daniel Giménez Cacho?
Cronos
Who played at Syracuse and was the recent winner of USA basketblal mael athlethe of the year?
Carmelo Anthony
Which board game was published first, Ticket to Ride, or King of Tokyo?
Ticket to Ride
When was the first woman commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Department in London born?
1960
Slouching Toward Bethlehem took its title from the poem written by the poet of what nationality?
Irish
What country do both La Recolets Cemetery and Federico Lacroze share?
Argentina
What award has the person for whose films Alto Reed has recorded soundtracks  received?
an Emmy Award
Live at the Electric has included sketches by the English actress who works with Joe Wilkinson in what deadpan sketch act?
Two Episodes of Mash
What is the ninth largest city in Lithuania that Jewish Poet Israel Davidson was born?
Jonava
What is the name of the 1936 drama film based on the play "Five Star Final" starring Humphrey Bogart?
Two Against the World
When was the Irish physicist died from who's name the Bell's theorem was named?
1 October 1990
Who is the voice of the character who owned a left-handed store in the "When Flanders Failed" episode of "The Simpsons"?
Harry Shearer
What year was the studio that released "Dru Hill" founded?
1959
John M. Dwyer was nominated for an Academy Award after directing a film that told the story of which country music singers life?
Loretta Lynn
When was the singer of the band who made Out of Ashes born?
March 20, 1976
Which English actress was a young star of the BBC's "The Lady Vanishes," and appears in the Netflix series Sense8?
Tuppence Middleton
The 2005 Independence Bowl was won by a team from a conference with how many members?
ten
Which city has a higher population, Xinzheng or Tianshui?
Tianshui
What is the title of the compilation album by English classical crossover soprano, actress, musician, songwriter, and dancer, Sarah Brightman?
Bella Voce
Which university has the most campuses, University of Richmond or Georgia Institute of Technology?
Georgia Institute of Technology
how is Demographics of Kenya and Bantu peoples related?
Africa
For which band was the writer of Jillian a lead vocalist?
Within Temptation
What happened toGeorge Edalji after the campaign the writer of Sherlock Holmes took a prominent role in?
pardoned
The founder of Summerland Tour was born on what date?
April 12, 1962
 Jagdgeschwader 52 was an aircraft used by the flying ace nicknamed what?
Bubi
Who was a colleague of physicist Abraham Pais in Princeton, New Jersey?
Albert Einstein
The Liberal Democratic Party in Australia is represented by the one Senator from what state?
New South Wales
In what year was the actor who was starred in "Mogambo" with Ave Gardner and Grace Kelly born?
1901
Which city has a larger population, Yangzhou or Chengdu?
Chengdu
How many visitors, international and domestic, visit the place where three of the state's four largest incorporated cities are located?
40 million
Walled Obelisk and Kadıköy are located in what country?
Turkey
What is the birth date of this English stage and film actress, who starred in Disconnect in 2012?
20 November 1981
Shape Shifter is the twenty-first studio album (thirty-sixth album overall) by who, "Gypsy Queen", a Szabó hit from 1966 covered by Santana in 1970 as a medley with Fleetwood Mac's "Black Magic Woman", Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band, formed in London in 1967?
Santana
 "Green Arrow" is the 70th episode of a TV series that premiered in what year?
2012
Sandra Buckler is a former director of communications for the Office of the Prime Minister of Canada under Conservative Party of Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper, she joined Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, a Canadian retail company which sells a wide range of automotive, sports and leisure, and home products, as Vice President of communications in which year?
2015
When was the magazine founded which named Wang Hui as, one of the top 100 public intellectuals in the world ?
1970
The Rabble was joined by what Scottish punk rock band formed in 1979?
The Exploited
What station produced the Shakespeare series featuring his historical play on the life of King Richard III of England?
BBC
Hal Fishman was the inspiration of a character in The Simpsons voiced by who?
Harry Shearer
"Nobody Rides For Free" was a single by the American heavy metal band Ratt, originally taken from which soundtrack, a 1991 American action crime thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow, starring Patrick Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Lori Petty and Gary Busey?
Point Break
What role did this Italian-American stage, film, and television actor who appeared in "House of Pleasure for Women" play in the movie "Death Wish" (1974)?
Det. Frank Ochoa
Gary Leib designed a line of popular toys for what chocolate manufacturer?
The Hershey Company
Robert de Clifford was an English soldier who lived in which town overlooking the River Eden?
Appleby Castle
In between Randy Jackson and  Alissa White-Gluz who was the founding member of The Agonist? 
Alissa White-Gluz
Romantica is a term trademarked by which independent erotic fiction publisher, and was launched in 2000, and initially published in e-book only format and later moved into print?
Ellora's Cave
D. B.'s Delight was produced by which Meredith Corporation-owned CBS station?
KMOV
Puffin Rock is narrated by actor Christopher O'Dowd, who is of what decent?
Irish
Who is the director of the 2005 film which is a remake of the 1933 film of the same name and in which James Newton Howard scored?
Peter Jackson
What did Swiss manufacturing company that Red Bull Racing used before , manufactures and markets
watches and fashion accessories
Charles Goodall was born in which city north of London, in the East Midlands?
Goodall (born 26 October 1782 at Nottingham
Clara Schumann, was a German musician and composer, considered one of the most distinguished pianists of the Romantic era, together they encouraged who, which was a German composer and pianist of the Romantic period, born in Hamburg into a Lutheran family? 
Johannes Brahms
Bob Geldof and Boy George, have which occupation in common?
singer-songwriter
What star of the movie Veer-Zaara has won seven Filmfare Awards?
Rani Mukerji
Where does the football team Héctor Figueroa plays for hold their home games?
"Estadio Salto del Caballo"
Where is most of the mountain contained that is the highest natural point in the Commonwealth of Virginia and also immediately east of the second highest named summit in Virginia?
Lewis Fork Wilderness
Whicn airport, Tri-Cities Airport or Montrose Regional Airport, is a non-towered public airport on the northwest side of Montrose?
Montrose Regional Airport
What type of profession does Daryl Hall and Lonnie Wilson have in common?
songwriter
Do Raoul Peck and Mel Stuart share a profession?
yes
What team does the former mentor of the French professional footballer who plays for the German club Bayern Munich while he played for FC Metz currently manage?
Qatari side Al-Khor
When was the album released in which "The Last Time" is a song?
October 22, 2012
Who died in 1956 and was a founder of the Netherland-America Foundation?
Thomas John Watson Sr.
Richard Strauss and Hans Werner Henze were both what?
German composer
Byfleet is a village that is near which motor car racing circuit?
Brooklands
What character did this American television actress, who also appeared in My Future Boyfriend alongside Barry Watson, portray on "Less than Perfect?" 
Claude Casey
Which magazine is published by the America's Test Kitchen company, Cook's Illustrated or Disney Magazine?
Cook's Illustrated
Island in the Sky is a 1953 American aviation adventure drama film starring and co-produced by an actor who won the Academy Award for which film ?
True Grit
Searchlight Rag is a composition by a composer dubbed as the King of what ?
"King of Ragtime"
What is the birthdate of this wife of the 30th President of the United States, whose favorite pet Rob Roy was acquired in 1922?
January 3, 1879
The director of Uncommon Valor's 1971 psychological thriller film was based on a novel that follows a young schoolteacher from what Australian city?
Sydney
Which song composed by Ray Henderson was played on by Warner Brothers in the cartoon Bye, Bye Bluebeard?
Bye Bye Blackbird
After which world war Dhimitër Berati served as secretary of the Albanian delegation  at the Paris Peace Conference?
World War I
 signed free agents Rick Mahorn and Jayson Williams. Jayson Williams is an American former professional basketball player
signed free agents Rick Mahorn and Jayson Williams
 Open Season is a 2006 American computer-animated buddy comedy film staring the voice of an american actor, director and musican who has a star on what?
Hollywood Walk of Fame
Provincetown Municipal Airport and General Mitchell International Airport, are located in which country?
United States
In what decade are the works of Neil Tennant and Kim Wilson known for?
1980s
What district, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, is on the longest river entirely in England?
Limehouse
Martin Droeshout worked with the financial manager for the King's men on which famous piece?
First Folio of 1623
Starfish stars an actor of what nationality?
English
Who was the director of  2015 American biographical crime drama film in which Isaac Liev Schreiber appeared in?
Tom McCarthy
Terry Gilliam and Frank Capra, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Who is the devout Scottish Christian who runs for the glory of God in the film in which Struan Rodger plays Sandy McGrath?
Eric Liddell
"We gaan naar Rome", is a Schlager song by who, he recorded this record implying the Dutch would reach the final hosted at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome? 
Simon Tahamata
Which highway is 840 km in length where the town Wandong can be found?
Hume Highway
When was the American-Puerto Rican professional basketball player born who was named the 2014 National Championship tournament's MOP?
July 14, 1991
What was the birthdate of the composer who worked on A Bayou Legend with William Grant Still?
February 16, 1910
George Keys, is a former New Zealand rower, who won an Olympic Bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in which city, that is the capital, and largest metropolis of the Republic of Korea? 
Seoul
Lovers and Leavers is an album by a singer from what state?
Texas
Who was born first, Herbert Selpin or Marc Lawrence?
Herbert Selpin
Which Francisco 49er who performed backup for "I Know What I Like" played college footbal for the University of Southern California?
Ronnie Lott
Which influential composer of piano music was active later in the 20th century: Dmitri Shostakovich or Philip Glass?
Philip Morris Glass
What do Pale Saints and The Waterboys have in common?
rock band
Which actor and comedian appeared on both "Saturday Night Live" and the 19th episode of the sixth season of "Bob's Burgers?"
Tim Meadows
In what part of England do the young actors, Withnail and I, find a weekend to be less recuperative than they planned?
Cumbria
What is the name of the mother of the Crown Prince who is the patron of the Royal Academy of Music in Denmark?
Queen Margrethe II
Drago Đurić taught a branch of philosophy that explores the nature of what?
art, beauty, and taste
The soundtrack and score to the film "Niruttara" was composed by a man born in what month?
April
What 1996 American musical adventure comedy film featured David Forman as a stunt performer?
Muppet Treasure Island
Tate Taylor directed the movie The Girl On The Train that was based on who's bestselling book?
Paula Hawkins
Are John Emerson and Patricia Rozema both Canadian?
no
What award did actor who portrayed Raylan Givens win in 1995?
Theatre World Award
Neville Patrick Chamberlain, is an English former footballer, his brother, Mark, was also a footballer, and his nephew, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Liverpool, and which country's national team?
England
Which magazine was created first Lucire or W ?
W
Who was born first: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or Heinrich Marschner?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The Ghastly Love of Johnny X starred which stage and film actor of over 200 credits?.
Kevin McCarthy
What was the population in 2007 of the city which has SR 729 entirely within its city limits ?
6,459
Pierre Nlend Womé (born 26 March 1979) is a Cameroonian retired footballer who played as a defender, being only one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions, one of the others is Christian Bjørnshøj Poulsen, a Danish former footballer, born on which date?
28 February 1980
Who publishes more magazines a year, Grazia or Oh Comely?
Grazia
Which director was also an animator, Bill Forsyth or René Laloux?
René Laloux
What is the birth date of this astronaut who appeared on Rocket Science, was an Air Force pilot and part of Project Mercury?
March 6, 1927
The U.S. state that is home to Mount Dutton shares a maritime border with what major world power?
Russia
what is the nationality of the producer of the sitcom "By The Book" ?
American
What is the English name of the song sampled in "Dream on the Dancefloor"?
"I'll Fly with You"
Amazon Trail II is a spin-off of what game originally developed by Don Rawitsch, Bill Heinemann, and Paul Dillenberger in 1971
The Oregon Trail
Who is Lana Del Rey?
American singer
Were Richard Aldington and Harold Lamb both writers?
yes
Are Emily Haines and Dickie Peterson both singers?
yes
Who was born first, Melissa Bank or Jaroslav Seifert?
Jaroslav Seifert
Are Ken Davitian and Tony Petrossian both comedians?
no
Songs Cycled is the seventh studio album, released on Bella Union in what year, by Van Dyke Parks, an American composer, arranger, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, and actor?
2013
Which organization created the R. V. Jones Intelligence Award which honors those who are accomplished in the area of scientific military intelligence such as Reginald Victor Jones?
the CIA
In which city is the head office of this Canadian retail business group that acquired Gilt Groupe?
Toronto, Ontario
Mark Clark was killed with an American activist and revolutionary, who was chairman of the Illinois chapter of what ?
Black Panther Party
Who is this American basketball coach and former player who currently is a coach of the Missouri Tigers men's basketball team and who was with Tennessee Volunteers basketball team during the 2013-14 season?
Cuonzo Martin
Which Scottish rock band was featured in the game Dancing Stage Max?
Franz Ferdinand
Who did the team coached by Bob Stoops play in the 2008 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game?
Missouri Tigers
What genre are both Safety Training and National Lampoon's Vacation?
comedy
Which film starred Harrison Ford and depicted the fictional planet Yavin?
Star Wars
What is the top speed of the world's fastest roller coaster located in Ferrari World Abu Dhabi?
240 km/h
The Paul and Young Ron Show was, for a time, featured on Sun 99.5 in an island at the southernmost tip of what geographic feature?
Florida Keys
Which judge of the show 'Internet Icon' was born on June 6, 1990 ?
Ryan Higa
 Index of Effluency is the top prize awarded in a series of endurance races that  holds the Guinness World Record for what?
Most participants in one race
Which has more acts, Paul Bunyan or Don Pasquale?
Don Pasquale
One of the winners of the 1998 Alpine Skiing World Cup held the record for the most point in one season by a male alpine skier in what year?
2013
Which Seattle-based rock band only has one remaining member and released the song Fell on Black Days in 1997?
Soundgarden
Who was American, Gustave Charpentier or Samuel Barber or both? 
Samuel Osborne Barber
What plant containing single-seeded, blue-black drupes is part of the Manilkara zapota family? 
Sideroxylon celastrinum
What Italian journalist and writer's short stories is one of the episodes of L'amore difficle based on?
Italo Calvino
Thornwillow Press is one of the private presses in the United States, beginning in 1985, Thornwillow has published the original work of Walter Leland Cronkite Jr., was an American broadcast journalist, best known as anchorman for the "CBS Evening News" for how many years?
19
Are Braque du Puy and the Kumaon Mastiff both breeds of dogs?
yes
Who contributed to The Digger magazine and is an Australian cartoonist?
Michael Leunig
Jon Anketell Brewer Swain is a British journalist and writer who was portrayed by Julian Sands in a film directed by who ?
Roland Joffé
Who is older, Warrel Dane or Patrick Stump?
Warrel Dane
Who is the director of the 2002 movie in which Jonathon Jackson played Jesse Tuck?
Jay Russell
The composer, instrumentalist and dancer who introduced French lyric tragedy, a genre of French opera, is considered a master of which style?
French baroque
What year was the novel that featured the most famous peak in the Great Balsam Mountains published?
1997
How many trophies does the person who played as a left back and central defender for A.C. Milan and featured on the Italian FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 cover have with Milan?
23
Who was the President of the Jury for the main competition where Gimme Danger was shown in the Midnight Screenings section?
George Miller
Who manufactured the  World War II American naval scout plane which was lost during an attack launched by "Enterprise" on Roi-Namur, Kwajalein
Douglas Aircraft
WhatAmerican multinational engineering firm designed the Sutong Yangtze River Bridge. 
AECOM
Walter Paine is an American author, journalist, and publisher, he purchased the "Valley News" of Lebanon, New Hampshire in the 1950s with partner James D. Ewing, and publisher of The Keene Sentinel, an independently owned daily newspaper published in Keene, in which US state?
New Hampshire
What was the population in 2010 of the town where Cornilia Thurza Crosby was born ?
1,028
What is Waddani in the country officially known as  the Republic of Somaliland
political party
When was Park and Gardens which has Gold Coast Railroad Museum adjacent to it established? 
1948
Who starred with Saori Hayami in a Japanese web novel series by Tsutomu Sato?
Miyuki Shiba
Falstaff and Il turco in Italia, is which type of dramatic play?
opera
Marble Canyon, Arizona is often used by people entering the principal river of what portion of the US?
Southwestern United States
Kim Nam-gil, is a South Korean actor, producer, singer and philanthropist, he is best known from leading roles in The Shameless, released in which year, a South Korean film starring Kim Nam-gil and Jeon Do-yeon?
2015
In what city and country was the company that designed Laff Trakk founded?
Munich, Germany
Who was a German writer and translator, Paul Heyse or Bob Woodward?
Paul Johann Ludwig von Heyse
What company released the album containing Taylor Swift's song Innocent?
Big Machine Records
Are Cathedral of St Michael and St George, Aldershot and All Saints' Church, Newcastle upon Tyne both located in England?
yes
What Scream Queens episode is also the name of a major sales event?
Black Friday
Enn Reitel provided voice-over work for this multiplayer online role-playing video game set in a modern-day real world under attack from occult forces, which was developed by which company?
Funcom
Which South Korean reality-variety show that airs on KBS2 was moved in 2013 from Wednesday nights and replaced by Star Family Show Mamma Mia?
The Return of Superman
Broad Top is a plateau located in south-central Pennsylvania bounded to the east by what long, steep, narrow mountain ridge in the Ridge-and-Valley (or Allegheny Mountains) physiographic province of the Appalachian Mountains?
Sideling Hill
The person who defeated Parker Griffith in 2010 in the Republican primary was born on what date?
April 29, 1954
Richard Marner appeared in the 1965 comedy film Where the Spies Are, but he's most famous for his role in which 1980s sitcom?
'Allo 'Allo!
Mizuto Hirota competes in Featherweight division, which refers to what weight class?
different weight classes
The Steven Soderbergh directed film about Liberace was nominated in the same award season as what comedy about a police precinct?
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Henrique de Senna Fernandes was a writer of the peoples who are of what mixed heritage?
Chinese and Portuguese
What animated shorts were both worked on by Irven Spence and distributed by an American media company?
Tom and Jerry
2012 USA Sevens was hosted in a stadium in which US state ?
Nevada
Get Heavy is the debut album by a hard rock band formed in which year ?
1992
The Mann Center for the Performing Arts has hosted which front man from the Miracles?
William "Smokey" Robinson Jr.
What star in the Hong Kong film "Slim till Dead" has the nickname "Dingding"?
Cherrie Ying
Were either Wallace Stevens or Hilary Mantel Cuban?
no
Are Susan Seidelman and Jim Sheridan both film directors?
yes
Which has been published by more publishers, 13 Dead End Drive or Take It Easy?
Take It Easy
Larry R. Williams is the father of four-time Academy Award nominee actress that made her feature film debut in what movie?
"Lassie"
Scipio Center is located 10.3 miles south of a city at the north end of what lake?
Owasco Lake
What is the Queen Victoria Monument in a line down part of the east of England?
The Eleanor crosses
Which song by American singer Miley Cyrus was featured in "Now That's What I Call Music! 49?"
Wrecking Ball
David Alfaro Siqueiros was a Mexican muralist who designed the Polyforum Cultural Siqueiros and was a member of what political party?
Mexican Communist Party
Suncoast hotel and casino is owned and operated by which American gaming and hospitality company based in Paradise, Nevada?
Boyd Gaming
Other than meter, what else could Ormin's work of biblical exegesis be called?
septenary
What country does Da'an, Jilin and Linyi have in common?
China
Matt Miller was a left-handed pitcher that played for an MLB team that have won how many World Series championships?
four
What business did Sideshow Bob frame Krusty the Clown for robbing, in the episode, "Krusty Gets Busted"?
Kwik-E-Mart
 Eldest is the second novel in the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini and the sequel to "Eragon", the first novel in what series?
Inheritance Cycle
Which American politician and women's rights advocate owned a home in Broadwater County, Montana?
Jeannette Rankin
The 2000 Texas Longhorns football team was coached by the current commentator on which network?
ESPN
Which American rock band, formed in Tennessee in 1999, recieved a nomination in 2013 for best rock album at the 56th Gramy Awards?
Kings of Leon
Starving, is a song by American actress and singer Hailee Steinfeld, and which American electronic music duo group?
Grey
What part of the United States government composes the legislature of the United States along with the part that Skip Bafalis served as a member of?
Senate
Le temple de la Gloire is an "opéra-ballet" by Jean-Philippe Rameau that was first performed in what year?
1745
Tripping Daisy and Them Crooked Vultures, were formed in the United States?
yes
What prize created by a Swedish industrialist, inventor, and armaments manufactuer was awarded to SPUSA in 1995?
Nobel Peace Prize
What is Fandango's tag-team partner's real name?
Mattias Clement
What is the new name of the learning institution from which Vinay Shakya earned his MA from KK Degree College Etawah?
Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University
What nationality was John Phillip's co-writer of The Mamas & The Papas pop hit "I Saw Her Again"? 
Canadian
In what year was the actress who was starred in the 1992 film "This Is My Life" with Carrie Fisher and Dan Aykroyd born?
1950
What type of publication does The Living Church and Kiplinger's Personal Finance have in common?
magazine
Charlie Puth and Shy Carter both released songs they wrote in what same year?
2015
Are Florida State University and Johnson C. Smith University both located in Tallahassee?
no
Richwood has a large festival every year for Allium tricoccum which they call what?
Ramp
What year did Brady James Monson Corbet make his film directorial debut?
2015
Bombing Hitler's Dams is an episode on "NOVA" in which Hugh Hunt enlists the help of which family-run airline, based in Hay River, Northwest Territories, Canada, established in 1970? 
Buffalo Airways
 The AXIS  is a mid-sized auditorium located at a hotel and casino owned by what corporation?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
In what state did Transylvania University acquire Hamilton College in 1903?
Lexington, Kentucky
What nationality is Kim Nam-gil, star of 2015's thriller The Shameless?
South Korean
During which century did the king played by Stellan Skarsgård in 2005's Beowulf & Grendel actually live?
early 6th century
Where was the sport invented in 1891 by a Canadian-American physical educator, physician, chaplain, sports coach and innovator?
Springfield, Massachusetts
An Australian TV show host appeared in the stage production of Cats in the role of one of the feline characters who also appeared in the poetry book Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats, which was written by who?
T. S. Eliot
Which character has been around the longest, Tron or Dumbo?
Dumbo
What is the middle name of the Olympian who learned to skate at The Lloyd Center in Portland ?
Maxene
What is a city in the province of Ningxia in the north of China, Qingtongxia or Qufu?
Qingtongxia
Between Sempervivum and Malope, which genus has more species?
Sempervivum
Thomas Richard Morris' daughter married an English journalist who served as the editor of what?
The Times
Where are the Pera Palace Hotel and Palace of the Porphyrogenitus located?
Istanbul, Turkey
The building once occupied by the bank in Glen Jean, West Virginia now houses a visitor center for which feature of the National Park there?
New River Gorge National River
The Aaron Hilton Site includes the remains of a house built for a person who was released from what condition?
slavery
Ghungroos are worn in traditional performances of a dance noted for its powerful what?
rhythm
Tom Hagen is a character in the crime novel published in what year?
1969
Who was hired at Chloé by the person who spotted the future trend of larger sized watches in a wholly owned subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Richemont S.A.?
Stella McCartney
What is the total number of staff of the organization that co-produced Shadow of the Noose with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Television New Zealand ?
35,402
What is a 1995 American epic war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson, that a British makeup artist won the Best Makeup Oscar at the 68th Academy Awards for the film ?
Braveheart
What is the Palestinian Islamic organization that governs th small territory on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea that was captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War?
Hamas
72nd Academy Awards took place at what landmark large-event venue in Los Angeles, California that is also the headquarters of the Al Malaikah Temple
Shrine Auditorium
What is a carbonated beverage from Japan?
Tokyo, Japan
Hope Solo and Jenna Fife both play which sport?
Soccer
When was the inaugural festival for the the famous festival for mature musica fans at Caisteal Inbhir Aora? 
2007
Where did Faith No More and Crudo originate?
San Francisco
Kentucky Truck Assembly is one of two plants operated by Ford in Louisville, the other being the plant that opened on 180 acres in what year?
1955
Who was born in Ohio and played as soloist at West Virginia Symphony Orchestra?
Kathleen Battle
Prince Sixtus of Bourbon-Parma attempted came from which of the two countries that made up The Powers' alliance in 1879?
Austria-Hungary
The novella Truman Capote wrote in Carrington House was published in what year?
1958
What album featuring "The Acid Queen" was released in May 1969?
Tommy
Are both Carludovica and Beech native to the same continents?
no
Were Katrina Leskanich and Andrew Wood ever married?
no
Lena Himmelstein Bryant Malsin, was an American clothing designer and retailer who founded the plus-size clothing chain Lane Bryant, the company began in which year?
1904
Park Min-ha appeared in a South Korean disaster film about an outbreak of a deadly strain of H5N1 that kills its victims within what amount of time?
36 hours
What sub-Saharan African mammal is the third-largest type of land mammal and a large concentration of them can be found at the Kazinga Channel?
hippopotamus
What Swede think tank founded the digital online index that distributed the Yes Men Fix the World?
Piratbyrån
What rapper featured in Hot 100 song on the album released by Beyonce during the Destiny's Child hiatus?
Jay-Z
Sylvia Raphael Schjødt, was a South African-born Israeli Mossad agent, convicted of murder in Norway for her involvement in the Lillehammer affair, was the killing by Mossad agents of Ahmed Bouchiki, a Moroccan waiter and brother of the renowned musician Chico Bouchikhi, in Lillehammer, Norway on which date?
July 21, 1973
Big Fat Liar is a 2002 American teen comedy film, directed by Shawn Levy, starring which American actress and fashion designer, born on April 3, 1986?
Amanda Laura Bynes
Which battle resulted as a conflict between the United States Army and the Sioux and involved a Hunkpapa Lakota holy man who was killed by Indian agency police on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation?
Sitting Bull
1993–2003: 1st Decade in the Machines is a remix album commissioned by an experimental musical collective founded by who?
Kristoffer Rygg
What city of origin does Mitte and Reichstag building have in common?
Berlin
California Gurls was produced in part by a Swedish record producer rose to prominence in the second half of the 1990, after making hits for the Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, and who?
NSYNC
Which actor from Trading Places and Die Hard also starred in Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence?
Paul Gleason
What is the birth date of the man who wrote Back to the Moon?
February 19, 1943
What profession is both Midge Ure and Sonya Scarlet?
singer
Which grade students were educatating in a public high school in a town, part of Greater Boston, in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States?
grades 9 through 12
Are Vernonia and Orthophytum both from the same family?
no
In what year was the actress who co-starred in the film "To Sleep with Anger" with Reina King born?
1941
Francesco Dominici played a role in what Wagner opera that lasts about four and a half hours?
"Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg"
Which has more beds, Children's National Medical Center or MedStar Washington Hospital Center?
MedStar Washington Hospital Center
Two Oceans Aquarium is situated at what harbour in Cape Town?
Table Bay Harbour
Which band did The Evpatoria Report play with that is an American rock band?
The Appleseed Cast
 Fort Inge was named in honor of an officer killed in the war that lasted through what time period?
1846 to 1848
Which team were Joe Kelley and Hughie Jennings a part of?
the Baltimore Orioles
The Pontiac Sunfire shared a redesign with a line built on which platform?
General Motors J
What is the full name of the creator of the website that retweeted  the tweet about 3-5 million non citizens voting in the the 2016 elections?
Alexander Emerick Jones
Who was involved in designing a processor that is manufactured by Samsung?
Jim Keller
The 2013 documentary "I Know That Voice" featured what famous actor, known for voice roles as Cindy Lou Who and Rocky the Flying Squirrel?
June Foray
Live Concert at the Forum was an album by the singer who has won how many Grammy awards?
ten
Which star of "Having You" was born 12 July 1976?
Anna Friel
What type of entertainment products do 221B Baker Street and Entdecker make?
board game
What number episode is Will's Birthday in the British coming of age sitcome television series created and writted by Damon Beesley and Iain Morris?
third
Who has written more screenplays, David Siegel or Ron Underwood?
David Siegel
National Route A006 connects Las Cuevas to what monument that literally translates to Cristo Redentor de los Andes?
Christ the Redeemer of the Andes
Are Ernest B. Schoedsack and Frank Scheffer both cinematographers ?
yes
Which company was this American game designer who designed the set of Planescape Campaign Setting employed for more than a decade?
TSR, Inc.
Jiaozhou City and Yingkou, are in which country?
China
Where was the wife of French writer Cyril Montana born?
Jakarta
How many seasons did the host of Inside the Vault play for the National Football League?
eight seasons
Were both Mike Shinoda and Chrissie Hynde members of the rock band The Pretenders?
no
What nationality is Big Cass' girlfriend?
American
Currarong, New South Wales is a village in the coastal area 200km south of what major city?
Sydney
What year did Eduard Rozovsky release a classic Ostern film?
1970
Which film or documentary, Fight for the Planet or Scared Straight!, is a 1978 documentary directed by Arnold Shapiro?
Scared Straight!
What was the nickname of the princess that signed the Lei Áurea law?
"the Redemptress"
Where are the home games played by the team coached by Scott Marr?
John Fallon Field
Michael Pangrazio was known for his matte painting work on what movie that was the 2nd installment of the original Star Wars trilogy?
The Empire Strikes Back
Thushaaram is a 1981 Malayalam-language Indian feature film, starring Rani Padmini,  also known as Padmavati, was a legendary 13th-14th century queen, of which nationality?
Indian
Which university is a private Baptist university, Baylor University or Boston University?
Baylor University
Is the Nusretiye Clock Tower and St. George's Austrian High School in Istanbul, Turkey?
yes
Which if these two is a British film director, Gareth Evans or Geoffrey Sax?
Geoffrey Sax
 Is Hydrocotyle another name for Sideritis?
also known as ironwort
Are Crazy Magazine and American Nature Association both magazines?
no
An untitled Han Solo film is in production by which film and television company based in San Francisco?
Lucasfilm
Elizabeth Cutter Morrow had a daughter who was the wife of what aviator?
Charles Lindbergh
What type of media does The Original Kings of Comedy and There Is No Authority But Yourself have in common?
film
Among the athletes of the Detroit Athletic Club is a baseball player who was inducted into the Hall of Fame in what year?
1936
What is the population of one of the towns in which Pamela Beidle's insurance agency is located? 
67,639
John M. Stahl and Patricio Guzmán, share which film occupation?
film director
Jake Roberts is an English film editor best known for his works on a British drama film based on what 2010 play?
Posh
What company did Barrie D'Rozario DiLorenzo work with that placed sixth in the Fortune 500?
UnitedHealth Group
Which Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award was won by the soundtrack to a film directed by David Ayer?
Favorite Soundtrack
What film is  the 2009 computer-animated comedy adventure film and the second installment in the "Disney Fairies" franchise, Astro Boy or Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure?
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure
The Demonstration Archive 1996 - 1998 is a compilation album by a band that announced what in 2016?
their disbandment
Zuffa was founded in 2001 by Lorenzo Ferlitta and another American entrepreneur who is the current CEO of what?
Station Casinos
In 2017, which magazine featured both "The Adventurer" and a former International Space Station (ISS) crew member?
British Airways High Life Magazine
What album launched the tour in which U2 first played "Electrical Storm" live?
"No Line on the Horizon"
"Donk" is a single by a rapper with what real full name?
DeAndre Cortez Way
What do Nuri Bilge Ceylan and Nikos Koundouros have in common?
film director
Which station did the film that Lee Hye-young played a supporting role in air on?
KBS2
Are both Oakland University and Wayne State University private university?
no
Cedric Moodie, is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Brampton A's of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL), Moodie has experience playing in multiple countries across the world outside of Canada, primarily which top-tier level of the Argentine basketball league system? 
Liga Nacional de Básquet
What is the birthdate of this American businessman, who was a Maine booster and had the Alfond Arena named for him?
March 6, 1914
Which writer of the song One More Night is also an actor?
Adam Levine
Whose skull did the Prince of Denmark, son of King Hamlet, see in Act 5 Scene 1? 
Yorick
What is a medium-sized French water dog, Black and Tan Virginia Foxhound or Barbet?
barbet
In which place the salt industry developed by James Geddes was located?
Syracuse, New York
Foster & McElroy have written songs for what English pop group, known for the song "Breakout"?
Swing Out Sister
Illick's Mill is located in the city that is in what region of the eastern half of Pennsylvania?
Lehigh Valley
The Sahara India Pariwar conglomerate company developed the township of Aamby Valley City in what Indian state?
Maharashtra
Legao is the second solo album from a pop duo from which country ?
Norway
When did the base where The Naval Academy Preparatory School is located gain over five hundred billets?
BRAC 2005
"Medusa" is the eighth episode of the second season from The CW television series "Supergirl", which aired on which date, the episode features a minor tie-in with the Arrowverse crossover event "Invasion!"?
November 21, 2016
What state did the radium come from that was used in glow-in-the-dark radioactive paint between 1917 and 1926?
Pennsylvania
Jacob Farrow has worked as a writer and producer for a number of series created by the co-president of what production company?
Schneider's Bakery
Who has a wider scope of profession, D.W. Kann or Kenny Ortega?
D.W. Kann
Are Sofia Kovalevskaya and Anatoly Maltsev both mathematicians?
yes
In addition to Co Stompe, who else won the 2010 PDC World Cup of Darts tournament?
Raymond van Barneveld
Irène Némirovsky and Chinua Achebe were both what?
novelist
Are Pierre Barthès and Mark Edmondson both now retired?
yes
The first director of NASA's Manned Spacecraft Center sent a letter of receipt to the person who knit a sweater for what famous astronaut?
Neil Armstrong
Four referendums were held in Switzerland during 1949, the first two were held on 22 May on revising article 39 of which third and current federal constitution of Switzerland?
Federal Constitution of the Swiss Confederation
Peregrine Bertie, was a British politician, the second son of Robert Bertie, 3rd Earl of Lindsey, styled Lord Willoughby de Eresby from 1642 to which year, was an English nobleman?
1666
Ford Edge is the first of what size vehicle to have MyFord Touch?
Midsize crossover SUV
What level of the Argentine football system does the club based in the leafy, northern neighborhood of Buenos Aires play?
Primera B Metropolitana
What country was the targeted man in when Zvi Aharoni helped capture him?
Argentina
The museum where Torso of Venus and a Landscape currently resides in what borough of Amsterdam?
Amsterdam South
What do the New Hampshire State Police patrol that is approximately 17029 miles in length?
New Hampshire Highway System
What was the name of the Japanese carrier-borne fighter that was typically the capital ship of the fleet?
Nakajima A2N
What is the total land area of this state in the southern central part of Australia, in which Falie was used for coastal trading?
983482 km2
Palumbo is a surname whose national origin has approximately how many living spoken languages?
34
Which breed of dog is larger, the Norwich Terrier or the Dunker?
Dunker
Were the groups The Exies and Portugal. The Man from the same country?
yes
Rob Kardashian and Andy Serkis, are American?
no
The 2005 KNVB Cup Final was a football match between Willem II and PSV on 29 May 2005 at De Kuip, in which country, PSV won 4–0 after goals from Park Ji-sung, a South Korean former footballer who currently serves as a club ambassador at Manchester United?
Rotterdam
William H. Gass and James Redfield, both are Americans, that have which occupation?
author
The American fantasy mystery comedy-drama television series created by Bryan Fuller that aired from 2007 stars this American actress and singer who appeared in which ABC TV series in 2012?
GCB
Were Summer Wars and The Velveteen Rabbit both books?
no
Icons.com is an online retailer of authentic signed sports memorabilia based in Kentish Town, London, since late which year, it has sold merchandise and memorabilia signed by the likes of Diego Armando Maradona, an Argentine retired professional footballer?
2008
The Pachuca's Monumental Clock has the same identical machinery as what Great Bell of the clock located at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London?
Big Ben
Who hosted the 29th Genie Awards and the game show Celebrity Poker Showdown?
Dave Foley
Of Material Issue and The Shins, which band is from the Western most city?
The Shins
What retired Russian NHL right winger was acquired by the Florida Panthers during the 1998-99 season?
Pavel Bure
Which genus of plants has less species, Aphyllanthes or Furcraea?
Aphyllanthes
Zabdas was the name of which rank, who led the forces of Septimia Zenobia, a third-century queen, of the Syria-based Palmyrene Empire?
general
 Hong Kong first competed at a Deaflympics that was held in what US city?
Los Angeles
Who created the HBO miniseries in which Scott Richard Grimes starred as Technical Sergeant Donald Malarkey?
Scott Grimes
Delfines de la Unacar is based in a city  in the southwest of the what Mexican state?
Campeche
The Gab operon is responsible for the conversion of γ-aminobutyrate to succinate, what is the  is the chief inhibitory neurotransmitter in the mammalian central nervous system, called?
GABA
Which one of Astronaut Group 1 was NASA's first Chief of the Astronaut office?
Donald Kent "Deke" Slayton
I Luh God is a song by a singer who started her music career in what year?
1998
How many Grammy Awards has the soprano who gave Vocalise its world premier won?
two
Are Ipheion (starflower), and Ixora (viruchi, rangan) both flowering plants?
yes
Who lived for longer, Paula Fox or Simone de Beauvoir?
Paula Fox
Alpina watches is owned by a watch company founded by an entrepreneur who completed his studies in which university ?
the Erasmus University
What notable player from the 1951 Sugar Bowl went on to play for the Western Interprovincial Football Union's Edmonton Eskimos?
Billy Vessels
What is the parent company of the company founded by the most influential street skater in history?
Dwindle Distribution
Preston Catholic College closed after one of its classes merged with two other schools to form what Catholic sixth form college near Preston?
Cardinal Newman College
Where is the men's Twenty20 cricket team based in for which Aaron Keith Heal played after he played for Western Australia?
Australian state, Victoria
Are both Rob Tyner and Bruce Dickinson considered musicians?
yes
Who wrote the debut song on the debut album of the artist who also released the album "I'm Still Here"?
Billy Henderson and Steven Dale Jones
Which of the layers that suffered season ending injuries in 2015 Baltimore Ravens season was born on October 14, 1985?
Justin Forsett
Down Came a Blackbird is a 1995 American made for TV drama film, starring which American actress?
Laura Dern
Trevor Beattie got to manage campaigns for the Labour Party because he was friends with a man who was what type of politician?
British Labour politician
Atchison is a city named in honor of of man best known for the questionable claim that for one day he may have been what?
Acting President of the United States
Greenberg is a 2010 American comedy-drama film, it stars which American actress and filmmaker?
Greta Celeste Gerwig
What neighborhood was the rapper who recorded "The Big Big Beat" raised in?
Harlem
Compiere is distributed by which software company?
Consona Corporation
Which political party did a military and political figure of the Cossack Hetmanate associate with?
democratic
Who distributed the movie that the actor born on October 30,1964 was in?
Warner Bros
The JW Marriott Hotel Hong Kong is near the district that is the heart of what location?
Victoria City
Who is a pornographic actress and a mentor/judge on the online reality TV series The Sex Factor?
Lexi Belle
Which star of 2010 American drama thriller "The Experiment" also received widespread recognition after starring in "The Pianist" (2002).
Adrien Brody
What is the birthdate of this American librettist, playwright, and actor, who was part of the song "Being Alive" from the musical "Company"?
December 14, 1932
Which magazine, Oh Comely or Take a Break, has more issues per month?
Take a Break
International Aero Engines produced what two-shaft engine for the Airbus A320?
IAE V2500
Vladimir Galouzine is a Russian tenor, he has performed in such Russian operas, such as which opera in 3 acts (7 scenes), by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, to a Russian libretto by the composer's brother Modest Tchaikovsky, based on a short story of the same name by Alexander Pushkin?
The Queen of Spades
What number Korn studio album is "Take Me" on?
twelfth
General Mills markets what ice cream brand that opened their first retail store in Brooklyn, New York? 
Häagen-Dazs
When was the English actor born who is a star in both Intimate Relations and  Kill Your Friends?
7 December 1989
The Lahore City Cricket Association Ground, is a cricket ground located opposite to which cricket ground in Lahore, Pakistan?
Gaddafi Stadium
What job do both Ramón del Valle-Inclán and Friedrich Dürrenmatt have in common?
dramatist
What was the population at the 2010 census of the town which is connected to Lewiston, Maine by Maine State Route 126?
1,527
Which episode of "Rick and Morty"  aired unannounced on April 1, 2017 and was replayed every half hour from 8pm to 12am ET, as part of Adult Swim's annual April Fools' prank?
"The Rickshank Rickdemption"
Have Salman Rushdie and Roger Zelazny both received awards for their writing?
yes
What is the birth year of the man who directed Gallifrey: Series 5?
1963
Jeffrey Lau and Uwe Boll, are both from the film industry?
yes
Which dog breed has more current puppies, Dogo Cubano or German Spaniel?
The German Spaniel
SW8 ("Secret Weapon 8") is the code name for a wooden roller coaster currently under construction at which theme park resort located in Staffordshire, England, near the village of Alton? 
Alton Towers Resort
Who was the director of the 1994 British biographical historical comedy-drama film for which Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne  was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for portraying King George III?
Nicholas Hytner
Where did the first ever draft selection of the Indianapolis Colts play college football?
University of Oklahoma
Who is the American gossip columnist and television host that hosted the show A.J. After Hours?
A. J. Benza
Which band composed "Yellow Ledbetter" and "Jeremy"?
Pearl Jam
Jonathan V. Last works as a senior writer at  a magazine the is published how many times per year ?
48
What year did Sissy Spacek play Carrie White, the main protagonist in Stephen King's novel ""Carrie"?
1976
Joe Casey is one of the creators of an animated TV series that has grossed over how much in retail sales worldwide?
$4.5 billion
Which popular magazine was published first, Inside Sports or Men's Fitness?
Inside Sports magazine
How long is the US Highway which passes Cold Spring, Tennessee?
758 mi
Men – Tyva Men and The Forest is Full of Cedar Nuts were both what for the Republic of Tuva?
anthem
What city in California does KMRB and KAZN broadcast from?
Pasadena
The Trip to Italy is a 2014 British comedy film, written and directed by Michael Winterbottom, and is the sequel of Winterbottom's TV series, which 2010 British television sitcom series, starring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon as fictionalised versions of themselves on a restaurant tour of northern England?
The Trip
 Lady Augusta Gordon was the fourth illegitimate daughter of a man who was born when?
21 August 1765
Victoria Rooms, Bristol includes a bronze statue of which King of the United Kingdom?
Edward VII
Edward Maya had a international hit based which refrain composed by Azerbaijani musician Eldar Mansurov?
Bayatılar
What is the 2001 population of the village  where Aquilo hails from? 
1,545
Burt Styler wrote scripts for the CBS television show that was eventually followed by what sequel?
Archie Bunker's Place
Clair Francis Bee, was an American basketball coach, who led the team at which private institution of higher education located in Brooklyn, New York City?
LIU Brooklyn
Which Italian composer who wrote 39 operas has the 1833 version of the "Stabat mater"
Gioachino Antonio Rossini
Najwan Halimi served as special officer to the founder of which party in Malaysia?
People's Justice Party
Which Indian politician served as a Chairperson for the National Advisory Council and is also a widow of a former Prime Minister?
Sonia Gandhi
What is the full name of the artist who recorded Me Enamore?
José Montserrate Feliciano García
In The Right Stuff, Levon Helm is the narrator, and co-stars as an aeronautical engineer who was highly respected among fellow test pilots, including who?
Chuck Yeager
What film genre are Werner Herzog's Wheel of Time and Dave Chappelle's Block Party an example of?
documentary
Was At Night, They Dance or A Diary for Timothy released first?
A Diary for Timothy
Which Bulgarian-Canadian actress appeared in the drama series "The Vampire Diaries" and in the 2007 Canadian drama film "The Poet?" 
Nina Dobrev
What Irish businessman and shipbuilder was the managing director and head of the shipbuilding company that built the majority of the ships intended for the White Star Line?
Thomas Andrews
Are The Black Keys and Saint Motel both pop bands?
no
Trevor George Smith Jr., is better known by his stage name Busta Rhymes, is an American rapper, actor, record producer and record executive, Chuck D of which group, gave him his moniker?
Public Enemy
The Stewart Manor station is one of five stations of the Long Island Rail Road that serve the village of Garden City, New York, Stewart Manor is a village in Nassau County, New York in which country?
United States
What movie starring Park Sang-myun started a trilogy of films about a female gang boss?
My Wife Is a Gangster
Viktor Selyavin is best known for his interpretation of Lensky in  an opera composed by who?
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Irvin Willat and Rowland V. Lee, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Diya Aur Baati Hum was replaced by a romantic drama series that premiered on what date?
12 September 2016
 Ian Crawford has been a guitarist for the American rock band from what Nevada city?
Las Vegas
How many acts are there in the opera in which François Le Roux portrayed Pelléas ?
five
Are either Jean Vigo or Richard Williams American professionals?
no
Who directed a 1944 film starring an actress born June 30, 1917
Irving Pichel
Which Northern Irish footballer, who last played for Lisburn Distillery, also played for the club currently managed by David Jeffrey?
Aaron Callaghan
When was the composer, who remarked on Den Pobedy that "the song seemed to have turned back the time," born?
born 12 December 1925
Zé Ramalho Canta Bob Dylan pays homage with which song that was for the soundtrack of the 1973 film "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid"?
Knockin' on Heaven's Door
By whom is the University where Jerry Wilkerson got his BS accredited?
Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Who has more scope of profession, Brandon Wood or Lonnie Wilson?
Lonnie Wilson
The largest United Methodist congregation in the United States is associated with which school of theology?
Saint Paul School of Theology
John Hughes, an American film director, producer, and screenwriter, wrote which screenplay, based on his short story "Vacation '58"?
National Lampoon's Vacation
In what year was an LP by Kim Renard Nazel released?
1989
Which film premiered more recently, Sweet Crude or My Generation?
Sweet Crude
Are Neil LaBute and Claude Berri both film directors?
yes
What is the acronym of the country's navy that was responsible for discovering Cape Sobral?
ARA
What nickname was sometimes applied to the King who signed a treaty with the men of Kent at the site of Stone Castle ?
William the Bastard
The university where Ruby Nealon got his bachelor's degree is 1.5 miles west of what city centre?
Manchester
How many terrorists were on the second plane to hit the World Trade Center?
five
Which person who had a cameo in the video for the single "More News from Nowhere" was the daughter of Paula Yates?
Peaches Geldof
What is the name of the rivalry game that is played in the same stadium as the State Fair Classic, thats name is derived from the river that forms part of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma?
Red River Showdown
In which year was this popular worldwide hit song of the album "Simple Pleasures" released?
1988
Upper Tantallon, Nova Scotia is likely named for a castle built in what century?
mid-14th-century
Which English feminist part of the intellectual circle with Judith Drake in the 17th century was known as "the first English feminist"?
Mary Astell
The News Building is a 17-storey office block that houses a tabloid newspaper that was founded as a successor to what?
Daily Herald
Between P. J. Castellaneta and Oscar Micheaux, who directed more films?
Micheaux
What other show did co-creator of and actor in Coppertop flop shop win an award for Leading Young Actor?
He has won two Young Artist Awards in the Leading Young Actor category for his performances in the comedy film "National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion" (2003)
What Shakespearean play is the ABC drama "Still Star-Crossed" based on?
Romeo and Juliet
Wang Xuejun is a choreographer for what New York-based entertainment company performing classical Chinese dance?
Shen Yun Performing Arts
What are Bearno's and Gino's East both famous for serving?
pizza
What is the nationality of the company that sells Disney Dollars ?
American
Ludwig Kögl was in which 1987 football match held at Prater Stadium?
1987 European Cup Final
Which band includes singers Roody Woomble and Rod Jones: Idlewild or Voxtrot?
Idlewild
Who was born on November 23, 1978, and is a member of the American Rock group called The Dead Weather?
Alison Mosshart
What era was the show, in which Peter Sellers co-starred with a French actress, popular during?
1960s
Which plant has more species, Barklya or Ajuga?
Ajuga
How many drafts were included in the year that the Pistons moved to Detroit?
14
The Parades Commission is composed of seven members, all of whom are appointed by a Minister of the Crown that is accountable to who? 
Parliament of the United Kingdom
The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" also played a character on "Entourage" that has what last name?
Assante
In what year was the band behind the Evil Empire Tour nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Album?
2001
Which song from the band with the debut album "It's About Time" was the first to be released by a new record label?
"Pom Poms"
In what year was the band whose version of "Friggin' In The Riggin" was used as the theme song for Captain Butler formed?
1975
What is the name of former Washington Bullets player Harvey Grant's identical twin brother?
Horace Grant
What was the population in the county as of 2010 census where the Long Beach city located in?
187,105
Anders Morgenthaler and Max Neufeld are both what?
film director
What year saw the premiere of the television series where Tom McGowan plays a disgruntled fan?
2000
Levance E. Fields played college basketball at the University of Pittsburgh a state-related research university located in what state?
Pennsylvania
Do Razorlight and Joywave play the same genre of music?
yes
Suzuki F10D engine is an inline 4-cylinder 1061cc engine that was developed in India by a manufacturer headquartered in which city ?
New Delhi
After the execution of which individual did Conneticut repeal capital punishment in 2012?
Michael Bruce Ross
Bruce Van De Velde served as Director of Athletics at which university in Louisiana?
Louisiana Tech University
Which retired Danish striker gained fame playing for Vanløse IF?
Preben Elkjær
Were Walter Lippmann and H. P. Lovecraft both authors?
yes
Who plays a stockbroker in a film that Claire Simpson was an editor for?
Charlie Sheen
When did the person who was jointly named man of the match with  Gauhar Ali make his One Day debut?
13 November 2015
Were John Derek and Emilio Fernández both actors and directors?
yes
Collins & Harlan sang songs that presented a stereotyped image of who?
Blacks
EntropiK is a duo influenced by an English rock band consisting of Guy Garvey, Craig Potter, Mark Potter and Pete Turner who have played together since when?
1990
Which novelist was born first, William Golding or Noah Gordon?
Sir William Gerald Golding
In which country Corporation Street located?
England
Both the songs U.F.O. and Princess of China are on the album Mylo Xyloto from which British rock band?
Coldplay
Are both Name Taken and Jars of Clay American rock bands?
yes
Which genus has more species, Echium or Ptilotus?
Ptilotus
Who has authored mroe books, Stephen King or Clive Cussler?
Clive Eric Cussler
The Honda Aircraft Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Honda Motor Company, the Honda HA-420 HondaJet is the first aircraft developed by Honda Aircraft Company, the light business jet, was designed in which country?
Japan
The fourth season of the Syfy reality television series Face Off premiered on January 15, 2013, including in the grand prize was which 2013, two-door, four-passenger, transverse front-engine, front wheel drive A-segment city car manufactured and marketed by the Fiat subdivision of FCA since 2007 in hatchback coupé and fixed-profile cabriolet body styles, over a single generation?
Fiat 500
The 2014 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season, the team was led by two-time Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award winner, Bob Stoops, a former American college football coach, and is the former head football coach at which university?
University of Oklahoma
The Pantages Theatre hall's ceiling was decorated with a skylight by what American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer?
Tiffany & Company
Which fast fashion clothing company is based in Arteixo, Galicia?
Zara
Paul F. Lorence was shot down while commanding what supersonic aircraft?
General Dynamics F-111 Aardvark
When was the English businesswoman which visited and aimed to transform struggling small businesses in The Business Inspector episode born
10 March 1957
Who is the director of the 2013 American romantic gothic fantasy film that was stared by an American actor whose feature film debuted in Francis Ford Coppola's independent film "Tetro"
Richard LaGravenese
In what year was Choi Dong-hoons film created that had 12.9 million viewers?
2012
Are the Beardstown and Sangamon Canal, and Alexandria Canal both located in the United States?
yes
What year was the man who formed The Council in 1972 born?
1933
When was the company CareFusion is a subsidiary of founded?
1897
Who is the wife of the author whose work inspired the chamber opera "Through the Looking Glass"?
Cate Blanchett
In the 2010 census what was the population of the city where the 2021 World Games will be hosted ?
212,237
Which of two institutes, St. Elizabeths Hospital or Psychiatric Institute of Washington, opened earlier?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
What is the year of the event that occured first, Hertog Jan became part of international Interbrew, or the merger between Interbrew and AmBev?
1995
Gemini is a 2017 American mystery thriller film staring which Canadian actress?
Jessica Parker Kennedy
Rapper Slim Thug collaborated with an artist from what city?
Houston, Texas
Who was Adolf Hitler's private secretary who utilized the Freikorps Sauerland to complete task and missions in the final months of World War III?
Martin Bormann
Scenes from the Class Struggle in Beverly Hills, an 1989 American black comedy that stars Mary Moronov, also featured one of the last performances of which Amerian model and actress? 
Rebecca Schaeffer
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards featured the music video premier of a song off of Taylor Swift's fifth studio album, which was called what?
1989
What type of category does Hohenbergiopsis and Zamioculcas have in common?
genus
What name is locally known for a state route in Kern County, California which is a  truck route, connecting the agricultural land south of the county seat and east of SR 99/I-5, and the city of Arvin?
Bear Mountain Boulevard
What country did Antonia Ferrin Moreiras work in while accomplishing her contributions to Astronomy?
Spain
How is Adrian McLaren connected to Ryan McLaren? 
His cousin
The Pacific Music Festival was founded by a man born in what year?
1918
How is Remington Arms Company related to Remington Spartan 100?
It is marketed and distributed by Remington
What award did President Barack Obama give to the author of the work "On Being"?
National Humanities Medal
Who was the director of the British short film starring the actress who played Patsy Stone in the BBC sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous"?
Susan Luciani
 Nikolai Mikhaylovich Albov is credited with being the first European explorer to have traveled extensively over an archipelago off the southernmost tip of the South American mainland across what strait?         
Strait of Magellan
 The Rush for Second Place was published in 2002 by Penguin Press at the same time as Gaddis's last novel, "Agapē Agape", a novel by what author?
William Gaddis
Where is the plant, which manufactured the British Army's standard rifle from 1895 to 1957, located?
Maltby, South Yorkshire
Sky Track Cycling was a team that included which British jockey and track cyclist?
Victoria Louise Pendleton
Which Mexican beer brand is produced by the Modelo brewery, and was the title sponsor for the football stadium at Torreón?
Corona
What is the capital where Ahafo Ano South is located?
Mankranso
Who is older, Mark Lanegan or Eric Dover
Mark William Lanegan
A Snowball and a Caesar are both what type of beverage?
cocktail
 Jerez de los Caballeros is a town of south-western Spain, also the birthplace of the explorers Hernando de Soto and who?
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Louise Wener and Deni Hines, are both of which musical occupation?
singer
Who was Taylor Swift addressing in the song "Should've Said No"?
her former lover
Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir won the grammy Award for Best Choral Performance for two songs by a composer born in what year ?
1935
Aerial skier Li Nina won silver medals and the 2006 Winter Olympics and another Winter Olympics held in what country?
Canada
The George Bray Neighborhood Center reopened in a ceremony that featured an NBA player who last played for what team?
Sacramento Kings
Who build the ship that sank in the Atlantic Ocean on April 15, 1912?
Harland & Wolff shipyard
Are singers Peter Steele and Sonny Sandoval both lead vocalist of a band?
yes
In what year did the writer of "Inescapable" rise to prominence?
1983
Which skyscraper stands taller, 126 Madison Avenue or Empire State Building?
The Empire State Building
Which is a port city on the coast of China in northeastern Hebei province, Xinmi or Qinhuangdao?
Qinhuangdao
Which western Penobscot County town with a population of only 1,246 in 2010 was home to a republican state senator?
Etna is a town in Penobscot County, Maine
 State Route 96 connects to SR 27 in a town with a population at the 2010 census of what?
2,165
Which major mid-20th century film director lived longer, Philip Ford or Julien Duvivier?
Philip Ford
Which band was formed first, Grizzly Bear or Jesus Jones?
Jesus Jones
What was the nationality of the star of "Bob"?
American
Who produced the film in which "The Borrowers" lost to at the 1998 Best British Film at the BAFTA awards?
Douglas Urbanski and Luc Besson
Harry James Byart, better known by his former stage name, is what, is an English singer, rapper, songwriter and record producer, and has been favourably received by BBC Radio One's Nick Grimshaw, an English television and radio presenter?
Fugative
What experimental architectural community project based at The Park, in Moray, Scotland is home to thousands of residents from 40 countries?
Findhorn Ecovillage
How many seasons did Gregory Allan Williams portray the role of Garner Ellerbee in Baywatch?
one
Terra Nitrogen Company is a subsidiary of what company that was founded in 1946 as the Central Farmers Fertilizer Company?
CF Industries
What bi monthly magazine based in Topeka featured the photographs of Scott Vlaun?
Mother Earth News
When was the founding chairman of New Macau Association born?
Antonio Ng Kuok Cheong
In what year did the venue of the 2003 Insight Bowl open?
1998
What album is the Haddaway song that Pepsi used in a Super Bowl XLII commercial off of?
"The Album"
Who has been a member of more bands, Glen Benton or Spike Slawson?
Spike Slawson
Which is the only genus in family Symplocaceae, Acacia or Symplocos?
Symplocos
The results of The 2018 Prudential U.S. Figure Skating Championships are part of the U.S. selection criteria for which sport event to be held at the Gangneung Ice Arena in Gangneung, South Korea. [5] The five events will take place between 9–23 February 2018?
2018 Winter Olympics
The person Samuel D. Heins presented his credentials to on March 10, 2016 was born in what year?
1937
Which restaurant chain was founded by Val and Zena Weiler in 1957: Home Run Inn or Valentino's?
Valentino's
American comedy television series "Vice Principals" stars which American actress who is known for her supporting roles on the television series "Freaks and Geeks" and "Dawson's Creek"?
Elizabeth Jean "Busy" Philipps
The 1989 Kiev International Tournament, was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Kiev, Soviet Union, in 1989, and the tournament was played at which multi-use sports and recreation facility in Kiev, Ukraine, located on the slopes of the city's central Cherepanov Hill, Pechersk Raion?
Olympic National Sports Complex
The Kid Stays in the Picture and The World of Charlie Company, are which form of entertainment?
film
Luigi Lanzi is buried at a church situated on what plaza?
Piazza di Santa Croce
Thomas married Elizabeth, the widow of John Stewart, 2nd Earl of Buchan, was the daughter of which Scottish nobleman and warlord?
Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas
Rafael Ochoa Guzmán is a Mexican politician who served as a Senator representing one of 31 states which wit hthe Federal District comprise what?
the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico
In 2008 Sub Club was voted the 30th best club in the world by a magazine founded in what year?
1991
Minnesota's 4th congressional district covers nearly all of Ramsey County, including all of St. Paul and most of its suburbs, and is currently represented by which U.S. Representative for Minnesota 's 4 congressional district , serving since 2001?
Betty McCollum
Which town along the B5300 road is 32 miles East of Carlisle?
Workington
Is both Brian Goorjian and David G. Mugar Americans?
yes
Which president that was assassinated  was supported by Victor Gillam?
William McKinley
Bailey Chase starred as what character in a WB Television Network show that reached between four and six million viewers?
Graham Miller
What eponymous family was created by Matt Groening?
Simpson family
What is the name of this Australian band that combines Gothic metal, Doom metal and symphonic metal influences that released the album Requiem-Fortissimo in 2008?
Virgin Black
Which band between A.C. Temple and Ugly Casanova has released more albums so far?
A.C. Temple
What is the shorthand notation for the carboxylic acid in the most common type of sunflower seed?
"18:2 (n-6)" or "18:2 "cis"-9,12"
What metropolitan area is Clyde Hill, Washington, near?
Seattle metropolitan area
Science and Industry is a mod for the video game developed by which company?
Valve
Who released Oh Blue Christmas originally from the 1965 animated television special A Charlie brown Christmas in November 2009?
A Fine Frenzy
The Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy was established by the President who has served since what date?
January 20, 2017
What society of musicians was founded by Mitrofan Belayev and included Russian composer Natoly Lyadov?
the Belyayev circle
In regards to the record label founded by Eazy-E and Dr. Dre in 1986, what is their most recent release, as of 2017?
Gazing at the Moonlight
Kerry McGregor, was a Scottish singer-songwriter and actress from West Lothian, she climbed to national fame after appearing on the third UK series of The X Factor, where she was mentored by Sharon Osbourne, an English television host, media personality, television talent competition judge, author, music manager, modern impresario, businesswoman, and promoter, and the wife of which heavy metal singer-songwriter?
Ozzy Osbourne
Which president signed into the Act which was to lower barriers to adoption and double the rate of adoption of children in foster care by 2002 from a 1996?
Bill Clinton
The International Tour was a concert series by which California-based rock band?
Linkin Park
Aojiru (青汁 ) is a Japanese vegetable drink most commonly made from kale or, which member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain grown in temperate climates globally?
Barley
Are Edward Sloman and Dean Silvers both directors?
yes
How many Emmy Awards have been won by the star of "Watching Ellie"?
eleven
What is located at both Elitch Gardens in Denver, Colorado and at Särkänniemi in Tampere, Finland, similar to the Intamin roller coaster themed after the TV series  located at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota?
steel launched shuttle roller coaster
Sniper 2 is an 2003 American action film directed by Craig R. Baxley and starring who?
Tom Berenger
Where is Y'all magazine based out of?  It is based out of Oxford, Mississippi.
Oxford, Mississippi
Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse was the eldest daughter of what fifth son of Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse and Princess Margaret of Prussia?
Prince Christoph of Hesse
Joseph Smith took over upon the death of what English aeronautical engineer born in 1895
R. J. Mitchell
Are Bernard Malamud and Harry Turtledove both American novelists?
yes
What is the title of this 1991 Irish-British-American musical comedy-drama directed by Alan Parker did Lynda Myles produce?
The Commitments
What year did Jamaican artist Grace Jones release her biggest hit, Pull Up to the Bumper?
1981
Was the band Tomahawk and the band The Amps both formed in the 90s?
yes
who is older Jeremy Horn or Renato Sobral ?
Jeremy Horn
What former World Hockey Association team that Paul Terbenche played were based in Winnipeg, Manitoba?
Winnipeg Jets
The famous game in which Mike Eruzione scored the game-winning goal in took place where?
Lake Placid, New York
Who currently publishes the computer magazine founded by David Bunnell?
Ziff Davis
What state is the music band Sublime based out of that also sang the live album "Stand By your Van" in hte same state?
California
Which American businessman is the uncle of American sports executive Jed York?
Edward J. DeBartolo Jr.
What aeronautical engineer ,born in 1932, was the only  person ever hired into the astronaut corps who had already earned astronaut wings?
Joe Henry Engle
Which plant was been adopted into the traditional medicine of countries far-removed from its original home, Nicandra or Sternbergia?
Nicandra
Roenberg directed a movie named Bandidas starring which two actresses?
Salma Hayek and Penélope Cruz
Which plant, Schisandra or Leucophyta, is able to climb over other vegetation?
Schisandra
The three-member South Korean pop/ballad group Bohemian recorded many soundtracks for these films whose list and category came into existence officially in which year?
1948
What diss song was a response to Mobb Deep, featuring the group the Outlawz?
Hit 'Em Up
Are Third Day and Creed both primarily Christian rock bands?
no
What zoo is found in the same park as ElCid Campeador?
San Diego Zoo
What is the genre of the book series written by Kinley MacGregor?
romance
Who was the director of the made for television film in which the holder of the Miss World America 1972 title starred?
Alan J. Levi
What is the name of the mall which opened in 1977 and is located in Dakota County, Minnesota?
Burnsville Center
Måns Andersson was a pioneer in a colony known as what in latin?
Nova Svecia
Who was the director of the American romantic comedy film for Columbia Pictures in which Grant Thomson was appeared?
Paul Weiland
The Orthodox stance was used by the last boxer in what weight class to hold the undisputed champion title?
heavyweight
Within Four Corners of the United States, which unit of the National Park Service has ruins of the indigenous tribes and is within the boundaries of the Navajo Nation?
Canyon de Chelly National Monument
What do you call the International Numismatic Council, which is also called "Verein" in German?
An association
What was the population in 2010 of the county Saffordville is in?
2,790
Both Dødheimsgard and Avant-garde metal are both examples of what?
metal band
Which man, Henry Winkler or Hugh Schulze, won the Best Feature/Comedy Award at the International Family Film Festival in 2010?
Hugh Schulze
What cosmological model for the universe took place approximately 13.8 Billion years ago and is generally understood to be nucleosynthesis in stars followed by mass ejection?
Big Bang
Armand Schaefer and Thomas Schlamme, are a producer and director?
yes
Adron Chambers, who formerly played for the St. Louis Cardinals now plays in which baseball league?
Can-Am League
What was the name of the military operation where on June 26, 1941, the leader of the 2nd tank division was killed?
Operation Barbarossa
Huldah was one of the seven prophetesses, along with the wife of which future king?
King David
David tucker is a research associate at what school that was founded as the state-funded New Whatcom Normal School?
Western Washington University
 The Rotor is an amusement park ride first demonstrated in 1949 but has been surpassed by an amusement ride designed and manufactured by who?  
Wisdom Industries
What type of person does Prime Minister of Hungary and Viktor Orbán have in common?
leader
When was the home arena of the Louisville Blades added to the National Register of Historic Places?
1980
In between Dicky Barrett and Skin, who is know as Skin?
Deborah Anne Dyer
What band is known for its fast tempo and overall aggression and had a documentary released in 2004 titled after one of their songs?
Metallica
What two-time winner of the Southern Book Award for Fiction also won an award from a privately funded foundation created to recognize annually the greatest accomplishments in art, music, literature, and photography among Mississippians?
Larry Brown
Second Skin and Out of Place, are films of which genre?
documentary
What 43-year-old pornographic actress and sex educator co-hosted the 24th AVN Awards?
Jessica Drake
When was the highway established which is close to Hooker in Pulaski County, Missouri?
November 11, 1926
Which of the two is situated in the Eyup district of Istanbul, Eyüp Sultan Mosque or Column of Marcian?
Eyüp Sultan Mosque
 Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials,  is a 2015 American dystopian science fiction action thriller film based on James Dashner's novel, the new supporting cast includes which Irish actor, born on 24 April 1968?
Aidan Gillen
Byron McCandless was the grandfather of what former naval officer who made the first ever untethered free flight using the Manned Maneuvering Unit in 1984?
Bruce McCandless II
What is the name of this American politician and member of the Democratic Party who serves as the senior United States Senator from Maryland, born in October 1943, and who noted that there is an international campaign to reopen the Halki Seminary?
Ben Cardin
Are University of Minnesota and University of California, Irvine both public universities?
yes
Who is the father of the military commander that captured and freed Lucius Bantius?
Hamilcar Barca
This Japanese Featherweight MMA fighter has competed for DREAM, a Japanese MMA organization. 
Tatsuya Kawajiri
Which player of Birmingham Bears T20 Cricket Club is born on 27 September 1981 ?
Brendon McCullum
The town of Nieuw-Vennep is southwest of what main international airport of Holland?
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The Tamasheq language is spoken principally in an area located 20 km north of what river?
Niger River
Are the Cantabrian Water Dog and Neapolitan Mastiff both dogs?
yes
The 1975 FA Cup Final have two former captains of what international football league?
England national football team
Where was the actress Thekla Reuten, who was one of two actresses, to provide voices, for the 2011 television documentary, "The Short Life of Anne Frank"?
Thekla Simona Gelsomina Reuten (born 16 September 1975) is a Dutch actress.
When was the Hindustani classical vocalist, from the Kasur Patiala Gharana died who popularized the Ka Karoon Sajni Aye Na Baalam?
25 April 1968
Who was an artist, Valie Export or Neil Marshall?
Valie Export
Where were the Olympics held when Badou Jack represented Gambia as a middleweight boxer?
Beijing, China
What is the United States equivalent of the type of entity Fränkisches Theater Schloss Maßbach is run as?
limited liability company
Was both Porgy and Bess and Giulio Cesare composed by a person with the first name George?
yes
No Prayer on the Road is a concert tour in support of an album which marked the first line-up change since what year?
1982
Which genus has more species, Wahlenbergia or Horminum?
Wahlenbergia
Are Piedmont Triad International Airport and LaGuardia Airport both located in North Carolina?
no
What does Ameran Bitsadze compete in?
mixed martial arts
Which nationality was involved in both the creation of The Wild and Wings of Life?
American
Kaurna is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia, it is how many km², a semi-urban electorate on Adelaide's far-southern beaches, taking in the suburbs of Aldinga Beach, an outer southern suburb of Adelaide?
52.7
The Tonino Lamborghini Group was run by the son of a man born in what comune?
Cento
The black revolutionary activist who murdered Gale Ann Benson was executed in what year?
1975
Which band was founded first, Knuckle Puck or Sponge Cola?
Sponge Cola
Aubrey Spencer is from the family that is well-known in what country?
Britain
Which battle took place first, Second Battle of the Marne or Battle of Guam?
The Second Battle of the Marne
Who is the Mayor of Greater Manchester, also a member of the Labour Party, who succeeded John Healey?
Andy Burnham
The physicist who won the 1917 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of Characteristic X Rays was of what nationality?
British
The male honoree of New Dramatists won a Tony for his performance in what musical?
"Kiss Me, Kate"
Which actor who won three Academy Awards acted in the 1998 conspiracy-thriller film Enemy of the State?
Grant Heslov
Yahya Abdul-Mateen II's 2017 starring movie role was directed by this individual?
Seth Gordon
Which magazine was published first, Chic or Swindle?
Chic
"Imitation of Life" is a song by a band formed in what city and state?
Athens, Georgia
(1964) is the third spy film in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions, and the third to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond
star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent
What was the song that the Irish tenor, also a Papal Count, recorded with Anton Strelezki?
Dreams
How many episodes of the Spanish animated television series, on which "The Gnomes' Great Adventure" was based, were produced?
Twenty-six
What was the former function of 'The Mega Cavern' that passes beneath the State Zoo of Kentucky?
limestone mine
The cuisine of Hawaii incorporates how many distinct styles of food reflecting the diverse food history of settlement and immigration in the Hawaiian Islands, in the pre-contact period of Ancient Hawaii (300 AD–1778), Polynesian voyagers brought plants and animals to the Islands?
five
What is the name of the 1968 suspense and espionage film that starred a certain actor known for his gruff yet calm voice, pronounced eyebrows, and mischievous grin?
Ice Station Zebra
Csaba Csáki studied under a theoretical physicist that is a Professor of Science at what university?
Harvard University
What is the name of  Grocery Company based in San Antonio, Texas where Manzanita Sol is also sold? 
H-E-B
What was the name of Patrick Bouvier Kennedy's younger brother, who was known as an American lawyer, journalist, magazine publlisher?
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
eBags carries the brand of which American fashion designer and businesswoman born on December 24, 1962?
Kate Spade
Together is a Hungarian political party that contrasted the government of the Prime Minister who has held the post since what year?
2010
What subject of Andy Warhol's film "Sleep" has sat in on  Bernadette Mayer's workshopts?
John Giorno
What is the name of a philanthtopist represented by Greg Bautzer?
Kirk Kerkorian
Where was the band that played shows along side Jordy Towers on vocals from?
Washington, D.C.
What type of publication does American Way and Texas Highways have in common?
magazine
What month did South Park release the episode Put It Down?
September
What American guitarist and singer is famous for their collaboration with Josh Lattanzi?
Albert Hammond Jr.
Debjit Majumder, is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for which sports team, in the Indian Super League?
Atlético de Kolkata
Who directed the 1996 romantic comedy starring Matt Dillon and featuring music from the album Forever Blue?
Ted Demme
What coach did the 2009 rams beat
Jim Schwartz
John William Friso is the most recent common ancestor of what
family tree for the Princes of Orange
The song "Sunlight" by Belgian producer The Magician features guest vocals by which English singer who also is the lead singer of the band Years & Years?
Olly Alexander
Where did Shoshana Bean perform at the Broadway Rose Theatre Company?
Tigard
Chris Carson has performed works by which composer of 9 symphonies?
Ludwig van Beethoven
Which comedy duo is one of the creators of Jash best known for being half of?
Tim & Eric
When was the character Beverly Marsh created in the novel of It?
1986
What "Enola Gay" pilot has a war film based on him called Above and Beyond?
Paul Warfield Tibbets Jr.
Global Philanthropy Group is a consulting firm that provides philanthropic services for high-net-worth individuals, charitable foundations and corporations, their clients include Tory Burch, an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and philanthropist, who has won several fashion awards for her designs, she is the Chairman, and what, and Designer of Tory Burch LLC
CEO
 "Member Berries" is the first episode in the twentieth season of the American animated television series "South Park",  an American adult animated sitcom created by which two people?
Trey Parker and Matt Stone
What band Formed in 1983 under the name Legacy has a member of an American jazz music trio comprising the guitarist Alex Skolnick, Matt Zebroski on drums, and Nathan Peck on bass?
Testament
Who may be best known for his role in the 1965–69 television series "The Wild Wild West" who also starred in an action 1977 film costarring Thayer David?
Robert Conrad Falk
The longest running hacker conference in the US was run by an ezine first published on what date?
November 17, 1985
Was the band Vector or The Golden Seals formed first?
Vector
Are Alejandro Springall and John Schlesinger both film directors ?
yes
Phil Hay was the screenwriter for "Ride Along" which starred which famous comedian?
Kevin Hart
Todd Bowles was the head coach for the New York Jets during the 2016 season, he played eight seasons in the NFL as what posistion?
safety
Which alternative rock band was the first to form, No Devotion or Soul Asylum?
Soul Asylum
Who operates the network other than ESPNU and KTXX-FM that Ahmad D. Brooks is a broadcaster for?
ESPN
Between Kansas City International Airport and Bismarck Municipal Airport, which airport is categorized as a primary commercial service airport?
Bismarck Municipal Airport
Who was bullied in middle school, but later created a studio album?
Out of Light is the debut studio album of American electronic music producer and DJ Slushii.
What year did a Gold Diggers of 1933 actress, Ruby Keeler, make a comeback on Broadway in? 
1971
Anthony Mandler is an American film director, music video director, television commercial director and photographer, a frequent collaborator of Rihanna, the two have worked on sixteen music videos together throughout her career, beginning with "Unfaithful", a 2006 song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me", released in what year?
2006
What does the corporation that owns LIG Nex1 make?
electronics, chemicals, and telecom products
Who owns the test unit operated by Aerospace Testing Alliance?
United States Air Force
The U.S express supported which federation?
World Wrestling Federation
Are both K's Choice and Transvision Vamp Belgian rock groups?
no
The site that was the operating base for FMA IA Pucara was attacked in 1982 by which segment of the British Army?
British Special Forces
Who was the son of the of the warlord that was posthumously honored as "Emperor Wu of Wei"?
Cao Zizheng
Shawn Mullins and The Bawdies share different in styles on what same genre of music?
rock
when was The 52nd annual Berlin International Film Festival held?
February 6 to 17, 2002
Who was born first, Alex O'Brien or Frederik Nielsen?
Alex O'Brien
In what year did the British Comedy Beyond a Joke feature the disgraced politician who resigned in 1988 after a scandal surrounding salmonella in eggs?
2009
Who is the younger brother of the member of White Zombie who has worked with Tommy Victor?
Spider One
 Which is located in Jiangsu province, Nantong and Lishi District?
Nantong
What footballer took over Lee Johnsons management position with Barnsley and Oldham Athletic?
Dean Thomas John Holden
Which university did boxing lightweight fighter who lost the 2009 all-action slugfest choose to attend after boxing?
Dartmouth Law School
What denomination did the only school to provide tri-racial students an education follow?
Presbyterian
Which one of the original members was born in U.S.
Jessica Jung
The Ozark Highlands AVA includes land in what Missouri county that changed its name?
Texas County
The woman who plays bass and does vocals for the band Warpaint was born on what day?
born July 30, 1981
Who's ancestors migrated to the island that is southwest of Oodaaq?
Inuit
Who is the mascot of the university featured in the Bedlam Series whose current athletic director is Mike Holder?
Pistol Pete
Who directed the 1982 film starring the nominatee for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Huston Dyer in the 1979 musical drama "The Rose"?
Francis Ford Coppola
What kind of animal served under Sir Edward Richard George Heath to catch mice?
cat
Who produced the song "Smokin' and Drinkin?" 
Frank Liddell, Chuck Ainlay, and Glenn Worf
Moana, South Australia neighbors which suburb in Onkaparinga?
Port Noarlunga
Is Papa John's Pizza or East of Chicago Pizza based further north?
East of Chicago Pizza
Which coastal region boasts a duke named Unno who speaks Frisian?
Frisia
What is the nationality of the Manchester United football player who participated in the 2009 Football League Cup Final?
Argentine
What county was the Skene built in?
Androscoggin County
Peter Berg directed which 1998 black comedy film
Very Bad Things
Are the cities Dongxing, Guangxi and Zhaotong located on the same continent?
yes
Which film featured an actor from Mississippi and another American actor who is also a director?
"The Birth of a Nation"
The Jean Béliveau Trophy is given to the top scorer in the major ice hockey league that is part of what larger league?
Canadian Hockey League
Where is the the real estate company located that has Larry Tenenbaum as it's chairman?
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Who was born first, Theodore H. White or Nelson DeMille?
Theodore Harold White
BeoCom is a line of telephones manufactured by Bang & Olufsen (B&O), is a high-end Danish consumer electronics company that designs and manufactures audio products, television sets, and telephones, founded in which year?
1925
Stephanie Nadolny voiced her first non-anime role on the program "Lakewood Plaza Turbo" shown on the animation studio owned by a subsidiary of what?
Time Warner
What Swordsman II actor was a Hong Kong actress known for her role in "Thirteenth Aunt?"
Rosamund Kwan
One of the only manufacturers of immersion lithography systems is a Dutch company that is a component of what stock market index?
Euro Stoxx 50
This Jingle Bell Ball performer released his second studio album in 2009 entitled what?
Ready for the Weekend
How many scenes would one find in the film where the actor known best for his role of Peter in "Jesus Christ Superstar" plays  a charecter set in a mythical Main town?
eleven
The 2005 MTV Movie Awards were hosted by which comedian and actor?
James Thomas Fallon
A notable player who has tucked his jersey in is a Russian professional ice hockey winger and captain of what team?
Washington Capitals
What is the main opposition party to the President of Nigeria?
All Progressive Congress (APC)
What is another name for the online protest that opposed the transfer of ex-detainees from Guantanamo Bay in 2016?
Occupy Flagstaff House
Town of Greece v. Galloway and United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp. were both cases heard by what court?
United States Supreme Court
This American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross stars a two-time Academy Award nominee that has won one Emmy Award out of how many nominations?
seven
A Story is an album recorded in 1974 by a singer born in what year?
1933
The "Directa" decretal was written by Pope Siricius in February AD 385, it took the form of a long letter to Spanish bishop Himerius of Tarragona replying to the bishop’s requests for "directa" on various subjects sent several months earlier to which Pope of the Catholic Church from October 366 to his death in 384? 
Pope Damasus I
 Trinity Bridge is a three-way footbridge designed by a Spanish architect whose sculptural forms often resemble what?
living organisms
What is one thing mattel Developed?
Fashions and Doll Concepts
Are Miguel Delibes and Iain Banks both Scottish authors?
no
Which enclosed shopping mall can be found in the Westshore district of Tampa, Florida, alongside International Plaza?
WestShore Plaza
What Czech actress won an Academy Award for a song also recorded by The Frames?
Markéta Irglová
What other real-life basketball stars in blue chips with Anfernee "Penny" Hardaway
Shaquille O'Neal
Jim Steinman wrote the pop song "You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth" for which longtime top-selling album?
Bat Out of Hell
Kick Your Ass in 17 Minutes includes music written by what Greek-Canadian musician born in 1966
Phil X
American Satan is an upcoming American thriller film, set to be released in theaters on Friday of which month, and date, one of its stars is Tori Black, an American pornographic actress?
13th of October
What type of games are Blokus and Splendor?
board game
Are Shangzhi and the Zengcheng District in the same province?
no
Which genre of music is performed by both Paul Westerberg and Hello Sleepwalkers?
alternative rock
Myra Breckinridge is a 1970 American comedy film that starred an American film director, screenwriter and actor who directed how many feature films?
37
When was the American rock band formed after leaving which Peter Cetera published his third album One More Story (1988)?
1967
The indie pop/rock band Peter Bjorn and John and Hot Snakes both formed in what year?
1999
Hayuya was a chief from a group that was found in what general location on Earth?
Western Hemisphere
who wrote the screenplay which  Jacqueline Obradors appeared in 
Michael Browning
Originally called Colonia Dignidad is the current organization occupying the location of the infamous and disgraced Colonia Dignidad is now called?
Villa Baviera
What project is a rail infrastructure project that includes a twin rail tunnel and the building of the Arden railway station?  
Melbourne Metro Rail Project
Are "Woodstock" and "Meru" both documentary films?
yes
The indie rock supergroup consisting of Honus Honus of Man Man, Nicholas Thorburn of Islands and The Unicorns, and Joe Plummer joined up with the actor who portrayed George Michael Bluth to tour with and support which band?
Passion Pit
The American band Catfish Vollins played with was led by who?
George Clinton
Which cocktail contains gin, London Fog or Fizzy apple cocktail?
London Fog
Who portrayed the protagonist  character in "The Twilight Saga: Eclipse"? 
Kristen Stewart
Which channel on TV gave heavy rotation to the video for the Prince song covered by Chyp-Notic?
MTV
The English language print of "Sweden: Heaven and Hell" was narrated by an actor best known for his starring role in what 1954 film?
"The Egyptian"
What animated series is based on the Vulpes zerda?
Fennec
What was the original purpose of the Naval air station where the VMA-322 was based?
Navy blimp base
Which institute is non-profit, Ashesi University or Western Institute of Technology?
Ashesi University
what family do Kiwi and the common ostrich belong to?
ratite family
Val Diamond (born 1951) is a stage performer and San Francisco icon, best known for her role in which of the world's longest-running musical revue, that began its run in 1974?
Beach Blanket Babylon
Which hotel in Las Vegas does Justin Timberlake host his annual benefit concert?
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas
Within the will of Walter Llewellyn Bullock, the books of which 14th century Italian poet were left to the University of Manchester?
Durante degli Alighieri
Which movie was realesed first, Doug's 1st Movie or Miracle?
Doug's 1st Movie
Amenherkhepshef is buried in the tomb in the valley that housed pharaohs from what time frame?
16th to 11th century BC
The Knovíz culture was part of which central European Bronze Age culture?
Urnfield culture
"XXX"  is a song written by American rapper Kendrick Lamar and  an Irish musician and actor, best known as the drummer of what Irish rock band?
U2
Which bimonthly magazine focused on DIY projects has Quinn Norton appeared in?
Make
What simulator ride at Universal Studios was based on a TV show and replaced Back to the Future: The Ride?
"The Simpsons" Ride
What American religious and cult leader appeared on Cam'ron's second studio album S.D.E?
Jim Jones
When was the cricket league broadcast on Sony MAX founded?
2007
What kind of games are The Elder Scrolls and Radiant AI known for?
video
In That's So Raven, what spin off did Kyle Massey (Cory Baxter) star in?
Cory in the House
In what year was the man that resigned as the president of Israel before the Israeli presidential election, 2000 born?
1924
In what year was the journalist who hosted "The Real Story" born?
1966
Are both Bambi and Christopher Robin Disney films?
yes
Both Gleneig North and the City of Holdfast Bay are suburbs of what South Australian city?
Adelaide
Namib and Nanda Devi and Valley of Flowers National Parks, are in India?
no
Which 1974 American crime film contained a fictional character named Pat Geary?
The Godfather Part II
The Baker Street Jewish Cemeteries are located on land that are part of what farm that was founded by George Ripley and his wife?
Brook Farm
Right Round by Flo Rida heavily samples on what song by British band Dead or Alive, fro their 1985 album "Youthquake"?
You Spin Me Round
Akhilendra Mishra played the character of Arjan in a film directed by who?
Ashutosh Gowariker
Which of Tracy Anderson's clients was born on May 13, 1986 ?
Lena Dunham
Leymus and Cyrtomium, are native to which mutual location?
Asia
Andrew Luck played for the 2014 Indianapolis Colts and what college team?
Stanford
What was the nickname given to the woman who held a fundraiser in 2007 in Palm Beach, Florida with the nonprofit organization For Darfur?
Queen of Prep
What is the stage name of the Danish Norwegian electronic music group that produced Pink Cloud as their fourth EP?
Pegboard Nerds
What flag does the Swiss born Formula One driver who competed in the 2015 season for Lotus race under?
the French flag
What apartheid system opponent is the father of screenwriter Shawn Slovo?
Joe Slovo
Ben Miles portrays a character in "The Crown" who had a romance with which member of the royal family?
Princess Margaret
Who has a wider scope of profession, Ion Țiriac or Flavia Pennetta?
Ion Țiriac
Which team signed the American football quarterback who played college football at the school repsented by The Aggies?
Philadelphia Eagles
Nicholas P. Samios (born on March 15, 1932) is an American physicist and former director of the Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Upton, New York, in which location?
Long Island
Birch Point is a peninsula that is located in what county of Maine?
Washington County
The birthplace of the musician Jonas Kocher lies on the shores of which lake in Switzerland?
Lake Geneva
What is the Chang'e 3 and Extreme Ultraviolet Explorer?
was a space telescope for ultraviolet astronomy
Are  Bent Hamer and Luchino Visconti from the same continent?
yes
Roger Taylor and Alicia Molik, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
Hans Jörg Schelling served under which chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Austria?
Werner Faymann
What 3D animated movie was written and directed by British film director Garth Jennings?
Sing
 In 2008, Gabor Boritt received the National Humanities Medal from a politician that was governor of what state from 1995 to 2000? 
Texas
Killochan Castle and its accompanying railway station are both located in what area of Scotland?
South Ayrshire
Asahi Point Zero  is a non-alcoholic (0.00% ABV) beer sold in Japan by a brewery based in which city ?
Tokyo
The Prussian Acting Interior Minister that gave Hitler control of the German police was the last commander of what fighter wing?
Jagdgeschwader
In what county in Oregon did Kayna Whitworth work?
Deschutes County
Have Spencer Gordon Bennet and Paul McGuigan both directed films?
yes
What industry were both Mike Nichols and Liam Lynch a part of?
film
Bardolph is the subject for insults by which character, the young Henry V?
Prince Hal
The 361st Fighter Group was part of a combat organization that was the predecessor of which branch of the United States Military?
United States Air Force
Who published the 2008 game Ross Watson  was the lead developer on?
Black Industries
The  2008 Football League Championship play-off Final was won by Hull City through a 38th-minute goal by a player born in what year?
1969
Stillman House follows the demonstration that now sits at which 40-room National Trust house?
Kykuit
In what year did the San Francisco DJs who founded Organized Nature in 2005 first win the Winter Music Conference IDMA award?
2007
The authors of model-dependent realism claim that what type of theory may not exist?
Unified Field Theory
What vessel was first flown around the world by the man who owned the catamaran "Cheyenne"?
balloon
Who wrote an eight-part song cycle for an English mezzo-soprano born in 1933?
Dominick Argento
What high school is named after an inventor who is credited with creating and building the world's first liquid-fueled rocket?
Robert H. Goddard High School
What was a real first name of an author of Lonesome ROad recording?
Arthel Lane
Where did this The Butterfly Effect star begin her career as a fashion model?
Italy
What animal does Chow Chow and Glen of Imaal Terrier have in common?
dog
When was the former Chief Excecutive of aan Indian multinational IT services company that is a subsidiary of HCL Enterprise born?
January 8, 1965
Which collaborative studio album by American rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West by Roc-A-Fella Records, Roc Nation, and Def Jam Recordings did Frank Ocean make guest appearances?
Watch the Throne
 Who directed more films, Sidney Morgan or Fabián Bielinsky?
Sidney Morgan
Edward Snyder was a cameraman on a show called Hell's Angels produced by who?
Howard Hughes
The author of "Personal Foul: A First-Person Account of the Scandal That Rocked the NBA" refereed in the NBA for how many seasons?
13
Fools Crow was a novel written by the author who grew up in which two cultures?
Blackfeet and A'aninin
Multekrem is commonly served with a confection that is of what heritage?
Danish
What Spanish professional football club that plays their home games at the Wanda Metropolitano, opened a  training ground and academy base  on 13 September 1995?
Club Atlético de Madrid
What occupation did John G. Adolfi and Cecil B. DeMille share?
filmmaker
Who directed the "Saw" film that Gregg Hoffman was working on when he died?
Darren Lynn Bousman
Which news network is the former First Lady of California and a contributor to the American news magazine series 1986 alongside Roger Mudd and Connie Chung working at right now?
NBC News
The Wild Cat (initially The Joy Ride) was a wooden roller coaster located at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania, the roller coaster was constructed in 1923 by which one of the oldest existing roller coaster manufacturing companies in the world, based in Hatfield, Pennsylvania?
Philadelphia Toboggan Company (PTC)
The award which Leslie Manser collected was the  highest award of which  honours system
United Kingdom
When does the American football running back born who was featured in Minnesota Vikings eighth-generation versions?
March 21, 1985
The 81st Troop Carrier Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit whose last assignment was with the 436th Troop Carrier Group, based at Grenier Air Force Base, a former United States Air Force base located three miles (5 km) south of the central business district of what state? 
New Hampshire
Are James Ellroy and Saki both published writers ?
yes
In what zip code would one find the Zion Episcopal Church?
Mineola 11501
Who was known for his association with Scott Cooley and known as an associate of the loosely federated group of outlaw Cochise County?
Johnny Ringo.
Nathan Thompson, English footballer, has a brother, Louis, who also plays pro football for Norwich.  What is Louis' nationality?
Welsh
In which state was Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico executed on 19 June 1867?
Querétaro
The physicist who made an argument with Enrico Fermi against the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations has described himself as what?
a white separatist
Which season did the Simpsons episode that Huell Howser appeared in air?
21st
The production designer who was nominated for Academy Award and BAFTA for Best Production Design for her work on a 2009 fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam was born in what year?
1974
North Mountain was billed as a cross between Rambo and another film directed by whom?
Ang Lee
Vania King and Cyril Suk III both specialize in what type of Tennis play?
doubles
Which railroad was acquired by the Union Pacific Corporation and became part of one of the world's largest transportation companies?
Western Pacific Railroad
What was the name of the resident class genius the Bart attempted to recruit for help him with history in the second episode of the series produced by Matt Groening, James L. Brooks, and Sam Simon?  
Martin Prince
Markus Löw is the brother of the head coach of what team?
Germany national team
Nino Cocchiarella, is a Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Indiana University, a public research university located in Bloomington, Indiana, in which country?
United States
What is the nationality of the film director who directed "The Secret Tournament" global advertising campaign ?
American-born British
What marine vessels navigated in the swamp where Trelleborg is located?
Viking ships
Are Franz Kafka and Tracy Chevalier both novelists?
yes
What is the birthdate of this Canadian-American actor, voice actor, comedian, screenwriter, and graphic artist, who was part of the cast of NewsRadio, in his final regular role before his death?
September 24, 1948May
Andy Dixon, is a Canadian artist and musician, who gained notoriety as a member of the North Vancouver punk rock band d.b.s, he began to cut up audio recordings he made himself and compose glitch, which type music under the alias Secret Mommy, which genre is the electronic music that emerged in the early 1990s and was characterized by an experimental or "cerebral" sound better suited for home listening than dancing?
Intelligent dance music (commonly IDM)
What vehicle was introduced in 1998 by Daimler AG as a City car which battery electric variant's field testing started in London in 2007?
Smart Fortwo
Peter Corriston has worked with an English singer-songwriter who gained fame as the lead singer of what band? 
Rolling Stones
Davy Crockett Lake is a body of water impounded by a dam on which 115 mile river in western North Carolina and East Tennessee?
Nolichucky River
When was the Senate election in New York in 2006 in which Hillary Rodham Clinton won?
November 7, 2006
Fight Life is a feature-length documentary on the sport of mixed martial arts, featuring Miesha Tate, an American Mixed Martial Arts Pundit and former mixed martial artist who is a champion in what fighting weight?
Bantamweight
What event in track and field athletics was removed from the Olympic schedule after 1904, and has an Asian indoor record held by Talal Mansour Al-Rahim? 
60 metres
No, No, No was on an albub that charted at what number?
49
John Austin and Mahesh Bhupathi, share which mutual former occupation?
professional tennis player
The actress that plays Olive Neal in "Bullets over Broadway" also co-stars with Sofia Carson in a 2016 teen comedy musical film directed by who?
Michelle Johnston
What Australian bushranger was popularized in The Inner History of the Kelly Gang and Their Pursuers"?
Ned Kelly
The 1998–99 NBA season ended with Alonzo Mourning finishing 2nd in MVP voting behind the player with what nickname?
The Mailman
Which 1987 worldwide chart-topper was originally on the album 20/20 by George Benson?
Nothing's Gonna Change My Love for You
Are Prince and Frederic Zelnik both American actors?
no
This song co-written by Moor, Troy Verges, and Blair Daly released on August 21, 2015 came from which studio album?
"Wild Ones"
What is the middle name of Benjamin O. Davis Sr.'s son?
Oliver
Which is a computer-animated superhero film, Eleanor's Secret or Astro Boy?
Astro Boy
Are Toby Rand and Holly Johnson both nationals of the same country ?
no
Ingrid Goes West is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed by Matt Spicer, the film stars include Elizabeth Chase Olsen, an American actress, born on which date?
February 16, 1989
The philosopher of whom Rush Reese was literary executor taught at which university?
University of Cambridge
Bill Richardson pardoned Eliadah McCord after being convicted of what?
smuggling heroin
Salvatore Bonanno and his father Joseph, mobsters from Cosa Nostra, were the subject of Gay Talese's book Honor Thy Father. What was his father's nickname?
Joe Bananas
Which county-level city is under the administration of Yingkou City, Gaizhou or Arxan?
Gaizhou
"Girls Got Rhythm" is a song by popular rock band AC/DC, it is found on their 1979 album, titled what, released on 27 July 1979?
Highway to Hell
Stabyhoun and French Bulldog, are a breed of what?
dog
Former farm and vinyard, which park is in the Electoral District of elder?
Clovelly Park
When was the director of Blackball born? 
3 December 1952
The 1982 Tigers drew how many people to the stadium previously known as  Navin Field and Briggs Stadium?
1,636,058
"Vato" is single produced by an American production duo composed of who?
Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo
What ABC series is the actress who played Mary in the 2017 American drama film about a 7 year old who ecomes the subject of a custody battle between her uncle and grandmother in?
Designated Survivor
Pseudechis includes the species of snake that is found in what country?
Australia
Is Berea College of the University of Delaware further west?
Berea College
Which country is Esaki in?
Japan
What show preceded the show that Ali Sepasyar is best known for?
Bobb'e Says
In which country is the publisher of Oathbringer located?
United States
Pure Comedy is the third studio album by an American singer, songwriter, guitarist and drummer who has produced one album for who?
Matthew Daniel Siskin
Gadowar Singh Sahota, is an Indian/Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler known as Gama Singh and Great Gama, his relative of which relationship, is current WWE Champion Jinder Mahal, an Indo-Canadian professional wrestler?
nephew
Eneko Satrústegui Plano plays for which Spanish football team based in Lleida?
Club Lleida Esportiu
Are Charles de Lint and Lionel Trilling both writers ?
yes
What team defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in 4 games, and plays in the Yankee Stadium?
New York Yankees
What is the group's former name that now has an office with the Chief Actuary besides the Social Security Administration?
Health Care Financing Administration
A female journalist for the magazine known for its annual rankings of American colleges and universities broke the story about which Bush appointee?
David Hager
The female star of A Night Full of Rain played what role on Boston Legal?
Shirley Schmidt
In what year was the employment website created which was later attacked by the Zeus Trojan Horse malware?  
1999
What year was the actor who portrayed the platoon leader of Company B in "Band of Brothers" born?
1969
Which military officer hailed from Koboko?
Idi Amin
When did the male star of the film Houseboat become an American citizen ?
1942
James Francis "Jimmy" Cagney Jr. starred in White Heat, written by what writer?
Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts
Are Crocosmia and Correa both genuses?
yes
Palace Entertainment is an American amusement and entertainment company located in which city in California, the company was established in 1998 after the acquisition of four independently owned family entertainment companies with the five brand, including Boomers!, Boomers! Parks is a chain of family entertainment centers which feature indoor activities such as carousels, kiddie swings, restaurants, musical shows, and video game arcades, and outdoor activities such as miniature golf, kiddie rides, bumper boats, batting cages, go-karts, kiddie roller coasters, and laser tag?
Newport Beach
Zing a Little Zong is a popular song written by Harry Warren, and was nominated for what, in 1952?
Academy Award for Best Original Song
Pioneer is the first studio album by Pioneer, Pioneer, formerly which organization, that is an American Christian music band?
News from Verona
M. Caldwell Butler is a native of an independent city in Virginia, that is located in the Roanoke Valley, and had what population in the 2010 census?
97,032
Who lived earlier, Ibn Khaldun or Muhammad Baqir Yazdi?
Ibn Khaldun
Which sort of sun was the god that Imhotep was the high priest for associated with?
the noon sun
Lake of Fire is a 2006 documentary film directed by Tony Kaye features, among others, Norma McCorvey, better known by what legal pseudonym? 
"Jane Roe"
What position does the winner of the 2010 South American Footballer of the Year play?
attacking midfielder
In 1701, Jean-Baptiste  was named engraver to what king who reigned for 72 years and 110 days?
Louis XIV
Bill Tung was a Hong Kong actor who played in what crime-action film series directed by Jackie Chan, Stanley Tong, Benny Chan and Ding Sheng?
Police Story
What American sitcom, billed as a spin-off of "Maude", shared an actor with "The Jeffersons"?
Good Times
Konni was a female black Labrador Retriever belonging to a Russian president born in what year?
1952
Who produced the album that "My Apocalypse" is a single on?
Rick Rubin
What year did a French cabaret singer star in a Marcel Blistène film?
1946
The 2011 Speedwat Grand Prix of Great Britain took place in a stadium that is home to what team? 
Wales national rugby union team
Ed is an NBC television program co-produced by an American television comedian, writer, and producer who hosted a late night television talk show for how long?
33 years
Which award was won in 1990, by the scorer of the tying run in game 7 of the 1992 National League Championship ?
Rookie of the Year Award
Question: The opera sometimes called La favola d'Orfeo's original name is L'Orfeo or La scala di seta?
L'Orfeo
Which writer illustrated a Japanese Manga Series which spent 18 weeks at the top of the New York Times Manga Best Sellers list of 2009?
Masashi Kishimoto
"The Carpet Crawlers" is a song from a concept album released by which record label ?
Charisma Records
Who was born first, Antonio Machado or Stella Gibbons?
Antonio Machado
The song Love Is All I Got was relased by a band who's second album was released in May 2013, what was their second album called?
"Cave Rave"
Which magazine was founded first, Glamour or Vogue?
Vogue
What other book did the author of "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption" publish?
Skeleton Crew
Who is known more for their biographical novels, Irving Stone or Elinor Lipman?
Irving Stone
 Lisa Smith-Batchen was the first American to win  Marathon des Sables a six day marathon that spans how long of a distance?
251 km ultramarathon
Which of Jamill Kelly's students ranks as the sixth best pound-for-pound fighter in the UFC? 
Daniel Cormier
Where does one editor the Cambridge Guide to Women's Writing in English hold academic positions?
University of Warwick and Newnham College, Cambridge.
What movie made in 1989 about an American superhero shares the name of the video game developed by Suncroft for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy?
Batman
Was gold found at Catcha Lake or Burwash Mine in 1934?
The Burwash Mine was a small gold property
The Maynard carbine was a breech-loaded carbine used by cavalry in the American Civil War, about 3,000 Maynard carbines were in Confederate hands during the war; 5,000 in .35 caliber were purchased by Florida, 650 in .50 by Georgia, and 325 in .50 and 300 in .35 by which was the second southern state to declare its secession from the United States of America, on January 9, 1861?
Mississippi
 Stony Awards presented a posthumous award to what American cannabis rights activist and the author of "The Emperor Wears No Clothes",
Jack Herer
What American rapper, comedian, television personality, television host and actress hosted Girl Code Live?
Awkwafina
What event measured a 5.6 on the Richter magnitude scale and led to the establishment of the New South Wales Urban Search and Rescue Task Force 1?
1989 Newcastle earthquake
Which British Internet magazine that uses primarily a broadly libertarian perspective is Brendan O'Neil an editor for?
Spiked
When was the 1st Earl of Ypres born who attacked attacked the Boer force from the rear while mounted infantry?
28 September 1852
Which of the vocalists which performed Geary Lanier Faggett's song was born in December 5, 1931?
James Cleveland
How many international residetns are there in the city where Jasmine Choi was born?
678,102
What type of aviation are the Jack Brooks Regional Airport and the Lake Charles Regional Airport used for?
general aviation
Are both Those Calloways and Tomorrowland of the same genre?
no
In which decade were Apricot Computers and the Tiki 100 produced for the educational market?
mid-1980s
Melanie Jayne Chisholm's fourth tour was called what?
Beautiful Intentions Tour
Who were the two lead stars of the 1961 film Lover Come Back co-staring the actress who played Alice Nelson in ABC's "The Brady Bunch"?
Doris Day and Rock Hudson
What is taller, Bank of America Tower or 1345 Avenue of the Americas?
The Bank of America Tower
Who is a ficitional superhero that appeared in DC Comics and had Rama as a potential love interest?
Wonder Woman
Steven Gilmore who has created promotional materials for the 2008 film The Dark Night is most known for his artwork in what other form?
album cover design
John Stephen Goodman, is an American actor, early in his career, he was best known for playing which male primary fictional character in the "Roseanne" television series?
Dan Conner
This British record producer/engineer born in 1947  was involved with the production of Supertramp's Crime of the Century and various songs with David Bowie was born in which year?
1947
the World's Most Dangerous Party featured this American singer and founder of the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts who was born in what year
1926
The Salvation received a 4/5 rating from a hip hop magazine published by whom?
Townsquare Media
Park Dietz testified in the criminal case against this man whom  was associated with members of the American Mafia
Richard Kuklinski
What MLB team is owned by the person who was on the cover of the special edition of NBA 2K16?
Miami Marlins
What was the occupation of Roc Emerson in the series "Roc", which starred Rocky Carroll and Charles S. Dutton?
garbage collector
The wife of Hank Penny is best know for the hits "Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)" and what other song?
"Norman"
In what country were the second Summer Olympics at which Hanna Titimets represented Ukraine celebrated?
Brazil
What fictional universe is aired on the CW for The Flash?
Arrowverse
What position in football did the nephew of Wade Watts play?
quarterback
In what year was the man, who authored a self-help and meditation program that claims to increase an individual's abilities through relaxation and development of higher brain functions, born?
1914
Jam! is a Canadian website that is part of an online portal that has its head office in this city?
Toronto
Richard James Gardner, is an American professional football player, he played three seasons in the National Football League for which professional American football team based in Nashville, Tennessee, and previously known as the Houston Oilers, the team began play in 1960 in Houston, Texas, as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL)?
Tennessee Titans
Low cost airline SmartWings, and its parent airline Travel Service, are based at Václav Havel Airport 12km west of which European capital?
Prague
The Girl In 14G is a song by the composer of what nationality?
American
The artist who composed K.365/316a, better known as Piano Concerto No. 10, was the son of whom?
Leopold and Anna Maria Mozart
Who's film "Le Monde du silence" won the Palme d'Or in 1956 and the Academy Award for Best Documentary in 1957, Louis Malle or  Arne Sucksdorff?
Louis Marie Malle
Is Karjiang higher than Istor-o-Nal?
yes
Who has one more Fields Medals, Vladimir Voevodsky or Aleksandr Lyapunov.?
Vladimir Alexandrovich Voevodsky
Ilya Naishuller and Sacha Guitry are from which countries?
Alexandre-Pierre Georges "Sacha" Guitry (] ; 21 February 188524 July 1957) was a French stage actor, film actor, director, screenwriter, and playwright of the Boulevard theatre.
What was released first, Bang! or American Megafauna?
American Megafauna
The 1994 Shankill Road killings took place on 16 June 1994, the Loughinisland massacre, is believed to have been a further retaliation, it took place on which date, in the small village of Loughinisland, County Down, Northern Ireland? 
18 June 1994
In what country was the album Hot Dog is on recorded?
Sweden
which  American professional basketball player was given the Dave Gavitt Trophy 
Jeffrey Lynn Green
Who has more members in their group Grimes or Deacon Blue?
Deacon Blue
GRAIL MoonKAM, was an education and public outreach program that was part of NASA’s GRAIL satellite mission to map the Moon’s gravity, the education program was led by Sally Ride Science—the science education company founded by Sally Ride, was a physicist and America's first woman in space, in which year?
1983
The Akmerkez mall and Haseki Sultan Complex of mosques are landmarks in which ancient city?
Istanbul
Which univeristy was founded first, Manipal Institute of Technology or University of Cape Town?
University of Cape Town
Which American medical doctor was convicted in 1979 of murdering his pregnant wife and two daughters and is the subject of Joe McGinniss' 1983 book "Fatal Vision"?
Jeffrey R. MacDonald
Who wrote the screen play for the film that had a soundtrack release called Saw?
Leigh Whannell
What profession does H. L. Mencken and Arturo Uslar Pietri have in common?
journalist
When does the writer of the book Morecambe & Wise: There's No Answer To That! born?
14 May 1926
The Anadarko Basin includes which gas field that takes its name from a town in Kansas?
Hugoton Gas Field
At which University did the sociologist who popularised the term "Unintended consequences" spend most of his career and attain the rank of University Professor?
at Columbia University
Who wrote the film that was followed by "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay" and "A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas"?
Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg
Who was born first, Albert Einstein or Bob Woodward?
Albert Einstein
Kenneth J. Hagan is a retired faculty member of the distance education facility of the college headquartered in what city?
Newport, Rhode Island
Where are the singers of "You Make My Dreams" from?
Philadelphia
What two topics has the writer of songs for an NBC television series lectured on?
mathematics and musical theater
What role is Edward Timpson from Crewe most associated with?
MP
"Man in the Shadow" star Orson Welles also directed and starred in what film?
Citizen Kane
Gangkhar Puensum and Skil Brum, are both of which type elevated land mass?
mountain
When was it announced that Marc-Andre Fleury would the Vegas Golden Knights because of the NHL expansion draft?
June 21
Are Xinxiang and Puning cities in the same country?
yes
What was the 2010 population of the town where Dreamhome is located?
1,277
An English actor, filmmaker, musician of "The One with Monica and Chandler's Wedding" got  Primetime Emmy Award for which role?
Outstanding Guest Actor
What software figure worked on Apple Computer as well as founded Radius, as well as helped hire Guy Kawasaki?
Mike Boich
This actress has played in the ITV series "The Bletchley Circle" and alongside Keeley Hawes and Jodhi May in a series based on a best-selling debut novel by who?
Sarah Waters
Which state-run lottery began in 1986 and featured in the TV show Flamingo Fortune?
Florida Lottery
What country were the 2015 SEA Games played in which Ye Win Ang appeared as a midfielder?
Singapore
Who is the older brother of the English Actor best known for playing Borat Sagdiyev?
Erran Boaz Baron Cohen
A Danish film director directed a film based on a memoir of a British journalist that stars who?
Carey Mulligan
Are both Danjiangkou and Wuwei, Gansu located in China?
yes
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo, was a Spanish diplomat, writer, historian and pacifist, and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and is one of how many Nobel Prizes created by the Swedish industrialist, inventor, and armaments manufacturer Alfred Nobel, along with the prizes in Chemistry, Physics, Physiology or Medicine, and Literature?
five
What stadium did the 2013 Louisville Cardinals football team get defeated by Miami? 
Florida Citrus Bowl Stadium
Which director is known for his film "Trapped by Boston Blackie", Seymour Friedman or Daryush Shokof?
Seymour Friedman
Loch Shiel (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Seile) is a 17+1/2 mi freshwater loch, 120 m (393 ft) deep, situated 12.4 miles west of Fort William in Lochaber, Highland, Scotland, at the south west it ends  the 4 km River Shiel drains to the sea in Loch Moidart near Castle Tioram, Castle Tioram ( ) (Scottish Gaelic: "Caisteal Tioram" , meaning "dry castle") is a ruined castle that sits on which tidal island in Loch Moidart, Lochaber, Highland, Scotland?
Eilean Tioram
Who was the actress that overcame breast cancer and played a part in I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings?
Diahann Carroll
Where was theater which The State Theatre is part of located 
Victoria, Australia
What genre of music are Fred Durst and Steven Page a part of?
music group
Which breed was developed in South Africa, Rhodesian Ridgeback or Canadian Eskimo Dog.?
The Rhodesian ridgeback
On what day aired the last episode of a children's Indian television series starring the Indian actor Keval Vora on SAB TV?
4 November 2016
What is the name of Barbara Tausia footballer husband?
Nicolas Anelka
What was the name of the Osbournes Reloaded host who also is the voice of Hildy Gloom in "The 7D"?
Kelly Lee Osbourne
When did the person that rebuilt the Temple of Minerva Chalcidica rule Rome?
from 81 to 96
Which Professor at the University of Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom has written several best-selling popular psychology books and has supervised other British psychologists such as Ciarán James O'Keeffe?
Richard Wiseman
The Renault R.S.16 was driven by the McLaren driver of what nationality?
Danish
Are both the Miniature Pinscher and the Tibetan Mastiff dog breeds which originally come from Europe?
no
What year were Olympic Games hosted at the stadium that hosted the UEFA Euro 2012 Final?
1980
Brian Desmond Hurst is best known for a film, released in the United States as "A Christmas Carol" that is an adaptation to what other film?
Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol"
What was the film debut of the actress who starred in Pandemonium?
"Divorce American Style"
In which area of Alton Towers is the Thirteen roller coaster located?
Ug Land
Blended features a professional basketball player born in what year?
1972
What is the population of this port city in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, which is the birthplace of Francisco Garraffa?
328,980
Kirkham and Wesham, and Salwick railway station are managed by Northern, True or False?
It is managed by Northern, who operate most of the passenger services that call there
During the 1950s, Derek Saunders played for what professional football club that was based in Fulham London?
Chelsea Football Club
What is the population of the county in which the city of Raytown, Missouri can be found?
674,158
What nationality was the star of the 1930 film Miss Europe ?
American
What band formed first, For Against or Shellac?
For Against
Lone Scherfig directed which film based on a 2009 novel?
One Day
68 Kill is a 2017 American crime film written and directed by Trent Haaga, the film stars include Alisha Boe, a Norwegian-American actress, and is known for portraying who, in the Netflix original series "13 Reasons Why"? 
Jessica Davis
A retired British video game magazine published a review of Ace Combat: Assault Horizon Legacy in which year?
2011
Who did a member of the St. Louis Cardinals in 2007 play for in the 2017 World Baseball Classic?
Israel
Operation Gardel was the codename given by the Peronist guerrilla organization Montoneros to the downing of a Lockheed C-130 Hercules, carrying 114 Gendarmerie personnel as part of the Operativo Independencia, was the code-name of the Argentine military operation in the Tucumán Province, started in what year, to crush the ERP —"Ejército Revolucionario del Pueblo" or "People's Revolutionary Army"—, a Guevarist guerrilla group?
1975
Who's song "In the Closet" was released on November 26, 1991 by Epic Records?
Michael Jackson
In their native United Kingdom, during 1962–1970, the Beatles released 12 studio albums, 13 extended plays (EPs) and 22 singles, additionally, they released five tracks that are different versions of previously released song, including "Across the Universe", a song written by who?
John Lennon
Special Generation sang heart felt harmonic background vocals on several MC Hammers hit releases like which track considered to be Hammer's signature song and is his most successful single?
U Can't Touch This
Who was born first, Esther Renay Dean or Onika Tanya Maraj?
Esther Renay Dean
What nationality is the actor who plays John Winchester?
American
Who is the Inspector Gadget's nemesis?
Dr. Claw
The 2006 Boise State football team played in which January 1, 2007 bowl game?
2007 Fiesta Bowl
Rāghavēndra Swami or Rāghavēndra Tirtha, (c.1595–c.1671) was a Dvaita scholar, grammarian and the pontiff of the Madhvacharya Mutt at Kumbakonam from 1624 to 1671, His gentle nature and humanism is brought out through devotional poems composed in his honour by Gopala Dasa, (1721–1769) was a prominent 18th-century Kannada language poet, and saint, belonging to which tradition?
Haridasa
Where is the producer of "The Gate besides Björk based?
Dalston, London
Ready PAC was founded by the strategist who had what position for the Democratic National Committee?
National Field Director
Did both Jonathan Franzen and Vladimir Nabokov earn recognition for writing in their native language?
no
The sitcom that Nancy Travis starred in as Vanessa Baxter in had how many episodes total?
130
Nadine Burke Harris is an advisory council member for a non-profit organization whose offices are located in New York City, and where else?
Little Rock, Arkansas
Which founder of Moraine Country Club was also involved in airplane manufacturing during World War I?
Edward Andrew Deeds
In what county was the team Bobby Averell was known for playing on based?
County Antrim
Are Leslie West and Kang Seung-yoon of the same nationality?
no
Einsiedeln, is a municipality and district in the canton of Schwyz, is a canton in the Alps in the south, Lake Lucerne to the west and Lake Zürich in the north, centered on and named after the town of Schwyz, in which country?
Switzerland
Who has married Diana Nicole DeGarmo, an American singer/songwriter and actress?
Ace Young
Scaramouche is ofeten beaten by a character believed to have been introduced by whom?
Zan Ganassa
Kris Kristofferson, whose songs had been featured on Joan Baez' 1973 compilation "Hits: Greatest and Others," has also been in what music supergroup was with artists Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Cash? 
The Highwaymen
What is the name of the plant that Hina dye is prepared from?  
Lawsonia inermis
What musical based on a opera features Adam Pascal?
Aida
Kenneth Gail Wannberg, is an American composer and sound editor, his music editing credits include which third novel in the "Harry Potter" series, written by J. K. Rowling? 
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
In which war was George Fleps found guilty of War crimes?
World War II
What is the nationality of the writer of the song The Lady in My Life ?
English
Who directed the film that starred Val Kilmer's former wife?
Wolfgang Petersen
Are Ulanqab and Huaibei in the same country?
yes
When was the Australian actress, known for originating the role of Glinda in the West End production of "Wicked" and performing with the Wharf Revue, born?
born 31 October 1971
Which English actor co-wrote and also played in The Dictator?
Sacha Baron Cohen
Allard Roen was the Managing Director of a casino resort located on how many acres?
63
Who won an Emmy in 2010, Mick Jackson or André Cayatte?
Mick Jackson
Irish spiritualist, Geraldine Cummins, practiced in the realm of mediating communication between the spirts of the dead and what?
living human beings
What character in "Deadpool" did an American actress born in 1996 who starred in Tragedy Girls portray?
Negasonic Teenage Warhead
Diana Butler Bass writes for what monthly American social justice organization’s magazine?
Sojourners
The corporation that owns Pizza Hut has who as their CEO?
Greg Creed
Is the Spanish Mastiff a larger dog breed than the Pomeranian?
yes
The Fidelity Medallion was awarded to soldiers involved in the capture of a British general born in what year?
1750
Who was this Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, Germany, Italy, Naples and Sicily and Duchess of Burgundy whose influential friends include Leonor de Castro Mello y Meneses?
Isabella of Portugal
Who created the toy brand used by two brothers, Tommy and Danny, on their YouTube channel Gun vs. Gun?
Parker Brothers
By 1938, Harry McEvoy had established a large factory in Greater Manchester, what is the population of that city?
37,500
In what year was the football club, for which Grégoire Defrel plays, formed?
1927
What studio produced a superhero film directed by Peyton Reed and featuring an actress from "Killjoys"?
Marvel Studios
The Shark Tank investor that Cinnaholic rejected an offer from is originally from what country?
Croatia
What is the population of the city where the North Hertfordshire council is based?
33,600
Which institution has more beds out of the Psychiatric Institute of Washington and the MedStar Washington Hospital Center?
MedStar Washington Hospital Center
Which is sold in a country that falls later in the alphabet, Cottee's or Frijj?
Frijj
The accountant was directed by an American actor, screenwriter, film director, and producer, that was born in November 15th, in what year?
1957
Who was born first, Godfrey Reggio or Leslie Pearce?
Leslie Pearce
On what date did the incident on which the film Talvar is based take place ?
night of 15–16 May 2008
Which American dancer, singer, actor, choreographer and television presenter supported Jack Buchanan when he performed That's Entertainment! in the musical film The Band Wagon?
Fred Astaire
What position does Presidential Food Service and First Family of the United States have in common?
head
In the 3rd Harry Potter novel, the character played by Robbie Coltrane in the "Harry Potter" films is promoted to what position?
Care of Magical Creatures teacher
Do the Bracco Italiano and Spinone Italiano originate in the same country?
yes
Claude Simon and Paul Valéry, are in which mutual industry?
Literature
What state is the college that Ken Ludwig received an undergraduate from in?
Pennsylvania
Carolina Pasini-Vitale created Kundry in Buenos Aires for the South American premiere of an opera in three acts by what German composer?
Richard Wagner
Which Hans Christian Andersen short story was adapted for a ballet show that ran from 2000 to 2003?
The Tin Soldier
What is the nickname of the Australian football team for which Len Mann played ? 
the Demons
Which Disney film was released first, Fantasia 2000, or America's Heart and Soul?
Fantasia 2000
What is the Old Icelandic name of the jutish chieftain on whom Hamlet was based?
"Amlóði"
 Sun Red Sun is an EP written and recorded by a guitarist ranked #10 on "Top 10 Metal Guitarists Of All Time" by who?
Gibson
Lynchburg Lemonade is made with a brand of whiskey that has been owned my what company since 1956?
Brown-Forman Corporation
What country is the birthplace of the author of the Method of Fluxions?
England
Which novel by Colombian Nobel Prize-winning author author was Hilary Simon's painting used as the cover?
One Hundred Years of Solitude
Infectious Music is a record label whose bands have included The Subways, an English rock band from Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, whose debut album is titled what?
Young for Eternity
The Fisher Hill Reservoir and Gatehouse are a historic element of the public water supply for which metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston, the capital of the US state of Massachusetts, and the most populous city in New England, as well as its surrounding areas? 
Greater Boston
Do mathematicians Grigori Perelman and Alexander Razborov share the same nationality?
yes
Were Porcupine Tree and Skinny Puppy formed in the same year?
no
"XXX", is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar, the eleventh track on the album, the song was written by various artists, including Larry Mullen Jr., an Irish musician and actor, best known as the drummer of which Irish rock band?
U2
Shruti Agarwal appeared in a 2006 swimsuit calendar for an beer brand launched in what year?
1978
which gang was John Morrissey a leader in?
Dead Rabbits
Palazzo Fantuzzi is from what form of architecture that followed Gothic and was succeeded by Baroque?
Renaissance
Who created the character Herbert West who was played by Jeffrey Combs?
H. P. Lovecraft
Which university was founded first, Pacific Lutheran University or New York Institute of Technology?
Pacific Lutheran University
What American biotechnology company is part of Gloucester Pharmaceuticals?
Celgene
Sai Van Bridge is the third one to cross a bay that was confined by what fortress to the north-east?
Fortress of St. Francis
Fortunat Strowski, a French literary historian superintended critical editions of works published between what years?
1570 to 1592
\When was the aviation pioneer died who claimed to have flown near Bridgeport, Connecticut on August 14, 1901?
10 October 1927
Both Circa Survive and The Auteurs share what in common?
rock band
What city was is the school that hosted the Mid-Market Awards in? 
Philadelphia
For what prize was the novel based on Saint Goderic a finalist?
Pulitzer Prize
Canadian comedian and actor Dave Thomas appeared in which 1981 American buddy military comedy film?
Stripes
In what year was the band that John Drinkwater was musical director for established?
1980
Melasphaerula and Alfalfa are both what type of plants?
flowering
 In France in 1852, voters were asked whether they approved of the re-establishment of the Empire in the person of Louis Napoléon Bonaparte,  the only president of what republic?
French Second Republic
"1913 Massacre" is a topical ballad written by Woody Guthrie, the song is about the death of striking copper miners and their families in Calumet, Michigan, on Christmas Eve, 1913, in what is commonly known as which tragedy that occurred on December 24, 1913, in Calumet, Michigan?
Italian Hall Disaster
The author of Disquisitions relating to Matter and Spirit was born in what year?
1733
On which street in Mayfair, London is the Apple Corps office of the Beatles? 
Savile Row
What is T. J. Lottie's husband's nickname?
Rip
What side of Las Vegas Strip has Kaye Steven performed small shows in?
west side
The major league soccer team, in which R.J. Allen is a defender for, began in which year? 
2015
Day of the Dead 2: Contagium is an unofficial sequel to a film directed by who?
George A. Romero
When was the pianist who played the musical settings of  Les Sept Paroles du Christ sur la Croix born? 
10 December 1822
Who wrote the 40th and final title in the regular series of Oz books, illustrated by Dick Martin in 1963?
Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren McGraw Wagner
Where is the village which River Trent face located 
North Lincolnshire, England
Fanboy Confessional is an documentary series, of which nationality, exploring fan subcultures, subjects of the series have included Cosplay, a contraction of the words costume play, is a hobby in which participants called cosplayers wear costumes and fashion accessories to represent a specific character?
Canadian
Are both  Trey Anastasio and Terri Nunn an American musician?
yes
What late forming tropical storm of the Atlantic hurricane season delayed the start of the 2005 Woodvale Atlantic Rowing Race?
Tropical Storm Delta
Which singer is older, Mollie King or Katrina Leskanich?
Katrina Elizabeth Leskanich
Daniel Rodríguez (born May 24, 1964) is a Puerto Rican American operatic tenor from New York City, this led to an offer of formal training from José Plácido Domingo Embil, a Spanish tenor, conductor and arts administrator, commonly known as who?
Plácido Domingo
Timothy Walter Burton, is an American film director, producer, artist, writer, and animator, he is known for his dark, gothic, eccentric, and quirky fantasy films such as which 1994 American biographical period comedy-drama film directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp as a cult filmmaker?
Ed Wood
The first suburban store of this incorporation founded in 1922 Portland is currently occupied what what company?
Rite Aid
How many member institutions are there in the collegiate athletic conference, of  which the  2002 Arkansas State Indians football team are members?
12
Holiday in Mexico starred which singer, dancer, and actress?
Jane Powell
When did the second deadliest disaster in Texas history occur?
September 8, 1900
Who created the Toll House Cookie and also named them after the inn she owned?
Ruth Graves Wakefield
Casa Amarilla, A railway in La Boca, is located in which country capital?
Argentine capital, Buenos Aires
Dave Kneebone has worked as a producer on what American sketch comedy series co-created by Tim Heidecker?
Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
Who directed the film that Étienne Comar produced in 2010 ? 
Xavier Beauvois,
The family seat of the Kirkpatrick family was in a castle located how far from the village of Closeburn ?
1 km
In what month and year was the release of the novel that "The Divergent Series: Allegiant" was based on?
October 2013
When was the American death metal band formed in who's album is The Wretched Spawn?
December 1988
What type of games do Guardians of Order and Big Eyes, Small Mouth have in common?
role-playing
What hotel and casino hosts the band The Tokens regularly?
Riviera
Were Sting and Bon Scott both members of the band The Police?
no
Which football player played in the 1992 Freedom Bowl and went on to play 13 seasons in the National Football League?
Trent Dilfer
Give a Girl a Break featured Marge Champion as what kind of talent?
dancer
Which novel by a Russian author was first published in the literary journal "The Russian Messenger" and was used by  American educational web series Thug Notes, which had their pilot episode centered on it?
Crime and Punishment
Carlos Barreto has a notable win over which Heavyweight class UFC fighter?
Ben Rothwell
Which event caused limited damage in North Carolina and Massachusetts, which was the first hurricane to threaten the East Coast of the United States, since Hurricane Gloria the previous year?
Hurricane Charley
What was the 2001 population of the city where Textil Mandiyú is based?
328,689
What year was the house, in which the 1912 and 1924 candidate for president of the United States stayed, declared a National Historic Landmark?
1976
What Christmas song written by Billy Hayes and Jay W. Johnson and most famously performed by Elvis Presley, was released on the first Christmas album and seventeenth album by country singer Johnny Cash?
Blue Christmas
What job do both Doug Langway and Stuart Rosenberg have?
director
How  many years did the comic strip that includes the character Joe Btfsplk run for?
43 years
Which member of the Ascomycota (sac fungi) taxon did Annie Gravatt study?
Chestnut blight
When was the American boxing trainer who was one of those that trained Freddie Steele born? 
August 30, 1899
When was the husband of Margit Fischer born? 
9 October 1938
What is the middle name of the American actress who was the first person featured on the daily web series You've Got from AOL?
Maria
What concept did the father of Siegfried Wagner revolutionize?
Gesamtkunstwerk
In what county was the town David Boutin served from 2008-2010?
Merrimack County
Kim Dae-woo, is a South Korean film director and screenwriter, in a switch to directing, he debuted with the hit period drama film "Forbidden Quest", a South Korean period drama film, released in what year?
2006
What Samoan island was George Pisi born on?
Upolu
Everest was a brand of cigarettes that were smoked by which English recording studio audio engineer?
Geoffrey Emerick
How many stores are contained in the shopping center in West Lakes, South Australia?
260
Do John Wayne Airport and Orlando Sanford International Airport both serve multiple countries?
yes
Which British-American musical screwball comedy horror film did Susan Margaret makes costume design for 
The Rocky Horror Picture
The single  "Dangerous Game" was produced by a man that has sold approximately how many singles in the United Kingdom?
21 million
What country does Kentucky Route 97 and Mayfield, Kentuck have in common?
United States
Who was part of more bands, Kurt Cobain or Keith Buckley?
Keith Buckley
When was the Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary died who proclaimed December Constitution?
21 November 1916
Which film director was born in Utrecht, Jan Kounen or Edgar Reitz?
Jan Kounen
Are two rock bands, Green on Red and The Zolas, both American bands?
no
Rock'n Rollers were shell shaped crisps made by a British company that has been a wholly owned subsidiary of what company since 2006?
Tayto
Do Alexis Ohanian and Naz Edwards work in different fields?
yes
The Pathfinder Badge is awarded to soldiers who successfully complete pathfinder school at a United States Army base that supports more than how many people on a daily basis?
120,000
 Deerfoot City has an anchor store that has a headquarters in what Ontario city?
Mississauga
In what year did the monarch whose flagship was called Griffen become king of Norway ?
1483
What is the name of the 350m high hill and Gustav Arthur Graser and his brother Karl Graser co-founded a social reform settlement?
Monte Verità
What mockumentary comedy film featured the original host of "The Daily Show"?
Pittsburgh
Are both Pauline Kael and Christa Wolf from critics of artistic works?
yes
What drummer from the band that sung "Kryptonite" was on the album "All the Right Reasons"? 
Daniel Adair
What Biblical and Quranic figure was the center of the 2007 Yemen tourist attacks?
Queen of Sheba
When did the shopping center that's a part of Linacre open?
1968
Wilhelm Wiegand is best known for and his publications involving a man that was King of Prussia beginning in what year?
1740
What NCAA division are the Hartford Hawks in?
Division I
Armando Pontone is an Italian motorcycle racer that races motorcycles, other categories of racing include what?
hill climbs, drag racing and land speed record trials
Which leader led the party that abolished Control Council Law No 22 and invaded Poland?
Adolf Hitler
What American actress, singer, songwriter, television personality, starred in "The Cosby Show" and has a single called "Backflip"?
Raven-Symoné
What was the population in the 2010 census of the County in which the city of Hogansville is located ?
67,044
USS "Elrod" (FFG-55), an "Oliver Hazard Perry"-class frigate, is a ship of the United States Navy named after which Marine, born on September 27, 1905, from Turner County, Georgia?
Henry T. Elrod
Getting Married is a 1978 TV movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern,and starring which American television and film actor, that has appeared in a wide variety of roles since the early 1970s?
Thomas Mark Harmon
How many acts are in the opera in which Habanera appears?
four
when is the release date of the sequel of the series in which the title character is the sonic the hedgehog?
October 18, 1994
Was Operation Diadem or the Battle of Cold Harbor fought during the Civil War?
Battle of Cold Harbor
Who co-produced Dobara Phir se with the CEO of ARY Digital Network?
Mohammad Jerjees Seja.
The British  socialite and artist Rosemary Pratt married this Royal Air Force officer, flying ace, courtier and author who served as what to King George VI?
Equerry
Which mountain is the highest in its country, Diran, Ismoil Somoni Peak, or both?
Ismoil Somoni Peak
Ashlan Davis played college football at a university whose football team is currently lead by what head coach?
Philip Montgomery
The Moods of Marianne is the basis for the film that depicts French society just before what event?
World War II
Are Laughlin/Bullhead International Airport and Valdosta Regional Airport both public use airports?
yes
An english author born in 1973 wrote a series of young adult books called Diary of a Chav. How many books are in the series?
six books
Robert "Bob" Scucci was formerly the Assistant Race and Sports Book Manager at a casino located on how many acres?
63
Snehaseema was a retelling of the story by the Poet Laureate of which country?
Great Britain and Ireland
John Williams was a political advisor to a King born in what year ?
1566
Professor Bruce S. Grant is a defender of the teaching of evolution and has criticized creationist Jonathan Wells, an American molecular biologist, author and advocate of the pseudoscientific argument of  what?
intelligent design
Summer Breeze is the fourth album by which American soft rock band?
Seals and Crofts
Straight Arrow Press publishes the entertainment magazine founded in what year by the New York Times Company?
1977
 Park Hae-jin is best known for his supporting roles in which 2014 South Korean television series?
Doctor Stranger
Who is the brother of the creator, director, and choreographer of the 1986 Broadway play "Uptown... It's Hot!?"
Gregory Hines
Are both Peter Bogdanovich and Bob Clark American actors?
yes
The Franco-Spanish reconquest of Menorca (historically called "Minorca" by the British) from its British invaders in February 1782, after the Siege of Fort St. Philip lasting over five months, was an important step in the achievement of Spain's aims in its alliance with France against Britain during the American Revolutionary War, the ultimate result was the devolution of the island to Spain in which treaty, signed in Paris by representatives of King George III of Great Britain and representatives of the United States of America on which date, ended the American Revolutionary War?
September 3, 1783
Roland Riese (born 29 July 1960 in Neuenhaus, Lower Saxony) is a German politician for the Free Democratic Party, FDP, is a liberal and classical liberal political party in Germany, FDP is led by who?
Christian Lindner
Which studio produced the 1944 film of the play in which Donna Kane made her Broadway debut ?
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
One of several Elizabethan-themed summits in the area of the Southgate River is named for an English gentleman who is well known for popularising what in Englad?
tobacco
John Spence was an American diver enlisted in a clandestine group operated by a general whose statue now stands in the lobby of what building?
CIA headquarters
Of the documentary films A Brony Tale and Are the Kids Alright? Which film focuses on the decline of available mental health services?
Are the Kids Alright?
What actress from The Big Bang Theory wrote The Bronze?
Melissa Rauch
This American football coach who is partnered with John Lynch and whose father was head coach of Los Angeles Raiders is a part of which Football League?
National Football League
Which documentary came first, 10 Questions for the Dalai Lama or Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight?
Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight
The actor that played Peagreen Clock in "The Borrowers" also stars with Tom Wilkinson and Miranda Richardson in a 2013 British film directed by who?
Amma Asante
Obama Eksklusif RCTI Bersama Putra Nababan was filmed in what city?
Washington, D.C.
What is the name of the market town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury that was added to the Rossendale constituency in 1950?
Ramsbottom
Before 2012, who were the Baylor Bears sports rival?
Texas A&M Aggies
Which actress played a role in both Half Moon Street and Ghostbusters?
Sigourney Weaver
What religion does Doyle Dykes and Amazing Grace have in common?
Christian
What bands was the producer of Yes Please! with Tina Weymouth the drummer for?
Talking Heads and the Tom Tom Club
Were Dmitri Anosov and Mikhail Kravchuk both mathematician?
yes
The History of Eric Clapton features him performing with what English rock band that was formed in London in 1963?
The Yardbirds
What year did the movie that starred Sterling Jerins as Judy Warren come out?
2013
When was the political party, of which David Lewis was national secretary, founded ?
1932
Which 2005 horror movie staring Steffany Huckabee was filmed at a closed sanatorium located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson County, Kentucky?
Death Tunnel
What McMOnagle, Perri & McHugh attorney is notable for representing a hip hop artist with a stage name from a street in South Philadelphia
Fortunato Natale Perri Jr.
Which person who had a cameo on Caesar's Hour was born Lucille Fay LeSueur?
Joan Crawford
Who was the blind music director for the film "Ram Teri Ganga Maili"?
Ravindra Jain
What were the two fields of study engaged in by a biochemist who taught at a university in Detroit, Michigan for a year and worked on the Manhattan Project?
enzymology and chemotherapy
What syndicated talk show was hosted by the presenter of The Worst of Hollywood?
The Michael Medved Show
Which British Novelist who was born in 1898 wrote a series of seven fantasy novels for children?
C. S. Lewis
Who was the leader of the Autobots voiced by?
Peter Cullen and Hugo Weaving
Who produced the film that connects An Elephant Called Slowly to Born Free?
Open Road Films Ltd. and Columbia Pictures
The actor that played Barry Spencer Taylor in "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet" stars with Rhona Mitra in a 2010 film directed by who?
Yoav Factor
Charles Leffingwell Bartlett, won the Pulitzer Prize, in which year, for National Reporting "for his original disclosures that led to the resignation of Harold E. Talbott as Secretary of the Air Force."?
1956
Who is the Indian pop musician who composed his own original music instead of covering Ahmed Rushdi's songs?
Yuvan Shankar Raja
Which happened earlier, the founding of Vídeo Brinquedo, or the making of The Haunted World of El Superbeasto? 
Vídeo Brinquedo
Schnell Brewery (1864–1872), owned by who, was located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood, the Schnell brewery produced Weißbier, a wheat beer, in small quantities during its operation, a wheat beer,  usually top-fermented, which is brewed with a large proportion of wheat relative to the amount of malted barley?
George Schnell
Denise Coates was the founder of the gambling company based in what country?
United Kingdom
Wells Cathedral School is a co-educational independent school located in Wells, Somerset, England, the school is one of the five specialist musical schools for school-age children in the United Kingdom, includes which specialist music school for children, located in the town of Bushey, in which south location?
Hertfordshire
In between Lydia Zimmermann and William Keighley who was an American stage actor and Hollywood film director?
William Jackson Keighley
Two versions of the song "Feelin' Alright" were featured in the 2012 film directed by the director who came to public attention after which 1984 movie?
Romancing the Stone
Have Mark Hennessy and John Corabi both performed with Motley Crue?
no
A boyar was a member of a system that flourished in medieval Europe between what centuries?
9th and 15th
Who directed the film in which Peter Cornell portrayed Vakidis?
Kent Alterman
From which country does MTV Africa Music Awards 2014 nominee Diamond Platnumz hail?
Tanzania
The Australian Department of Education was a department of the Government of Australia charged with the responsibility for national policies and programs to help Australians access quality and affordable childcare; early childhood education, school education, post-school, higher education, international education and academic research, the Minister for Education was which Australian politician who has been the Liberal member for the House of Representatives seat of Sturt since the 1993 election?
Christopher Maurice Pyne
Who is the American professional basketball player that was traded to the Atlanta Hawks?
Mookie Blaylock
For which team does the professional footballer Alexander Hleb, whose country gained independence in 1991 and whose most popular sport is football closely followed by ice hockey, currently play?
BATE Borisov
What man do both the social-democratic political party in Italy and the Shadow Cabinet of Italy have in common?
Walter Veltroni
Alpheoidea is part of the relative level of a group of organisms that contains what families?
families Alpheidae, Barbouriidae, Hippolytidae and Ogyrididae
What Austrian-born British concert pianist co-founded the Leeds International Piano Competition?
Marion Stein
The 1956 Sugar Bowl featured the 7th ranked team which was a combination of all intercollegiate athletic teams that play for what school?
Georgia Institute of Technology
How many Golden Globes did the actress who played Isabelle Wright in episode 3 of season 4 of Glee win for other roles ?
four
The United States Bullion Depository, often known as Fort Knox, is a fortified vault building located the United States Army post of Fort Knox, in Kentucky south of Louisville and north of where?
Elizabethtown
Have Dean Koontz and Bernhard Schlink both written at least one novel?
yes
What do The Wild Country and The Greatest Game Ever Played have in common? 
film
Which sovereign state in the Lesser Antilles has a capital of Port Elizabeth? 
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Get on the Bus is a 1996 film about the gathering of African American men known as what?
Million Man March
Which band was the band, who featured the "Fab Four," named after?
the Crickets
What former U.S. Representative directed the english adaption of Willy the Sparrow?
Scott Murphy
Are Measure for Measure and Mathis der Maler both fictional?
yes
The nursery rhyme that has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19297 appears in a compilation book illustrated by what author?
Beatrix Potter
What is the debut album for the artist that rapped one verse of Nigga What, Nigga Who?
Word to the Jaz
When was the writer of "The Hunt: Me and the War Criminals" born? 
February 9, 1947
Edward Laemmle and León Klimovsky, share which mutual occupation?
film director
What airline headquartered in Copenhagen and part of the Thomas Cook Group was once known as Conair of Scandinavia?
Thomas Cook Airlines Scandinavia
Jarman Gap is a wind gap in a physiographic province located in which part of the United States ?
the eastern United States
Heythrop Park was designed for the English politician who was part of what group?
Immortal Seven
In what state was the football team Don Faurot coached in 1944?
Florida
Which of the mainstream Hollywood films which  Liev Schreiber is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce?
Salt
Adelaide Adrenaline is a team that plays its home games at the arena that opened on what date?
17 September 1981
In what state is the public university whose football team won the 1957 NAIA championship?
Kansas
Are Florian Gallenberger and Jackie Chan both actors?
no
The castle of John Vaux is located in what country?
Scotland
This Album Featured the song Shattered and has how many copies sold as of the year 2000?
six million
Lucian Truscott a light infantry division based at which state ?
Georgia
How many schools does the university where Dan W. Reicher is the Executive Director of the Steyer-Taylor Center have?  
seven
In what year was the author of "Omnipotent Government: The Rise of the Total State and Total War" born?
1881
According to the 2010 census, which city has a larger population, Yushu City, Qinghai or Nanping?
Nanping
The winner of season 11 of the US "The Voice" received how much as a cash prize?
US$100,000
What United States military branch prevailed in the battle after which the Midway Glacier is named?
Navy
 "Fat Tony" D'Amico hires Bart to work as bartender in what animated sitcom?
The Simpsons
Khabur ware was named after the region in which what British archaeologist found a large quantity of it?
Sir Max Edgar Lucien Mallowan
Trump Steaks were initially sold through QVC and a brand whose licensing is owned by what company?
ThreeSixty Group, Inc
Dialogues of the Carmelites was an opera that had a libretto by which French composer and pianist?
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc
Leon Plantinga is the brother of which analytic philosopher?
Alvin Plantinga
What is the nationality of the author of "Island"?
English
 "Mother Knows Best" is a musical theatre-inspired pop and jazz ballad performed a singer born in which year ?
1959
In what year did Luke Greenfield produce an American romantic comedy film about a high school senior who falls in love for the first time with the firl next door?
2004
B&H most commonly refers to which organization, founded in 1973, and the largest photo and video equipment store in the United States?
B&H Photo Video
What movie did the actress best known for being one of the most popular child film stars of the 1930s star in?
Danger Street
Who sings for their main band, Anette Olzon or Brian Welch?
Brian Philip Welch
The Case for Democracy is a foreign policy manifesto written by one-time Soviet political prisoner and former Israeli Member of the Knesset, Natan Sharansky and co-authored by what former Isreali ambassador to the United States?
Ron Dermer
Which of John David Marks's song was first recorded by Berry in 1958 and released as a single on Chess Records?
Run Rudolph Run
Which war hero starred in Gunsmoke along with Susan Cabot?
Audie Murphy
The Secret Garden was written by which keyboardist for the 1970s band Heatwave?
Rodney Lynn "Rod" Temperton
Which career do Jaoru Kuroki and Ilona Staller share?
adult video (AV) performer
Who has released more full length albums, Heather Nova or the band Helium?
Heather Nova
In the film "Serpico", Frank Serpico, who was a former officer in the largest municipal police force in the United States, was played by which actor?
Al Pacino
Victoria Azarenka and Marat Safin, have which mutual occupations?
professional tennis player
What were the dates that the battle was fought when Sheads House was used as a hospital for Confederate States Army?
July 1–3, 1863
Homogentisic Acid  is found in Arbutus unedo , which is also know as what?
strawberry tree
Which star in "Zodiac" was also in "Samantha"?
Dermot Mulroney
which novel about novel about a sensitive teenage girl rebelling against conventional values adaptation was directed by Beeban Kidron?
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit
What is the nationality of the keeper for AK during the 2007 AIK Fotboll season?
Swedish
 JGeeks is a music group led by a Bachelor of the Year finalist from a magazine founded in what year?
1972
Matt Matheny is the coach of what school that was founded by the United Church of Christ in 1889?
Elon University
What year was the Canadian actress who hosted the 28th Genie Awards born?
1971
Who is the designer of the shopping centre where The 2003 MTV Europe Music Awards were held?
Sir Terence Conran
What region of the world are crackers that contain sodium salt of glutamic acid as seasoning most commonly found?
Southeast Asia and East Asia
As of 2010, what was the population of the county where Montauk Point Light is located?
1,493,350
Which private co-educational college in Long Island is Robert J. Gaffney the president of 
Dowling College
What year was the roller coaster that is located in the Pennsylvania park that opened in 1894 constructed?
1902
"Puppy Love" is a hit track that featured LL Cool J's samples as well as mainstream R&B group Jagged Edge; who headlined the song's vocal?
Lil' Bow Wow
As of 2010, what was the population of the city where WBEC-FM (95.9 FM) is located?
44,737
What country does Royal Arms of England and House of Plantagenet have in common?
France
Which Dutch footballer has a rap part in the song "Wij zijn Ajax"?
Ryan Babel
Schack Carl Rantzau is notable for his friendship with a physical to which king?
King Christian VII of Denmark
Which of the two former astronauts, Nicholas Patrick or Claudie Haigneré, was born in the United Kingdom?
Nicholas James MacDonald Patrick
The T. Rex song "Solid Gold Easy Action" was written by a member that died in what year?
1977
Was Mad published by the American Nature Association?
no
Which Germany-based company produced the car which Jackson Mthembu was criticized for spending R2.3 million on ten of it
BMW
Cattleya jongheana is a species of orchid endemic to which largest country in South America?
Brazil
Who was a composer of an opera that Anton van Rooy appeared in?
Richard Wagner
As a child, Olga Peretyatko sand in the children's choir of a theatre that opened in what year?
1860
The third largest inland port in Australia during the great river boat era of the mid-19th century is west and north-west to an area in a county in New South Wales that has what River as it's north-west boundry?
Darling River
Which Actress played roles in "Battlestar Galactica" and White Noise: The Light?
Katee Sackhoff
Nick Carter and Alvin Lee are both what?
singer
Who was a director and a screenwriter, Chris Menges or Howard Hawks?
Howard Winchester Hawks
Which shipped launched in 1932 is located in the Eastern Promade?
USS Portland
Get Outta My Dreams, Get into My Car was based on a line from which Sherman Brothers song?
You're Sixteen
What American rapper from Long Beach, California, and a member of the hip hop supergroup, Slaughterhouse, as well as a featured guest on the third studio album by DJ Drama?
Crooked I
Jean-Baptiste Andrea wrote and directed what 2003 French horror drama that was remade in 2014?
Dead End
What song on Now That's What I Call Club Hits was produced by David Guetta?
When Love Takes Over
 Elwyn Cornelius Lee's wife is a member of what?
the Democratic Party
In which county is the College Park Centre ?
Tarrant County.
Both the Discovery Mine and the Camlaren Mine are located near Yellowknife, Northeast Territories, but which is closer?
Camlaren Mine
Who is the retired English footballer that was signed to play for Southampton, Black Rovers, Newcastle United and the England national team?
Alan Shearer
Which actress, who at age twelve gained widespread recognition from her role as Claudia in "Interview with the Vampire", stars in The Virgin Suicides?
Kirsten Dunst
What company released the Minion Hunter board game in 1992 in conjunction with a near-future horror role-playing game (RPG) in 1991?
Game Designers' Workshop
Who has produced more magazines, Twist or Knucklebones?
Knucklebones
What band had more members: Howlin Maggie or The Hollow Men?
The Hollow Men
Were Gothic Line and Battle of Tarawa part of the same war?
yes
When was the British political philosopher that Paul N. Franco is a lead expert on born? 
11 December 1901
Which plants has more native areas, Rehmannia or Sauromatum?
Sauromatum
What Boston school did the man who has an uncredited guitar solo in the song "Pyramids" attend?
Berklee College of Music
Are Crepis and Dictamnus both genuses of flowering plants?
yes
Which New Hampshire Republican politician served from both 2007-2009 and 2009-2012, and competed against Democrat Anne McLane Kuster?
Marilinda Garcia
During what war was the German bombing of St Mary's Park in London?
Second World War
What year did a pornographic actor appear in a John Sjogren American action film?
1996
Keep It Hid is the debut solo album by the American blues-rock musician Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys, the final track "Goin' Home" was included in the soundtrack of the 2009 film "Up in the Air", an American comedy-drama film, directed by who?
Jason Reitman
What is the nickname of the driver who finished third in the 2009 Monaco Grand Prix ?
The Ice Man
What arena was used for the WWE Battleground(2014) event?
Amalie Arena
The 2003 Major League Soccer All-Star Game was the 8th Major League Soccer All-Star Game, played on August 2, 2003 at The Home Depot Center, now known as which multiple-use sports complex on the West Coast of the United States, located on the campus of California State University, Dominguez Hills in Carson, California?
StubHub Center
Jennifer Nairn-Smith is an Australian-born dancer, actress and choreographer, she appeared in the original Broadway production of "Pippin", a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Schwartz and a book by who?
Roger O. Hirson
The Cornish man who had "The White Rose" read at his funeral in 2001 served as a commissioned officer in what war?
Vietnam War
Are both Médée and Gianni Schicchi comic operas?
yes
Marina Zueva was the coach for which Canadian World Champion ice dancer?
Tessa Jane McCormick Virtue
What was the career span of the actor who appeared in over 100 theater productions, music videos, movies and television shows, including the 1999 American Gothic supernatural horror film directed by Tim Burton?
over 50 years
Who played a part in both Give My Regards to Broad Street and Rupert and the Frog Song?
Paul McCartney
Prince Ulrik John of Denmark was the song of Frederick II of Denmark, the King of Denmark and which other country?
Norway
What band wrote the theme song for an event held at the St. Pete Times Forum?
Rev Theory
What caused the church council to accept funding plans from Mr. Burns in The Simpson's episode in which Lisa converted to Buddhism?
a model rocket
Who created the animated television series that has "The Death of Eric Cartman" as the sixth episode? 
Trey Parker and Matt Stone
What group initially known as Official Sinn Féin, featured activist Des O'Hagan?
Workers' Party of Ireland
What is the birth name of the sculptor of "Number 23 Basketball Player"?
Catherine-Marie-Agnès Fal de Saint Phalle
Blue's Clues is an American live-action/animated children's television series that premiered on which TV network, one of the producers is Traci Paige Johnson, an American animator, television producer, and voice actress?
Nickelodeon
Who was born first Alexander Povetkin or Javier Mora ?
Alexander Povetkin
In which county is the mall Tanger Outlets Southaven located ?
DeSoto County,
While Lin-Manuel Miranda is an actor, best known for starring in Broadway musicals, what is A Goofy Movie?
musical road comedy-drama film
Wirehaired Pointing Griffon and Basset Bleu de Gascogne, is a breed of what?
dog
David Graham was born in a metropolitan area than includes which lake ?
Lake Macquarie
What is the heritage of the music director that leads the talent show Sur Kshetra?
Indian
Rick Mahorn is currently a radio analyst for the team playing its home games at which location?
Little Caesars Arena
Who was the guitarist in the band that the title of the album Public Flipper Limited refers to?
Keith Levene
Which is movie is older Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen or The Last Flight of Noah's Ark?
Last Flight of Noah's Ark
English White Terriers and Can de Palleiro are both types of what animal?
dog
In which canton was Martin Andermatt born in?
Zug
Where is the airline whose chairman is Naresh Goyal based ?
Mumbai
what american director had the film "Swingers Anonymous" debut in 2015, John Carl Buechler or Quincy Perkins?
Quincy Perkins
Are South of the Border and The Elephant in the Living Room from the same country?
yes
Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in which year, "I Need You Now," which was to have followed the hit "My Love, My Love" but was canceled when Eddie Fisher came out with a version recorded several weeks after Joni's?
1953
"Aggers" or "Spiro" interviewed for his role in  takeover of the governance of cricket by ICC's 'Big Three', was titled a what?
takeover architects
The actor that stars in the film "Drunken Tai Chi" has won world championships multiple times for what martial art?
wushu
Which airport was used for both public and military use, Sioux Gateway Airport or Blue Grass Airport?
Sioux Gateway Airport
Who produced a 2007 American computer-animated science fiction comedy film called Meet the Robinsons and a 1968 American musical film called 'The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band' directed by Michael O'Herlihy?
Walt Disney
What Bostonian was the founder of the company that originally published Prince of Persia?
Douglas Gene Carlston
What kind of cartoons were featured within the New York Post's page six content?
an American political cartoonist
Produced by Any Harries, this British television pilot featured what actor best known for his roles in "The Fast Show" and "Men Behaving Badly"?
John Patrick Thomson
The Hume Weir is near a camp used during what war?
World War II
George C. Scott appeared in on film Dr. Strangelove, and played General Patton and which Dickens character in a 1984 adaptation?
Ebenezer Scrooge
In what year was the architect of the St Andrew's Church, Blackburn born?
1823
What occupation is shared by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and Astrid Lindgren?
writer
What was the nationality of the concentration camp commandant who was succeeded by Arnold Büscher?
Austrian
Which Ku Klux Klan member was convicted of racially motivated murders is both 2007 and 1964?
James Ford Seale
What country were Baseball Digest and Paste created in?
United States
What kind of study does University of Notre Dame and New York University have in common?
research
Sirop de Liège is a jam most often made from the juice of pears or a fruit that belongs to what family?
rose family
What is the genre of music that the nine member group containing Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu called?
K-pop
Phantom is the tenth book out of how many in the Sword of Truth series?
nineteen
Who were the co-writers of a 2017 action-adventure film that was directed by Bong Joon-ho?
Bong and Jon Ronson
When was the New Zealand opera singer born who's album is Kiri Sings Karl?
March 6, 1944
Who sang "It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year" first, Johnny Mathis or Andy Williams?
Andy Williams
What year did Frank Vardon's Hot Video trade journal stop awarding the Hot d'Or award?
2001
When was the Austrian composer who composed The String Quartet No. 5 (D 68) in B-flat major born 
31 January 179719
Were Jimmie Ross and Colin Hay both lead vocalists in their bands?
yes
What is the name of the record label founded by the member of the Wu-Tang Clan who made an album inspired by a comic book in 2013?
Starks Enterprises
Who was the 16 year head football coach at University of Oklahoma, who won a title in 2000 after his departure?
Barry Layne Switzer
What sport does Brett Bech NOR Las Vegas Outlaws have in common?
football
The PARIS project is a project for a website published by what company?
Situation Publishing Ltd
Joseph Kaiser performed in an opera in five acts known as what?
Roméo et Juliette
Who initiated the reformation which secularized the Königsfelden Monastery in 1598? 
Huldrych Zwingli
What casino card game features in the James Bond film Casino Royale? 
Baccarat
What is the population of the town that Brummels Gallery is located in?
25,147
Who is younger, Jamie Scott or Ella Henderson?
Jamie Scott
What was launched first, The Wide Field Infrared Explorer or The Orbiting Astronomical Observatory 2?
The Orbiting Astronomical Observatory 2
How many people did the person who Gacy's Place is named for assault, torture and murder?
33
When did the last living fleet admiral who played a major role in the naval history of World War II as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet, die?
1966
Hancock is an unincorporated community which in British geography is considered smaller than a village and distinctly without a what?
church
The family that had the most impact to the Rothschild properties in the Home counties were descendants of whom?
Mayer Amschel Rothschild
Who was born first, Thomas Woods or Maro Ajemian?
Maro Ajemian
What 1999 sex comedy film does the movie MILF borrow elements from?
American Pie
Bongo is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana, Bongo is located in the Bongo district of the Upper East Region of which country?
Ghana
In what month was the director of "X-Men: Days of Future Past" born?
September
Blue Valley Sports Complex hosts which Overland Park, Kansas public school?
Blue Valley North High School
Who founded the political party that Loreta Graužinienė once led?
Viktor Uspaskich
What is the name of the South Korean drama film, written and directed by Lee Chang-dong and with a supporting role played by Ahn Nae-sang?
Poetry
Vilma Rose Hunt alleviated contamination at sites like the one in which New York city?
Niagara Falls
Which 1994 comedy film did this American filmmaker, actor, comic book writer, author, and podcaster, who ran the short film festival Movies Askew, write, direct, co-produce, and act in?
Clerks
What song from Dawn Penn’s debut album faced copyright issues preventing national chart success?
You Don't Love Me
Which position did this prominent official in Nazi Germany serve under Adolf Hitler to gain power within the Third Reich who accepted the establishment of the Freikorps?
private secretary
what band was formed in Winnipeg and was featured on the one-disk DVD First Time Around?
The Guess Who
What occupation was shared by Arthur Conan Doyle and Daniil Kharms?
writer
The film Trouble Every Day which feature the soundtrack Trouble Every Day is direct by who?
Claire Denis
Which French baryton-martin had a close artistic association with a French composer who wrote 1959's "Gloria"?
Pierre Bernac
Andrew Montgomery and Koshi Inaba, are in which shared industry?
singer
What is the Twelve Level Cap in regards to Confucianism?
rank system
Which national park covers more provinces, Sierra Nevada National Park or Cabañeros National Park?
Sierra Nevada National Park
Darron Brittman, had two separate games of 11 steals, the 1st against McKendree University, was formerly called what?
McKendree College
What team won the Stanley Cup Final in the first season that Matthew Martin led the league in hits delivered?
Los Angeles Kings
What groundbreaking composer is the actor who plays Schwerner in Murder in Mississippi, best known for portraying?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Are Reuben Nakian and Garo Yepremian of the same nationality?
yes
Berwick is home to a heisman trophy winner born in what year?
1954
Which universit is located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan, De La Salle University or NED University of Engineering and Technology?
NED University of Engineering and Technology
Which game is the game To Court the King similar to with its rolling and re-rolling of dice?
Yahtzee
Which film has one actor playing the most roles, A Christmas Carol or My Dog Tulip?
A Christmas Carol
Have John Dufresne and Nadine Gordimer both won awards for their work?
yes
What is an infantry that was featured in Black Hawk Down?
10th Mountain Division
What Canadian province is the writer, editor, and director of "It's Only the End of the World" from?
from Quebec
Marco Delvecchio is best known for scoring against S.S. Lazio while playing in what country? 
Italy
What was the title of the debut studio album of the singer who won new artist of the year during the 2012 American Country Awards?
Wildflower
In what year was the coach of the Karachi Kings born?
1968
The coach who led the 2016 University of Central Florida football team was previously the offensive coordinator for what other college?
University of Oregon
In what county is the town who's name means "multi-coloured" and "fortified place" in Anglo-Saxon?
Dorset
Shepherd with a flute is a painting displayed in a palace in what country?
England
Operation Hedge-hop was a military plan developed during the Korean War, a lack of UN supplies forced American forces to use the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star was the first jet fighter used operationally, by which organization?
United States Army Air Forces (USAAF)
Where does the of author Lemony Snicket live?
San Francisco
Matthew Dryer has performed research on which Native American language?
Kutenai
Which band was formed first, Massive Attack or Throwing Muses?
Throwing Muses
Heaven Knows was written by an American singer who is known as the lead singer of what American rock band?
The Pretty Reckless
Where does the route the C2-class Melbourne tram is on operate?
Brunswick East to St Kilda Beach
Sword Song was written by the author who was best known for books about which rifleman?
Richard Sharpe
This musical, for which Howard Da Silva was nominated for a 1960 Tony Award as Best Featured Actor in a Musical, is one of only nine musicals to win what prize?
Pulitzer Prize for Drama
The Norwegian folk rock band from Lom in Gudbrandsdalen established in 1982 based their concept album "Bukkerittet" on what five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen published in 1867?
Peer Gynt
Who created the character Brianna Hildebrand plays in "Deadpool"?
Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely
What genre are both Thinking XXX and The Root of All Evil?
documentary
Where are the headquarters of the company at which Dick Sweeney is a Vice President ? 
Waterbury, Vermont.
Which U.S. county contains a village named in honor of a man noted for his major six-volume study of Native Americans published in the 1850s?
Kalamazoo County
What kind of film making do René Clément and Elio Petri do
political
What position did a New Zealand race-car designer and driver start in at the 1968 Belgian Grand Prix?  
sixth position
Who directed the film that Blumhouse Productions published in 2010?
James Wan
Which film, "Best Friend Forgotten" or "This Film Is Not Yet Rated" premiered first?
Best Friend Forgotten
When did the colonies founded by members of the Ebenezer Colonies leaving western New York end their communal life?
1932
What role did this English actor play in "The Chronicles of Narnia" films who also appeared in the  West End stage production of Birdsong?
Caspian X
 Seiichi Morimura revealed the atrocities committed by a unit based in which district ?
the Pingfang district of Harbin
Which of the rapper born on June 19, 1983 has Hollis on his track? 
Macklemore
How many combat missions did the pilot on whom the book The Blond Knight of Germany is based 
1,404
Among William S. Burroughs and Basil Bunting whose five books have been published of his interviews and correspondences?
William Seward Burroughs II
Edward Hubbard wrote the definitive biography of an architect that designed over how many buildings?
500
John McCusker from Before The Ruin has toured with which guitarist from a top-selling 80s band?
Mark Knopfler
What character does Michael Rooker play in an American action adventure film directed by Renny Harlin and co-starring Sylvester Stallone, Johm Lithgow, and Janine Turner?
Hal Tucker
Were Noël Coward and Mario Puzo of the same nationality?
no
Which Canadian singer began his recording career with a self-titled debut album released on May 19 1998, and won Rolling Stone's Best New Artist award that year?
Rufus Wainwright
Which veteran's association meaning "steel helmet" was decorated by the Nazi Party?
Stahlhelm
After winning two of their first three games, the Sonics lost in a quintuple-overtime game to the Milwaukee Bucks, at the Bradley Center, an indoor arena located on the northwest corner of North 4th and West State Streets in what state?
Wisconsin
Which character did Gabrielle Ruiz play in the CW tv series Crazy Ex-Girlfriend that premiered in 2015?
Valencia Perez
Which character does Kristen Schaal play in the American animated sitcom "Bob's Burgers"?
Louise Belcher
Who was the director of this 2011 South Korean coming of age film, which starred Kim Yoon-seok?
Lee Han
Who was Hillary Clinton's, former United States Secretary of State, mothers name?
Dorothy Emma Rodham
What is the name of the street where Big Top is located?
Las Vegas Boulevard
Which member of The Miracle Violence Connection was born May 14, 1960? 
Steven Williams
When was the first season of the show featuring Eric "Doc" Hammer as a voice actor?
August 7, 2004
The Washington Redskins played their first season in the FedExField stadium in what year?
1997
Which short film did the director of the 2014 Danish crime mystery film, "The Absent One", create as a graduation project?
Woyzeck’s Last Symphony
Are both Celastrus and Mandragora genuses?
yes
Was Jesus Camp filmed before Courting Condi?
yes
Jodelle Micah Ferland, is a Canadian actress, and is also known by her roles in multiple horror or horror-related films, such as The Cabin in the Woods, released in which year, an American horror comedy film directed by Drew Goddard in his directorial debut?
2012
Volkswagen Iltis was built under license in Canada by the aerospace company based in what city?
Montreal
Funke Akindele starred in the show "Jenifa's Diary" alongside the actor who began his career after forming what group?
The School Boys
60 Wall Street and Tower 49, are located in Manhatten?
no
Which Russian actress, born July 28, 1969, starred in the film "Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears"?
Yuliya Menshova
Trigedasleng is a language created for the second series in an American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama that premiered on March 19, 2014, on what network?
The CW
What country is the majority of Sylheti language speakers located?
Bangladesh
Mike Farrell, Erin Gray, Chuck Norris, Peter Davison were all guests of which awards ceremony?
25th Annual TV Week Logie Awards
Nichole Mead lost out to Mallory Hagan in which national competition?
Miss America 2013
Who wrote the comedy show which used the song Moving to New York as its end credits music ?
Damon Beesley and Iain Morris.
Amanda Knox is a 2016 American documentary film about Amanda Knox, twice convicted and later acquitted of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher,  was a British student on exchange from which organization, who was murdered at the age of 21 in Perugia, Italy, on 1 November 2007?
University of Leeds
Are Bis and Amina both female-focused publications?
yes
The wife of which Indian Nationalist was left without support for her and her baby during war time?
Subhas Chandra Bose
What is the name of the book written by Ann Rule about the May 1983 murder of Diane Down's daughter?
Small Sacrifices
What is the nickname of the poker player that has a WSOP bracelet?
The Magician
Norman Wilson works with the character played by whom on The Wire?
Aidan Gillen
Are Crash! The bankrupt game and PÜNCT both types of games?
yes
In what did year did the Irish rock band from Dublin who the Fray were opening for when they debuted their song "Heartbeat" form?
1976
What is the world's largest low-cost U.S. airline carrier located as Bishop International Airport?
Southwest Airlines
NaissanceE is a first-person exploration and puzzle video game released on a digital distribution platform developed by who?
Valve Corporation
In what century was this castle erected that was destroyed and replaced several times and whose name is derived from the common Scottish surname Douglas?
13th century
Gemma Christina Arterton, is an English actress, she plays the lead role in which 2016 British war comedy-drama film directed by Lone Scherfig and written by Gaby Chiappe, based on the 2009 novel "Their Finest Hour and a Half" by Lissa Evans?
Their Finest
Which British-American novelist's books served as an inspiration to author Katherine Woodfine?
Frances Hodgson Burnett
What is the narionality of the author of the biography Halleck: Lincoln's Chief of Staff ?
American
Elena Shaddow worked with who in The Bridges of Madison County?
Steven Pasquale
In Quantum of Solace, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover who was first featured in which 1953 Ian Fleming novel?
Casino Royale
Are Die Kreuzen and The LaFontaines both rock bands?
yes
Who is the grandfather of the current chairman of the Likud Party?
Nathan Mileikowsky
Which is headquartered farther north, American Airlines Group or News Corporation?
News Corporation
Which of these magazines is published more frequently--National Contest Journal or Baltimore?
Baltimore
Jody Allen was chief executive officer of what investment company founded by billionaire Paul Allen?
Vulcan Inc.
What is the name of a commercial weather service that provides real-time weather information reported by personal weather stations that have access to this international website?
Weather Underground
Did Harry Turtledove or E. B. White write the acclaimed children's story Charlotte's Web?
Elwyn Brooks "E. B." White
What is the actor's middle name that voices the character Dr. William MacDougal?
Louis
Which is the largest airport which serves Sauce Viejo Airport?
Aerolíneas Argentinas
When was the music video featuring the Chairman of the Board of the Religious Technology Center made?
1990
Are Francesqa and Lloyd Cole both involved with music?
yes
Anthony Gallo worked with what group that was formed in 1995?
Crazy Town
When was the fifth episode of "The Simpsons"' sixth season aired in which Aaron A. Aaronson  is a fictional character?
October 9, 1994
New York's 19th congressional district is represented by what Republican?
John Faso
Of the two film makers, Vincente Minnelli and Jay T. Wright, who was better known for independent films?
Jay T. Wright
Who was defeated in the 2017 general election for a constituency in Cheshire?
Edward Timpson
What year was the player born in that signed as a free agent with the San Antonio Spurs after the 2003–04 Seattle SuperSonics season?
1971
Who was the company that acquired Marvel in 2009 founded by?
Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney
Which song's music video won the founder of the rock band Eagles an MTV Video Music Award in 1985?
Smuggler's Blues
What was an American brand and trade name for automotive aftermarket products entry in the Indianapolis 500?
STP-Paxton Turbocar
Rimantas Taraškevičius was born in what foothills?
Samogitians highland
Who directed the science fiction thriller that Olga Dihovichnaya was in?
Daniel Espinosa
Which actor and director was German, Reinhold Schünzel or Charles Hutchison? 
Reinhold Schünzel
The Mamakating Park Historic District is located in a large area of what U.S. state?
New York
Hans Rinn won his first gold medal during the Winter Olympics held in which city?
Innsbruck
Which  district of Morges is La Côte International School located 
Aubonne
What is the country of origin for the Monson Lake State Park and the Dakota War of 1862?
USA
Who won 23 World Rally Championships, two in particular with the Lancia Delta Group A rally car?
Juha Kankkunen
Which one, Boğaziçi University or Basilica Cistern, was built in the 6th century during the reign of Byzantine Emperor Justinian I?
The Basilica Cistern
Who sang All I Got is You, and is also Dennis Coles?
Ghostface Killah
Do Urge Overkill and The Von Bondies play the same genre of music?
yes
Which computer animated film was the first of the spin-off of Cars and had a sequel Planes: Fire & Rescue?
Planes
Atlantica Online is a MORPG set in the mythical land of Atlantis, which was first described by what western philosopher?
Plato
In what city is the university where Danny Hope serve as head football coach from 2003 to 2007 located?
Richmond
what does Catherine Charlotte De la Gardie and Witch-hunt have in common?
witch
Cheating Cheaters is a 1934 American comedy film starring an actress most noted for playing the female lead in what 1933 film?
King Kong
Which "Opposites Attract" singer, did the production team "Thunderpuss" make a megamix of?
Paula Abdul
Are Cistern of Aetius and Hirami Ahmet Pasha Mosque both churches?
no
Were Karen Carpenter and Mark Mothersbaugh both singers?
yes
What was the earliest war to use both the M18 and the M1917?
World War II
Which board game was released first, Las Vegas or Merchant of Venus?
Merchant of Venus
Which film was released first, the South Korean film or the Indian Tamil film?
South Korean comedy horror film.
BurningAngel, starring Joanna Angel, was launched as a response to websites such as which website founded in 2001 by Selena Mooney that revolves around pin-up photography sets of models and provides paying customers access to images provided by models and photographers worldwide?
SuicideGirls
What was the occupation of both Nagisa Oshima and Roy Ward Baker?
film director
Did Jon Jost and Sidney Olcott share the same nationality?
no
Lop Nur and Lake Tritriva, are which type of land mark?
lake
What is the real surname of the Louvin Brothers, an American musical duo who recorded the song Tiny Broken Heart in 1956 for their first album 'Tragic Songs of Life'?
Loudermilk
Which canal is longer, Shinnecock Canal and Warren County Canal?
Warren County Canal
Who has had more film-related jobs, Lucio Fulci or Thomas Vinterberg?
Lucio Fulci
Anthony Dirrell is the brother of which super middleweight title holder?
Andre Dirrell
Are both Heuchera and Apophyllum genus of plant native to Australia?
no
Who designed the rollercoaster train that involved underfriction?
John Miller
Dennis Showalter wrote about the King who reigned over what nation from 1740 to 1786?
Prussia
By what name was the writer of the science fiction novella "Binti" previously known?
Nnedi Okorafor-Mbachu
Italy has taken part in every Universiade since the first one, held in what city?
Turin
T-Shirt is a song from an album by Migos that was released on January 27, 2017, by Atlantic Records and who?
Quality Control Music
The actress that played Annie Edison in "Community" stars with Lizzy Caplan in a film that was nominated for what Sundance Film Festival prize in 2012?
Grand Jury Prize
When was the American comedian, musician and Tony Award-nominated actor that headlined at Carolines on Broadway born?
1971
Kevin Leyton-Brown is a Professor of Computer Science and the university he attended was founded in what year?
1908
In which city did Kyle Irion study a BA in English?
Denton
Rosie Fellner portrayed Joei Harkness with an English actor who passed away in which year ? 
2017
"The Shock of the Lightning" is a song by English rock band Oasis and is the fourth track from which seventh and final studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 6 October 2008 by Big Brother Records?
Dig Out Your Soul
What is the name of the song featured in the movie Hamrahi which is also the national anthem of India?
Jana Gana Mana
Which "Last Man Standing" actor also starred in the 2015 American comedy horror film "Gravy"?
Molly Ephraim
In between Martin v. Hunter's Lessee and Buckley v. Valeo which was the first case to assert ultimate Supreme Court authority over state courts in civil matters of federal law?
Martin v. Hunter's Lessee
Did Bretaigne Windust and Robert Zemeckis work on the "Back to the Future" film trilogy? 
no
Ontario Mills and The Great Mall of the Bay Area are both located where?
California
What Netflix comedy-drama series was written, directed, produced, and edited by a German-born actor, cast in the movie "Deadpool 2"?
Easy
The 1994 world premiere production of Sweet Phoebo starred an actress born in which year ?
1969
In which city is this flag carrier based, for which David "Dave" John Shaw was an airline pilot?
Hong Kong
Which of the following has a father as an executive in the baking industry: Gary T. Smith or Kenneth Branagh?
Gary T. Smith
What lead actor from the 1997 movie "Absolute Power" stars in the HBO drama series "Westworld"?
Ed Harris
Which filmmaker is from Argenitina, Gaspar Noé or Erik Van Looy?
Gaspar Noé
Which company has over 8000 employees, ONEOK or The Cooper Companies?
The Cooper Companies
For which team does the player who performs rap parts on the single We are Ajax play ? 
Beşiktaş
The Dragon's Triangle and the Bermuda Triangle share what name?
Devil's Sea
What programming community index was named after a play first performed at the St James's Theatre in London in 1895?
TIOBE
Jon Farhat was nominated for an academy award for a 1994 American superhero fantasy comedy film that was directed by Charles Russell, and produced by who?
Bob Engelman
The actor that played a university professor in "March", appeared in what courtroom thriller film directed by Sohn Young-sung?
The Client
3 Hudson Boulevard and Riverside Church, are buildings in which city?
New York City
Are André Gide and John W. Campbell of the same nationality?
no
What is the name of an academic and translator of Arabic literature that teaches at a university located in Radnor Township?
Barbara Romaine
Which 2016 Dylan Greenberg film is based on events in a haunted house in Amityville, New York?
Amityville: Vanishing Point
Hum Honorary Phenomenal Serial Award is given to which network founded by Sultana Siddiqui?
Hum TV
 North Sydney Bus Depot is operated by the agency of the government of what Australian state?
New South Wales
The Selenite Range is a mountain range in a state in the Western region of America whose capital is what?
Carson City
What profession does Taylor Hawkins and Nigel Clark have in common?
musician
What €30.6 billion company was sued by Pennsylvania beer distributor, Shangy's?
InBev
Which future president requested the 11th President provide Congress with the exact location blood was spilt on American soil? 
Abraham Lincoln
Who directed a 2004 American action film starring a former competitive diver?
David R. Ellis
What country does Chelyabinsk Airport and S7 Airlines have in common?
Russia
What is the middle name of the man who hosted the game show Scrabble ?  
Herbert
What psychiatrist both served as a chair of the department of psychiatry and wrote a book about reincarnation research studies?
Ian Stevenson
The Tab Hunter Confidential and Let's Get Lost films are both considered which genre?
documentary
What choir originally performed the interpolation on Kanye's 2013 album produced with help of Rick Rubin?
Holy Name of Mary Choral Family
Who founded the record label brand that The Vincent Black Shadow signed in 2006?
Calvin Ayre
When was the American film director, producer and screenwriter born who is the writer of Baby Boom?
December 8, 1949
Dwight Walton played with which eight-time NBA All-Star and a seven-time All-NBA selection?
Steve Nash
Oddrane is the offical supporters club for a Norwegian football club from what city?
Skien
Which of Leigh Whannell friends that directed his work was born on 27 February 1977?
James Wan
Peter Sinfield was part of what rock group with fellow member Robert Fripp?
King Crimson
Which Disney production, The Sword and the Rose or The Castaway Cowboy, was filmed on location in Hawaii?
The Castaway Cowboy
HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I was an album by the singer who had what nickname?
King of Pop
Hailing from Dallas, The Tomorrowpeople had former members of Brutal Juice and twhat other band from Texas whose best known song is Possum Kingdom?
Toadies
What was Stratosphere Las Vegas located at 2200 South Las Vegas formerly known as? 
formerly Vegas World)
Lapis lazuli was mined where during the 7th milennium BC?
Sar-i Sang
SkyBridge Capital is a firm run by a financier who is known by what nickname?
The Mooch
What manufacturer was investigating the Wittman Big X and at one point was based in San Antonio, Texas?
Fairchild Aircraft
Jules Halfant designed a record for which American folk singer-songwriter?
Tom Paxton
What was the another recognition  of one of the authors of Mexican literature who born in March 31, 1914?
poet and diplomat
English actor Matthew Goode starred in 2008 British drama film directed by who?
Julian Jarrold
how is Belgorod International Airport and Tupolev Tu-204 related?
airliner
What was the title of the debut solo album of Kim Hill's replacement in Black Eyed Peas?
The Dutchess
The booth western art museum holds works of this artist, who has more than 2,000 pieces at a Museum complex in montana
Charles Marion Russell
Which radio comedy show host gave themselves the name "Spike" after hearing a band on Radio Luxembourg called Spike Jones and his City Slickers?
Spike Milligan
What pseudonym does American rapper and singer, featured on the album 2012 from duo 1982, use as a record producer?
Larry Fisherman
Are Richard Ashcroft and Cerys Matthews both authors?
no
John W. Ingram was the president of the railroad that was of what class?
Class I
 Alfred C. Baldwin III was hired by a CIA officer who has been linked to which scandal ?
the Watergate scandal
Sam "Sammy" Jack Claphan (born October 10, 1956) attended high school at Stilwell High School in Stilwell, Oklahoma, he was recruited by Head Coach Barry Layne Switzer, a former American football player and coach, born on which date?
October 5, 1937
Are Geoff Masters and Jimmy Connors both former tennis players?
yes
Where is the school Justin Tuck started attending for his MBA in September 2016 located?
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
The Kelso Multimodal Transportation Center,is an Amtrak train station located immediately south of Kelso, Washington, United States, the station is served by "Cascades" and which other passenger train operated by Amtrak on the West Coast of the United States?
Coast Starlight
Ethan Hardy has had a romantic storyline alonside the character played by which star of Waterloo Road and Hollyoaks?
Chelsea "Chelsee" Jade Healey
Who produced the American TV drama series Heats Are Wild and Dynasty?
Aaron Spelling
would you be more likely to hear music from Josh Homme or  Keisuke Kuwata in a movie?
Keisuke Kuwata
what was the  American singer that sing  "We're Getting Stronger" known for 
disco songs
Which mine opened first Big Dan Mine or Negus Mine?
Big Dan Mine
McKenna was a television series that aired on ABC during the 1994–1995 season, it starred who, which was an American actor who appeared in more than 40 films and television series?
Chad Everett
The Father of Video Games Created What Game In 1978?
Simon
Which trophy was awarded to the Los Angeles Galaxy in 2005 at the end of the MLS playoffs?
MLS Cup
Name the director who has directed The Simpsons for wich Marcia Wallace got the Emmy Award in1992 ?
David Silverman
Which genus has more species, Psilotum or Austrocylindropuntia?
Austrocylindropuntia
Ultraviolet appeared on the an album produced by who? 
Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno
The Flowerpot Men's most successful and well-known song was featured in a film directed by who?
John Hughes
In what year was the co-founder of The Moyer Foundation inducted into the Mariners Hall of Fame?
2015
The L. B. Day Amphitheatre, is an outdoor concert venue in Salem, Oregon, United States, within the Oregon State Fairgrounds, bands and performers that have played at the venue include which American rock band from the suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania?
Cinderella
Are both The Steinway Tower and 56 Leonard Street located in the Tribeca neighborhood in New York City?
no
Which network does the series created by a man born with the name Efrem Giovanni Bravo Partible appear on?
Cartoon Network
What kind of scientist did both Paul Greengard and Eric Kandel serve as?
neuroscientist
In what year did the American country and rocakabilly singer release a UK no. 1 record?
1958
Inequality for All was a film presented by a man who served as Secretary of Labor under which President?
Bill Clinton
Nexus 5X is an Android smartphone manufactured by  a South Korean multinational electronics company headquartered where?
Yeouido-dong, Seoul, South Korea
Writer Aschlin Ditta partner made her musical debut appears in this London revival music, but who wrote the original film? 
Eleanor Bergstein
What town in the united states is home to a historic mill building and in 2010 had a population over 7,000?
Pembroke, New Hampshire
In which region is the Capo Mele L?ighthouse
Liguria
Which other snake's name is the brand for a distribution of the Python programming language that includes Astropy?
Anaconda
Who developed the game that features Somebody New on its soundtrack?
Polyphony Digital
Curtis Reid died at a city that is in which local government area?
the City of Boroondara
Kuldeep Manak was known for singing a type of music known in what continent?
South Asia
When was the American theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley born who encounters with Einstein Wrote Back?
April 22, 1904
Who covered the most disciplines, Abū Sahl al-Qūhī or Al-Farabi?
Al-Farabi
Where was the Nickelodeon star for whom Djordje Stijepovic served as bassist born?
Newport Beach, California
What is the population of the city where Jennifer Armstrong now lives?
26,586
Where is Royal Caribbean's MS Radiance of the Seas registered?
Nassau, Bahamas
Is it true that "The Woman's Viewpoint" and "Marie Claire" are both names for magazines with a focus on women?
yes
Among the many books Gert Korthof reviewed during his time at Utrecht University, which reference work was written by an American biochemist best know for his argument for his stance on irreducible complexity?
"The Edge of Evolution"
Zeyrek Mosque and Bağdat Avenue, are in which city?
Istanbul
Did Neon Trees or Salt have a hit single first?
Neon Trees
What American electronic music duo from Detroit, Michigan was formed by the main member of Dopplereffekt?
Drexciya
The music video of "Palat – Tera Hero Idhar Hai" features the assistant director to Karan Johar on what 2010 drama?
My Name Is Khan
Who is the scholar of medieval English literature teaching at the institution founded in 1874?
T. L. Burton
What character did Mary Marg Helgenberger portray where she received several award nominations in the CBS police procedural drama?
Catherine Willows
What is the name of the book that chronicles interations of executives at Disney, including son in law, Ronal William Miller?
DisneyWar
Where crushed limestone trail trail  follow the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad, also known as Rock Island Line or The Rock?
The Hoover Nature Trail
Warrel Dane is the lead singer of what American power metal band, founded in Seattle in 1985?
Sanctuary
Which rapper from Houston, Texas was produced by Axident?
Riff Raff
What is the name of the NFL cornerback who played 4 seasons with the New York Giants and has a similar name as a fictional character played by Jamie Foxx in the movie Any Given Sunday?
Willie Beamon
Wizkid, who's self-titled second album goes by the name "Ayo" worked with Maleek Shoyebi who is more commonly known as what?
Maleek Berry
Which protagonist of "El Talisman" holds a beauty pageant title?
Blanca Soto
In what year was the singer whose third solo album was "Def, Dumb & Blonde" born?
1945
Peter J. Ratcliffe is a part of the Fellow of the Royal Society which is an award for what?
award granted to individuals that the Royal Society judges to have made a "substantial contribution to the improvement of natural knowledge, including mathematics, engineering science and medical science
Big Time Rush released a song called Windows Down, where the song's hook is sampled from a song by the English rock band Blur, which was released when?
April 1997
The drummer born in 1974 who was one of the hosts of Mammary Lane was born in what state?
Kansas
What year did the woman whose 2016 campaign John Podesta was chairman of become First Lady of the United States?
1993
What games were held November 12 to 27th where Lee Choon-Huan won gold medal for the team relay?
The 2010 Asian Games
What genre is the film whose character inspired the name of Anelosimus dude?
crime comedy
When was the owner of Oscar Mayer Company formed?
2015
The singer for the band Vertex, is best known as the founder, singer and songwriter of what heavy metal band?
Ratt
What job did both Mark Hennessy and Jacoby Shaddix have?
singer
What famous son of Hiroo Johar and the acclaimed producer Yash Johar made his directorial debut with the film, "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai?"
Karan Johar
Which public square and shopping centre in Sandton is The statue of Nelson Mandela located 
Nelson Mandela Square
How many feature films has the Irish-American actor who appeared in "Frankenstein" (1994) and "Practical Magic" 1998 starred in
over 50 feature films
What indie rock group features Alan Sparhawk and formerly Zak Sally?
Low
What British former professional football midfielder was one of the stars of Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties?
Vinnie Jones
What is the stage name of the arist with a debut album titled 'No Angel' that also appeared on the 'Rhythms del Mundo' collaborative album?
Dido
Are Lonnie Wilson and Frank Iero both musicians?
yes
Which was made farther west, Shoah or An Inconvenient Truth?
An Inconvenient Truth
Richard Thorp appeared in the 1955 film directed by whom?
Michael Anderson
Ted Cain is a former football coach who coached in the college football ranks for over 30 years and coached American football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins and was traded to what team in 2009?
Chicago Bears
Which documentary was released first,  Sweet Crude or Chernobyl Heart?
Chernobyl Heart
What 1869 novel was a favorite of the writer known as Vladimir Sirin?
Misunderstood
Which American film director and playwright made the political thriller Spartan, starring Val Kilmer, in 2004?
David Mamet
Which German prince became a Belgian King and was closely connected to a German-born banker of Jewish descent who was awarded the Order of Leopold?
Leopold I
In what country was Lost Gravity manufactured?
Germany
Which Paiute messiah, also known by Jack Wilson, is buried in Nevada?
Wovoka
What UK trip hop duo was the artist of Play it Again Sam originally from before starting her career as a solo artist?
Moloko
This South Korean television series that premiere on July 17, 2017 stars a singer and actress who is a member of what girl group?
Gugudan
What terrorist organization is Anwar ul Haq Mujahid and Zaibullah Mujahid apart of?
Taliban
Patito Feo (in English, Ugly Duckling) is a comedy TV series for kids and teens from Argentina, starring which  Argentine actress and singer, who gained international popularity for her debut acting role as Patricia "Patito" Castro, in the popular Argentine, Patito Feo?
Laura Natalia Esquivel
Turn Around, is a song by British singer Conor Maynard, a collaboration between the Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album, titled?
Diamonds
What is the birthday of the founder of The Lown Institute?
June 7, 1921
Which two Rock band's legal representative also represented the kidnapped grandaughter of American publishing magnate William Randolph Hearst?
Jefferson Airplane and the Grateful Dead
What is the slang term used to describe the agency that The Grupo de Operaciones Especiales  is a part of?
Federales
Which historic hospital has the highest rate of wrongful death lawsuits in the Washington D.C. area, Howard University Hospital or St. Elizabeths Hospital?
Howard University Hospital
Itchy & Scratchy & Marge:was the first episode directed by the consultant who attended what college?
California Institute of the Arts
What is the name of the movie staring Ryan and Tatum O'Neal based on a popular song from 1933?
Paper Moon
What was the nickname of the UK Prime Minister that introduced the The Shops Bill 1986?
"Iron Lady"
Edward Carfagno, was an art director who established himself in the 1950s with his Oscar-winning work on such films as which 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare, directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, who also wrote the uncredited screenplay, and produced by John Houseman?
Julius Caesar
What RuPaul's Drag Race judge has also appeared on Sing It!
Todrick Hall
Saint Motel and The Darling Buds, are which type of musical group?
band
Where did the third collaboration open by Richard Rodgers  and Oscar Hammerstein II , The form began to flourish in the late 1960s?
Broadway
What is the nationality of the singer who had a single co-produced by Nisan Cumming Stewart?
Portuguese-Canadian
What documentary came out first, Man of Aran or Junket Whore?
Man of Aran
Who once claimed that the inventor of the KISS principle "can actually see air?"
Hall Hibbard
Sumitro was a prominent Indonesian General during which Indonesian's presidency?
Suharto
Which genus has more species, Calycanthus or Wikstroemia?
Wikstroemia
In what industry did the aviator who André Borschberg replaced as the longest solo flight in an airplane of any kind record holder make his fortune?
financial services
What CEO manages a hotel and casino situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip?
Corey Sanders
Is Masdevallia or Milium named after Jose Masdeval? 
Masdevallia
Which of the "Carry On" films which has Angela Grant appeared is the sixteenth in the series of "Carry On" films?
Carry On Up the Khyber
What do Succisa and Symphytum have in common?
genus of flowering plants
Lotus 48 was designed by which English inventor?
Anthony Colin Bruce Chapman CBE
Kimber Aegis is a series of which single-action pistols?
M1911
Terminator 2: Judgment Day was the sequel to which sci-fi film directed by James Cameron?
The Terminator
When was the American college football coach and former player born for whom 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season was the third season as head coach for 2007 Florida Gators football team?
July 10, 1964
What is the full name of the singer of the 2002 album Fight?
Dorothee Pesch
Which country can the Swahili people be found in whose capital is Maputo?
Mozambique
Which Minnesota Republican politician defeated Gerry Sikorski in 1992?
Rod Grams
Agumatsa is a mountain range in Ghana which includes the country's highest point, Mount Aduadu, and the nearby Mount Afadja, the popular tourist attraction, the highest waterfall in Ghana and West Africa, is within the range, called what?
Wli Waterfalls
Hot, the funk song by James Brown, uses the main riff from a David Bowie song initially released in what year?
1975
Who was married to a founding member of Nirvana?
Courtney Love
"The Hindu Times" is a song that was written by musician who was raised where?
Burnage, Manchester
Which city is John Ilhan Memorial Reserve located in?
City of Hume
What prize did a star in The Making of Plus One win in 2002?
the Pulitzer Prize
Burton M. Goldfield is a United States-born business executive, he is currently the president and CEO of which company, he is a regular contributor to Forbes Magazine and his articles feature issues relevant to SMBs, or Small and Medium-sized Enterprises?
TriNet
Lord North Street has a resident in which former Conservative MP who received an 18-month prison sentence for perjury in 1999?
Jonathan William Patrick Aitken
The USRC "Benjamin Rush" was stationed in what current Pennsylvania county?
Erie County
Which phenomenon said to be often seen on the Mekong River is  Mekhong Full Moon Party about
Naga fireballs
At what age did the singer of Good Friend and a Glass of Wine rise to stardom?
13
In which area the largest privately held supermarket chains in the United States was established which acquired Seessel's Supermarkets in 2002?
St. Louis area
A Wild Ride Through the Night is a novel by the German Author/ Cartoonist Walter Moers, the story is based on 12 engravings by which French artist, printmaker, illustrator and sculptor who worked primarily with wood engraving?
Paul Gustave Louis Christophe Doré
The county that Doris Beck was the first woman to serve as a Mayor of had a population of what in 2010?
783,969
The Audi RS4 quattro is the top tier and highest performing version of some specific generations of the Audi A4 range of automobiles, it slots distinctly above which high performance variant of Audi's compact executive car A4, and was the original Audi S4, built from 1991 until 1994?
Audi S4
K-Michel Parandi and Roy Rowland share what occupation?
film director
James Lee Burke, is an American author of mysteries, his Robicheaux character has been portrayed twice on screen, second time by Tommy Lee Jones, a 2009 Franco-American mystical drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier?
In the Electric Mist
the Buddha Bar became known internationally for issuing popular compilations of a subgenre of electronic music whose name is dreived from a slang word for what?
relax
Engine company No. 2 is a what?
firehouse
Crazy Horse and Kicking Bear were brothers who fought togther in what war?
War for the Black Hills
What is the accreditation body for the university where Ellis Cashmore taught before 1993?
Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
When did the symphonic black/industrial metal band that formed in 1987 in Sion release their fourth album?
19 August 1996
What Australian actress born in 1993 played the tv foster child of Teri Polo in a 2013 tv series?
Maia Mitchell
What type of high population density geographical region is Palmyra , Pennsylvania a part of?
Metropolitan statistical area
Who are owners of the company that produces the show Wedi 3?
its senior management and private equity company Vitruvian Partners
Which Toad the Wet Sprocket album debuted earlier, Coil or New Constellation?
Coil
What American artist uses the bodyguard services of Icon Services Corporation and is widely known as the Queen of Funk? 
Chaka Khan
What is the capital of the sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast that is home to The Movement of National Understanding?
Algiers
Where did the draft that Ruslan Bashkirov was drafted in the second round to the Ottawa Senators take place?
Columbus, Ohio, United States
Who did background vocals and co-wrote "Best Days of Your Life"?
Taylor Swift
The university, of which Nihal Jayawickrama was Professor of Human Rights from 1992 to 1993, was founded in what year?
1907
Wangjing SOHO, the structure was designed by an Iraqi-British architect, Zaha Hadid, that died on which date?
31 March 2016
Neon Horse and Violent Soho are both what?
rock band
Exit Wounds: The Album featured the debut of a rapper whose first album was titled what?
Look What You Made Me
Are Ken Follett and Thomas Keneally of the same nationality?
no
Who designed the pinball game High Speed based on the real-life police chase inside a 1979 Porsche 928?
Steve Ritchie
It's Only Love, is a 1947 Austrian historical musical film, which portrays the life of which Austrian composer?
Franz Peter Schubert
The brother of Ray Harvey appeared in how many test matches between 1948 and 1963?
79
What precursor of the modern state of Switzerland was involved in the Wars of Kappel?
Old Swiss Confederacy
The person who composed music for the movie Sivappu is of what nationality?
Indian
What army depot that is a logistics center for the United States Department of Defense is located near the Tobyhanna National Forest?
Tobyhanna Army Depot
In what country did Ryuji win a silver medal in 1995?
Japan
What is the main career of Monica Mancini, daughter of the great film score composer Henry?
singer
Does Fellini's Pizza currently have more chains operating than Upper Crust Pizzeria?
yes
Which university was founded first, Université Laval or St. Cloud State University?
Université Laval
Which former captain of the Pakistani side was bought under the contract for the fourth season of the Chittagong Vikings?
Shoaib Malik
The title track of the album "We Free Kings" is a variation of a carol written by who?
John Henry Hopkins, Jr.
Who directed a 1988 drama starring Margaret O'Neill?
Michael Apted
Havana Quartet stars what  Spanish actor, director, singer, and producer.
Antonio Banderas
Which film has sequels, The Muppet Christmas Carol or Never a Dull Moment?
The Muppet Christmas Carol
Are both Universities, University of South Carolina and Christopher Newport University located in the same state ?
no
Draped Up & Chipped Out, Vol. 2 had a guest appearance by the record producer who founded what label?
Thizz Entertainment
 Ramona Falls is located in a forest along the trail that is part of the highest portion of which mountain ranges?
Sierra Nevada and Cascade
Which trademark of an American athletic company has been estimated to have a worth of 26 billion dollars?
Swoosh
Q: Does Fuyang and Lincang border the same places.
no
What American supernatural drama television series that premiered on CBS on September 21, 1994, has a spin off series called Promised Land?
Touched by an Angel
What web resource includes both the X-Ray Engine source code and allows collaboration features such as bug tracking and feature requests?
GitHub
which case was decided earlier, Fletcher v. Peck or South Carolina v. Katzenbach
Fletcher v. Peck
at Briarcrest Christian School Hugh Freeze coached Michael Oher and this American football player who was drafted by the Carolina Panthers in what year?
2010
Mandarin Oriental Macau is a hotel that overlooks what man-made lake in Macau?
Nam Van Lake
Which battle lasted longer, the Second Battle of Bull Run or Seven Days Battles?
The Seven Days Battles
How many miles is Womma railway station from the central terminus?
27.3 km
Mogens Palle is a Danish professional boxing promoter and manager, he was involved in more than 200 matches for European and world titles and worked with which Danish former professional boxer, who held the IBO heavyweight title?
Brian Nielsen
When was the person who discovered Palomar 4 in 1949 born?
November 20, 1889
What activist is the president of a human rights organization with the goal of finding the children stolen during the Argentine Dirty War?
Enriqueta Estela Barnes de Carlotto
Spider One and Lee Min-woo, are entertainers?
yes
Which started first, the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy or the Battle of Luzon?
The Battle of Luzon
What type of music is typically performed by professed Christians principally for Christians who listen to heavy metal music and includes the band Worldview?
Christian metal
Who operates The AXIS Theater?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
Was Children's National Medical Center or St. Elizabeths Hospital the first federally operated psychiatric hospital in the United States?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
The Mitsubishi 4A9 engine was introduced by a company headquartered in what country?
Japan
What is the birthdate of this Dutch professional football manager and former player, who was a new signing for the 1998-99 FC Barcelona season?
29 October 1970
How many Grammy Award nominations has the musician behind "Velas", which Nicolette sampled for "Waking Up", received?
79
In what year was the actor who played Dr. Richard Solomon in "3rd Rock from the Sun" born?
1945
Lightning Bug is a 2004 coming of age drama film executive produced by an American actress best known for her role as who?
Donna Pinciotti
When was the first year reports of Aaron Burr's ghost appearing at One If By Land, Two If By Sea could have started?
1836
What is the name of the court, more commonly known as the The Hague, from which Judge Shigeru Oda retired in 2003?
International Court of Justice
Which Breaking Bad character was played by a co-star from Claire in Motion?
Marie Schrader
Who directed Stanley Weiser's Wall Street in 1987?
Oliver Stone
Yoshino Nanjō plays Eli Ayase in which popular Japanese animated music series?
Love Live!
Who was the director of the movie based on the board game that the actor known for his work in John Carter, Savages, and Lone Survivor also starred in?
Peter Berg
 The Autodromo Nazionale Monza is a race track located near Monza, north of a city that is the capital of which region ?
Lombardy Region
What was the nickname of the opponent who lost a title fight to Tiger Flowers?
The Pittsburgh Windmill
Who has written more books, Robert Zildjian or Aram Haigaz?
Aram Haigaz
What sport do both Jacoby Ellsbury and the 2013 Boston Red Sox season have in common?
baseball
Are both Zakk Wylde and Seohyun both singers actors/actresses?
yes
Adolf Hitler killed himself by gunshot on 30 April 1945 in his "Führerbunker" in Berlin, His wife, committed suicide with him by taking cyanide, who was the longtime companion of Adolf Hitler and, for fewer than 40 hours, his wife?
Eva Anna Paula Hitler
"Let Yourself Go"is written which member ,and songwriter of Green Day ?
Billie Joe Armstrong
Who best known for receiving writing credit for a reggae song by Bob Marley and the Wailers that became known in 1974 through the studio album "Natty Dread" was also know by what name?
"Tata" or "Tartar"
What is the nationality of the football coach and former player who won the Heisman Trophy for the 2000 Florida State Seminoles football team?
American
Who did A.L. "Doodle" Owens work with to write many songs for the singer of "He Stopped Loving Her Today"?
Dennis Knutson
"Tooh", a song composed by Vishal-Shekhar with lyrics by Anvita Dutt Guptan, is performed by playback singers Mika Singh and who?
Mamta Sharma
Q: Who is older, Wayne Black or Byron Black?
Byron Black
The author of "Cabal" was the executive producer of what film?
"Gods and Monsters"
What Atlantic County Sheriff did Steve Buscemi play in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire?
Enoch L. Johnson
 Hell Gate seperates Randall's and Wards Islands from a neighborhood with a population of what?
78,793
Les Brewer, is an American businessman who co-founded the College of the Atlantic, founded in 1969, is a private, liberal-arts college located in Bar Harbor on Mount Desert Island, Maine, in which country?
United States
In which prestigious venues did the Pakistani female singer performed who's some songs were written by Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar?
Royal Albert Hall
In what year was the actor who played a troubled coach in The Slaughter Rule born?
1953
What city is the suburb that Archdeacon Thomas Towpeny presided over located at?
City of Charles Sturt
Where is Lensk located?
Sakha Republic
Who founded the TV channel on which the episode, The Enchiridion, of the series Adventure Time was originally aired ?
Betty Cohen
What tax preparation company has a Kansas City office covered in glass, similarly to the 1201 Walnut building?
H&R Block
Do Malva and Prosopis have the same number of species?
no
Did Mary Harron and Bob Clark work in the same industry?
yes
Gilia and Holly, are a species of which entities?
flowering plants
Who was a member of the group Celtic Thunder and who plays Rory Flanagan on "Glee"?
Damian McGinty
In which city was this American singer, actor, and producer whose compilation album "Come Fly Away" was released in 2010 born?
Hoboken, New Jersey
What was the birth date of the composer from "The Place Beyond the Pines"?
11 September 1935
Who won the 1998 Olympics and was couched by Richard Callaghan?
Tara Lipinski
Who published "Fifty Shades Freed?"
Vintage Books
Lizzette Reynolds came to attention over the firing of the director of science of what agency?
Texas Education Agency
What show did the Miss Universe 1975 host also host?
The Price Is Right
What DC Comic book did the Joker originally appear in 1940?
Batman
Who wrote the ubiquitous song excluded from "The Roar of Jefferson Airplane" compilation?  
Grace Slick
Who directed this 2004 American computer-animated superhero film in which Spencer Fox voiced Dash Parr?
Brad Bird
Which football team has the home stadium where 1989 Aloha Bowl took place?
Rainbow Warriors
HMS Blanche was wrecked of an island in which country ?
Netherlands
Sahara Hotnights and Lacey Sturm, both are American?
no
I'll see it through appeared in a movie directed by who? 
Richard Curtis
The 1996 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was held on which date, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jim Inhofe won re-election to his first full term?
November 5, 1996
What Australian program featured the character of Tess Silverman McCleod?
McLeod's Daughters
The radio station KLLZ-FM broadcasts from a city located where?
in Beltrami County (and county seat), in north west Minnesota, United States
Who appeared in the 1979 Italian-American science fiction horror film, The Visitor, who also is an American author, attorney, and former libertarian radio host?
Neal A Boortz, Jr.
What stadium did the 1997 Montana Grizzlies football team play at that was opened in 1986?
Washington–Grizzly Stadium
Are Suggs and Jaret Reddick both musicians?
yes
Are the rock bands Suede and Jack's Mannequin from the same country?
no
Pete Ham who wrote "Baby Blue" from the series finale of "Breaking Bad" also co-wrote this world number one hit with Harry Nilsson?
Without You
In what year did actor Alan Ruck appear in the movie Twister?
1996
Which musician co-founded Throwing Muses with her stepsister Kristin Hersh: Tanya Donelly or Kai Hansen?
Tanya Donelly
When was the aircraft manufacturer at which Klapmeier brothers was a co-founder founded? 
1984
Take Flight is a musical with book by John Weidman, the musical is inspired by the early history of aviation, interweaving the lives of many, including Amelia Mary Earhart, an American aviation pioneer and author, and the first female aviator, to fly solo across which water location?
Atlantic Ocean
What chord also known as fifth chord is prominent in Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs?
power chord
Which American singer, songwriter and actress is featured on "Somebody to You" released in 2014? 
Demetria Devonne Lovato
What South Korean television drama base on a Japanese manga series of the same name stars an actor who also starred in "My Husband's Woman" (2007), and "The Chaser" (2012)?
City Hunter
Which rapper collaborated on the song "Dance with the Devil" with Felipe Andres Coronel?
Sean George
The 2016 Marrakesh ePrix ended up in a 3rd-place finish for the driver of what nationality?
Swedish
Which now abandoned resort and theme park located near the village of Charnock Richard contains custom roller coaster Knightmare?
Camelot Theme Park
What country is home to the sports club loaning Bruno Paulista to Vasco da Gama?
Portugal
Tabitha Wady is known for her role as Gemma in what 2000 British teen Comedy film that was based on the Harry Enfield sketch Kevin the Teenager?
Kevin & Perry Go Large
In what year did the Chickasaw Nation open Win Star World Casino just 100 miles away from Chisholm Trail Casino?
2004
Justin Garrett Whalin (born September 6, 1974) is an American actor, he is known for his roles as the teenage Andy Barclay in Child's Play 3, a 1991 American supernatural slasher film, written by who?
Don Mancini
Who was born first  Hendrik Johannes "Johan" Cruijff or Marinus Jacobus Hendricus "Rinus" Michels?
Marinus Jacobus Hendricus "Rinus" Michels
Were both the Tiki 100 and Elektor Junior Computer developed or manufactured by European entities?
yes
Paul McCartney's songwriting partner had his albums produced by an American production team who also produced albums for what other famous band? 
Nine Inch Nails
When was the method of execution used on the Carthusian Martyrs of London introduced as the statutory penalty for high treason ?
1351
In what year was the head coach of the 1988 Tennesee Volunteers football team inducted into the College Fottball Hall of Fame?
1987
Who has more members Talking Heads or Kings of Convenience?
Talking Heads
Ted Moore was a cinematographer who won an Acadamy Award for "A Man for All Seasons" which was what type of film?
1966 British biographical drama film
This Belgian Flemish actor, who made his film debut at the age of 13 in "Daens" also starred in a film adaptation of the 1874 novel by who?
Thomas Hardy
When was this British professional boxer born who, besides Gavin Rees, beat John Watson for the British lightweight title?
16 November 1986
Timanfaya National Park and Cabañeros National Park are both what?
national park
Where is the crowdfunding corporation that made Allie Goertz's "Sad Dance Songs" album possible based?
Brooklyn, New York
What is the sitting capacity of the stadium in which the 2016 NCAA Division II Men's Lacrosse Championship would be played on May 29, 2016? 
69,176
Which pizzeria chain is older Russo's New York Pizzeria or Toppers Pizza?
Toppers Pizza
Name the Italian Mathematician onwhole name Levi-civita symbol is named and also inventor of tensor calculus ?
Tullio Levi-Civita
Thomas W. Hayes filled the vacancy created by the August 4, 1987 death of a Democrat also known as what?
Big Daddy Unruh
"Tone it down" is a song what number album by Gucci Mane?
Mr. Davis is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane
Which mine has more gold in it, Leckie Mine or Burwash Mine?
Leckie Mine
 Did Mike Newell  win the award BAFTA for "Four Weddings and a Funeral" or "Pushing Tin"?
BAFTA Award for Best Direction for "Four Weddings and a Funeral
Who was a member in the society named after the poem titled "The Crescent Moon" wrote by the "the Bard of Bengal"
Xu Zhimo
Who manufactured the jet that took FedEx Express Flight 630 on July 28, 2006?
McDonnell Douglas
Which Austin, Texas band has toured with more bands, Alpha Rev or Driver Friendly?
Driver Friendly
Are both Steven Zaillian and Arthur Nersesian american?
yes
Gable and Lombard is a 1976 American biographical film directed by Sidney J. Furie, the screenplay is based on the romance and consequent marriage of Carole Lombard, and who, he was an American film actor and military officer, often referred to as "The King of Hollywood" or just simply as "The King"?
Clark Gable
Nike Hypervenom is endorsed/worn by a professional footballer who plays for the Algeria national team, and what Premier League club?
Leicester City
What was the nationality of the person who wrote Variations on a Theme by Tchaikovsky?
Russian
The birth city of Temoer Terry was named after what Union general?
James Birdseye McPherson
Both Deschampsia and Wigandia are what classification level?
genus
Where is the supermarket chain started by Joseph E. Grosberg now headquartered?
Downtown Schenectady
Which was a documentary film distributed by HBO, Thin or Congo River, Beyond Darkness?
Thin
Who developed a first-person shooter sports video game for the PlayStation 4 console and its virtual reality head-mounted display  known by the codename Project Morpheus during development?
Guerrilla Cambridge
What did Pseudo-Ingulf write that is an important primary source for English medieval history, particularly the late 15th century?
Croyland Chronicle
Which English novelist published an anthology in 1981?
Kingsley Amis
White Dwarf is a publication that advertises which producer of Warhammer 40,000 game products?
Citadel Miniatures
Who directed more films, Guy Hamilton or Ulli Lommel?
Ulli Lommel
The Cheeseburger song "Comin' Home" was used as the theme song for a tv series that first aired on what date? 
May 13, 2007
Bhagat Ram Talwar was a comrade of the nationalist who is of what heritage?
Indian
What United States Army post, based in  the Nome Census Area of Alaska, is named for an officer who served in the American Civil War? 
Fort Davis
Which Walt Disney Animation Studios' animated feature film has this fictional character whose sidekick is Pascal?
Tangled
To what country did Iannis Xenakis flee in the same year that Mark Kidel was born?
France.
Which music directing duo worked on the film Sultan?
Vishal–Shekhar
What country of origin does Johnny Bravo and Van Partible have in common?
American
How many races did the father of Jacques Villeneuve win in six years of racing Grand Prix for Ferrari?
six
Both Frankie Bridge and Sigurd Wongraven are considered what profession?
singer-songwriter
The 2001 Oklahoma Sooners Football team their home games at a stadium with an official seating capacity following renovations in 2015 of what?
86,112
In a terrorist attack, Anis Amri drove a truck into a special kind of seasonal market in Germany that was first held in Bautzen in what year?
1384
Soil Festivities is a studio album, released in 1984, known professionally as Vangelis a Greek composer of electronic, progressive, ambient, jazz, and orchestral music, name?
Evangelos Odysseas Papathanassiou
The drummer for the album "Center of the World" was born in what year?
1936
Are Sanchezia and Pycnanthemum in the same family?
no
Gabriel Mann co-starred in a film that was an international co-production between what countries?
the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom
What is the name of the American actor whose most notable films include, LA Confidential, The Green Mile and a 2008 crime thriller set in Vancouver, and released direct to DVD in the US?
James Cromwell
What year was the covalist on the song "Come Taste the Band" inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
2016
On what channel does the children's program for which Arkady Ostrovsky wrote the lullaby air on?
Carousel channel
What is Sheree North correlation to the Bing Crosby Show?
Guest stars
Bruce Chalmers served as editor in chief of which material science journal?
Progress in Materials Science
The University of Gibraltar is a public university located at Europa Point, Gibraltar, established in which year, the University of Gibraltar is the first degree granting university in the Territory?
2015
What university is the woman who edited "The Fire This Time" an associate professor at?
Tulane University
Michael O'Hanrahan was executed for his role an armed insurrection that tool place in what country?
Ireland
Queen are a British rock band that formed in London, which British singer, songwriter and record producer, was known as the lead vocalist?
Farrokh "Freddie" Mercury
The lyric writer of "Teach Me Tonight" is best known for his romantic lyrics to films and what else?
Broadway songs
Are Anthony Kimmins and Cesar Montano in the same industry?
yes
The South African stand-up comedian and actor performed as a member of what, and appeared in the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal?
Joe Parker's Comedy Express
Nasty Gal was founded by the businesswoman of what nationality?
American
Who is Jared Kushner's father-in-law?
Donald Trump
"The Pearl Fishers' Duet" is a famous libretto from the opera Les pêcheurs de perles, by which French composer?
Georges Bizet
What is the abbreviation of the passage discovered by Hudson and Button?
NWP
Sun Wei  involves the field recording of which component of the acoustic environment that can be perceived by humans?
soundscape
Who is the owner and operator of the hotel where the 2012 World Indoor Target Archery Championships were held in Nevada?
Michael Gaughan
What is the birthday of the person for whom The Mevlana Mosque in Rotterdam was named for?
30 September 1207
Tricky Stewart helped produce a song by Rihanna from what album?
Good Girl Gone Bad
Which US Army post part of the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area replaced cotton as an economic force in Madison Station Historic District?
Redstone Arsenal
Are the Bramble and the Kamikaze types of soft drinks?
no
Gol Transportes Aéreos is the second largest Brazilian airline company by market share after the company that merged with LAN Airlines on which date?
June 22, 2012
Cerbera manghas is a genus of plants as opposed to Securinega which is a what?
small evergreen coastal tree
What country of origin does Ian Day and Neil Kerley have in common?
Australian
Ted Juggins played English football for the team commonly referred to as what?
Wolves
Are Paul Schattel and Brian Helgeland both screenwriters?
yes
Are both Jet's Pizza and Bearno's operating in the same state?
no
Which band that Charlie Hugall produced for released the studio album "22"?
Kaiser Chiefs
Which country covers more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area, and is home to ethnomusicologist Izaly Zemtsovsky?
Russia
Henry Doctor, Jr was the Commanding General with how many soldiers in the 2nd Infantry Division?
17,000
Ren Cancan is a female Chinese boxer who has won three world championships, she lost in both of her Olympic Games, to which double-champion British professional boxer?
Nicola Adams
What entertainment company owned by Turner Broadcasting, is overseen by an American media executive who serves as the president of TBS and TNT and as and Chief Creative Officer for Turner Entertainment?
Super Deluxe
The song "Underworld" was included on the film sountrack of a movie from what year?
2007
Hitman: Agent 47 was basedf on the video game series developed by which Danish company?
IO Interactive
Hibiscus waimeae, is a species of flowering plant in the okra family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻ i in Hawaii, H. arnottianus" of Oʻ ahu and Molokaʻ i and "H. waimeae", have white flowers, and are the only of how many species of hibiscus, regarded as native to Hawaii?
seven
How far off the coast of Venezuela is the birthplace of Jonathon C. "Jono" Jones?
11 km
New Zealand Woman's Weekly and Olivia are both what kind of publications?
women's magazine
Strangers' Meeting stars an actress born in what year?
1932
Wannsee House and the Holocaust by Steven Lehrer, tells the story of the elegant suburban Berlin villa where the Wannsee Conference took place on which date, at that meeting, which was a high-ranking German Nazi official during World War II, and a main architect of Wannsee House and the Holocaust by Steven Lehrer, tells the story of the elegant suburban Berlin villa where the Wannsee Conference took place on January 20, 1942, at that meeting, which was a high-ranking German Nazi official during World War II, and a main architect of the Holocaust?
January 20, 1942
What type of gun was attempted to improve in The Heckler & Koch MP2000?
9mm submachine gun
In between Luzula and Patrinia which has 17 species native to grassy mountain habitats in China, Siberia and Japan?
Patrinia
Atomic Monster Productions produced a horror film in 2016 which was directed by who?
James Wan
What novel by Charles E. Carryl is a pastiche imitation of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Davy and the Goblin
James Michael Hillman, better known by the ring name "Mean" Mike Miller, is an American professional wrestler who had great success in Pacific Northwest Wrestling, during his career Mean Mike faced many wrestling legends such as which American professional wrestler, best known under the ring name of "Hangman" Bobby Jaggers?
Robert F. Jeaudoin
Which was made in the 20th century, Let's Get Lost or Red State?
Let's Get Lost
Interstate 70 in Kansas extends from the Colorado border near a town of what population as of the 2010 census?
153
While Ron Shelton is a film director, what is Khady Sylla?
writer of two novels, short work, and film
What country does Susan May and Chesapeake Bay have in common?
United States
Barrier Device starred which Canadian actress, known for a role on "Grey's Anatomy", as a sex researcher?
Sandra Miju Oh
When was the investigative committee appearing the the 1990 documentary Berkeley in the Sixties abolished?
1975
Rolling Stone and Cinefantastique, are both types of what media?
magazine
What was the ranking, on 2016 Fortune 500 list,  of the insurance company which has Seymour G. Sternberg as its chairman ? 
#61
Where did José Roberto da Silva Junior defect to during the 2001–02 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season?
Bayern Munich
Kelly Osbourne has appeared on season nine of the program that was executive produced by whom?
Conrad Green
What 2004 romantic drama film directed by Gurinder Chadha featured the Indian actress, Meghna Kothari?
Bride and Prejudice
How many people were abord the flight that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab attempted to bomb in 2009?
290
Which former Mavericks player now serves as a color analyst for the Mavericks' radio broadcast? 
Fat Lever
Joe Santarpia, began his career as an amateur boxer and made it all the way to the semi finals in the New York Golden Gloves, on that team was three time world champ Carlos Ortiz, of which nationality?
Puerto Rican
The Hedda award was named after a play written by what Norwegian playwright?
Henrik Ibsen
Abort, Retry, Fail? is an EP released by a musician who became a one-hit wonder with what song?
"Your Woman"
Are both K-Michel Parandi and Sergei Bondarchuk a filmmaker?
yes
The winner of the 1975 Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series stars with Warwick Davis and Val Kilmer in a 1988 film directed by who?
Ron Howard
What is the population of the city in which Peter Swart comes from?
3,299
What Puliter Prize winner for Poetry was friends with Royal Gay Nebeker?
Gary Snyder
What theater was where the 1984 play was first staged which was written by a playwright who received two Pulitzer Prizes for Drama?
the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center
 Alphonse "Buddy" Fletcher Jr. has been involved in litigation centered on a dispute with the board of an apartment building built in what year?
1884
What "Nevada" class battleship was Eldon P. Wyman aboard when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor?
USS Oklahoma
When was the original song from the promotional single that was spawned from Intimate and Live originally released?
15 August 1976
What is the name of the right-handed cricket player who was suspended for the same infraction Sharjeel Khan?
Khalid Latif
What was the population in 2011 of the city that St Mary's Church, Lower Ince is in?
97,000
The Russell Subdivision is a railroad line owned by a railroad headquartered in what state?
Florida
Who is older, Hal Hartley or Jonas Mekas?
Jonas Mekas
Who hosted "50 Ways To Kill Your Mammy" and moved on to host Baz's Culture Clash?
Bazil Ashmawy
Who did the wife of Clayton Matthews also collaborate with?
Denise Hrivnak
Which one of these Eastern University's, Florida State University or Liberty University, is classified as a doctoral research university by the Carbegie Classification?
Liberty University
A maya snake deity that is closely related to a deity whose name means feathered serpent, is also closely related to what other deity?
Q'uq'umatz
What is the county seat of the county in which Procambarus franzi can be found in two caves?
Ocala
Middle Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District a mountainous region in what country?
England
Who starred in more movies between A. Edward Sutherland and Ulli Lommel?
Ulli Lommel
Robert Tamburini races what super bike?
Yamaha YZF-R1
What actor born in 1972 has acted in the following films: "Life on Mars", "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", and "One for the Money"?
Jason O'Mara
Paul Haarhuis and Tomás Carbonell, have which former occupation?
professional tennis player
Where was the political activist born who campaigned on issues involving westernmost subregion of Africa?
Nigeria
In what year was the American business who headed the watch company headquartered in New York City and owned by the Citizen Watch Company born?
1919
Who founded the American country music band that recorded  "(Do You Love Me) Just Say Yes"?
Paulette Carlson
Sahil Vaid appeared in a movie franchise that began with which movie?
Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania
which  2003 romantic drama film did Louis Garrel starred in 
The Dreamers
Doctor Maya Lahan is a fictional character from the British espionage television series portrayed by a British actress best known for her portrayal of Amber Gates "Footballers' Wives" (2004–2006) and Sahira Shah in what? 
Holby City
Who was not only a writer of books, but also a journalist, Laura Ingalls Wilder or Adolfo Bioy Casares?
Adolfo Bioy Casares
By what name was the city, in which the company Prior Radiofabrikk was located, known from 1877 until 1925 ?
Kristiania
What occupation did the screenwriter of Marathon man and All the President's men have before screenwriting?
novelist
Who sang the 1967 song "Stop and Think it Over"?
Perry Como
When did Herny Surtees pass away?
19 July 2009
Which of the following defined the Voronoi diagram: Georgy Voronoy or Yuri Linnik?
Georgy Feodosevich Voronoy
Which of these is in the family Salicaceae, Calophyllum or Azara?
Azara
No More Room in Hell has characters that are references to the 1998 British-American crime comedy film directed by whom?
Joel and Ethan Coen
What research and development unit allegedly involved ex-soldier Yasuji Kaneko?
Unit 731
Which school  located in the Lincoln Center did  Ashan Pillain attended 
The Juilliard School
Sigh, is a Japanese extreme metal band from Tokyo, formed in which year, and are credited as being one of the first Japanese black metal bands, producing music in the early 1990s when the majority of black metal came from Scandinavia, a historical and cultural region in Northern Europe characterized by a common ethnocultural North Germanic heritage and mutually intelligible North Germanic languages?
1989
Who was the poem dedicated to individual genereally identified as the Fair Youth of Shakespeare's sonnets about?
Lucretia
Mort Crim anchored at what TV station owned by Tegna, Inc.?
WHAS-TV
What basketball team defeated coach Larry Eustachy's team in 2001 in an upset?
Hampton Pirates
What company produced the hit Science Fiction/Horror film starring Yaphet Kotto in 1979?
Brandywine Productions
What type of device is the iPod Classic, formerly known just as the iPod, marketed by Apple, and with an alternative 4G version known as the Apple iPod+HP?
portable media player
Who wrote comic opera, Gianni Schicchi, which features the soprano aria sung by Lauretta?
Giacomo Puccini
Where is the IOC and OBS located?
Lausanne, Switzerland
Emma Livry was a protegee of what ballet dancer of the Romantic Ballet era, who is credited as being the first ballerina to truly dance en pointe?
Marie Taglioni
Which magazine, Elle Girl or Bloomberg Businessweek, used the slogan "Dare to be different"?
Elle Girl
Which was a sports story, Hover Car Racer and The Pacifier?
Hover Car Racer
La Clochette,was a small spiritual magazine published monthly in French from 1901 to 1919 by a Catholic Church organization in Paris named "La Ligue de la Sainte-Messe", in December 1912, the magazine published the earliest known version of an anonymous prayer for peace, now widely but erroneously called what, which widely known Christian prayer for peace, often associated with the Italian Saint Francis of Assisi? 
Prayer of Saint Francis
Are Robert Fleischman and Karl Sanders both musicians?
yes
The missile explosion that occurred on September 19, 1980 was discussed in what Eric Schlosser book?
Command and Control
Who built the place where Buster Douglas vs Evander Holyfield took place?
Steve Wynn
Macy Gray covered a 1975 Aerosmith song, what artist covered this same song in 1986?
Run–D.M.C.
Storm Large and Nate Albert both share what role in the music industry?
songwriter
When was the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States born under whom Carrie Severino served as a law clerk?
June 23, 1948
Which wrestler wrestled in both The League of Nations and Global Force Wrestling?
Alberto Del Rio
Ashley, Cheshire is a village and civil parrish close to the border with Greater Manchester and just to the south of an airport which has flights to how many destinations?
199
Who has more scope of profession, Grover Jones or Jeff Tremaine? 
Jeffery James Tremaine
The video clip of the song the premiered in the pre-show of 2015 MTV Video Music Awards was released by which record label ?
Big Machine Records
The Mark of the Maker and Cocksucker Blues, are films of what genre?
documentary
Pseudotsuga, found in North America and Eastern Asia which has also been classified as 'Abies' and 'Tsuga' and Huernia which is found in Eastern and Southern Africa and closely related to 'Stapelia' and 'Hoodia' are both types of what?
genus
In what country was the man who originally proposed Le Sage's theory of gravitation in 1690 born?
Swiss-born
What clothing label is owned by Peter Bamford?
Superdry
Are Richard C. Sarafian and Ara Parseghian from the same country?
yes
What Filipino playright wrote a zarzuela about the archipelago that Ferdinand Magellan claimed for the king of Spain on Easter Sunday, 32 March, 1521?
Severino Reyes
Which former NASA astronaut born November 14, 1933 is depicted in Apollo 13, a 1995 American space adventure docudrama film?
Fred Haise
In what part of Pakistan is the company owned by Malik Riaz Hussain based?
Rawalpindi
Joe Lefors was responsible for the 1903 arrest of Thomas Horn for the murder of what man's son?
Kels Nickell
Which author created the Eternals, an offshoot of a race of aliens known as Uranians?
Jack Kirby
What building, at one time, housed the MLB Astros, NFL Oilers, NBA Rockets and hosted the UCLA Bruins men's basketball team when they won the Championship in 1971?
The Astrodome
The self-confessed "jobbing actor" who starred in the British musical comedy film Cuckoo Patrol, appeared in how many films?
more than 120 films
New York mobster, Peter LaTempa became a witness against what enforcer in the American Mafia?
Vito Genovese
Which magazine has won more awards, Weatherwise or Moment?
Moment
Who was the sidekick of Radioactive Man, from the television series featuring executive producers Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein?
Fallout Boy
When was the host of A. J. After Hours born?
June 2, 1962
What profession does Edmund Candler and Rudyard Kipling have in common?
journalist
Does Burton Cummings and Thomas Anders have the same nationality ?
no
The Battle of Vilnius was the first time a foreign power managed to capture a group of cultural, and historic structures on the left bank of what river?
the Neris River
Sugarloaf Point Light, also known as Seal Rocks Lighthouse, is an active lighthouse located on Sugarloaf Point, a point about 3 km southeast of Seal Rocks, a small coastal settlement in the Mid-Coast Council local government area, in the Mid North Coast/Hunter regions of New South Wales, in which country?
Australia
Which of the subjects  in David Mordecai photography was often referred to as Sherpa Tenzing?
Tenzing Norgay
Wh released an a remix album exclusively in Germany in 1998 and was a lead singer of ABBA?
Anni-Frid Lyngstad
What is the year of the event which occured first, Circus World was produced, or Rita Hayworth was born?
1918May
The Wingate business hotel chain is operated by which hotel and hospitality company?
Wyndham Worldwide
"Back in My Younger Days" is a song recorded by a country music artist who was inducted to the Country Music Hall of Fame in what year ?
2010
What lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces correctly identified a false alarm on 26 September 1983
Stanislav Yevgrafovich Petrov
What team did George Hebden play for that is based at the King Power Stadium in Leicester?
Leicester City Football Club
Martha Alma Wall was born in what Kansas county?
Marion County
The 2016 United Kingdom local elections were the last local elections for a British politician born in this year?
1966
When did the shopping center in Victoria where De Bono promoted her new album first open?
opened on 9 November 1977
Are both Kourtney Kardashian and Vanes Martirosyan boxers?
no
Marvin Cohen created a 1980 play that was first performed at the festival held at which Central Park theater?
Delacorte Theater
Raga Jaijaivanti also spelled as "Jaijaiwanti" is a rāga in Hindustani classical music in which one of the ten Thaats (parent scales) of Hindustani music?
Khamaj
J. Lee Thompson and Yves Allégret, have which mutual occupation?
film director
The Dodos and Doves, are a group that have which mutual genre as well?
rock band
At what age did the Mexican actress, singer and model appear on "Tu y Yo" with the 1978 winner of Miss Costa Rica?
17
Mond gas is a cheap coal gas that was used for industrial heating purposes, the gas was named after its founder, a German-born chemist and industrialist who took British nationality?
Ludwig Mond
Who plays the harmonica, John Popper or Beyoncé?
John Popper
Which film came out first Jungle Cat or Peter Pan ?
Peter Pan
Who has played in more musical projects, Christine McVie or Michael Kiske?
Michael Kiske
In which year did John Paul Harvey, a senior officer in the Australian Defence Force, retire following his post as Chief Capability Development Group?
2011
Who else was given the label in the quartet along with  Henry Drummond Wolff, John Gorst and a genuine Tory radical, who coined the term Tory Democracy ?
Arthur Balfour
Which author wrote political works, Katherine Neville or Ishmael Reed?
Ishmael Scott Reed
Who directed "2012," an American epic disaster film which stars British actor Chiwetel Umeadi Ejiofo?
Roland Emmerich
How many locations are there of this American department store chain, featured in the Richland Mall, which opened in 1969?
1095
What is the administrative centre of the island of Svalbard where Fridtjovbreen is located?
Longyearbyen
What is the birth year of the writer of the song "Hey, Man!"
1978
When was the supermarket founded by   Mary Ann Sainsbury's husband founded? 
1869
What was the name of the father of the Norwegian king at the center of the Saga of Harald Fairhair?
Halfdan the Black
Are Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology and Ashesi University in the same country?
no
When was the astronomer whose classification of close encounters with aliens was used to derive the title to "The Fourth Kind" born?
May 1, 1910
The author of the book Ticket to Ride spent 36 years as a news anchor in which city ?
Philadelphia
David Maloney and Richard Thorpe, are American?
no
Jonathan Mark Howson plays as a central midfielder for a football club formed in what year?
1876
Where is the headquarters of the video game publisher that is owned by the same company that owns the "Quake" series?
Rockville, Maryland
What Australian electronic musician is an alumnus of an Australian public university with campuses at Lismore and Coffs Harbour in northern New South Wales 
Ryan Gobbe
Who ended his chancellorship at the age of 72 that was also a part of the Kreisky-Peter-Wiesenthal affair in the 1970's?
Bruno Kreisky
Which movie that was a major winner during the 2016-2017 film award season was directed by Damien Chazelle?
La La Land
What is the nationality of the founder of a family-owned chain?
American
Which drink was distributed first, Solo or Aquafina?
Solo
Do Duncan Campbell and Jeff Mangum have the same nationality? 
no
Unfinished Revolution was released on the same day as the bombing that took place in what Northern Irish city?
Enniskillen
Jodelle Ferland had a role in which 2012 American Horror film directed by Drew Goddard? 
The Cabin in the Woods
Grand Canyon: A Different View includes an essay by which writer, who also serves as the Director of the Creation Research Center at Truett McConnell University?
Kurt Wise
Which filmmaker was born first, Brad Mays or Horace Ové?
Horace Ové
The class is named after the first ship in the class "Dmitriy Shostakovich", which in her turn was named after Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich, a Russian composer and pianist, regarded as one of the major composers of which century?
20th
Portland State University and Boston University, are they a research institution?
yes
Comedian Lily Tomlin recorded the 1972 album And That's the Truth live in front of an audience at The Ice House in which city?
Pasadena, California
Chicago Shakespeare Theater received permission to build its permanent home at a pier located on the shoreline of which Lake ?
Lake Michigan
Nebraska Central airlines is based out of the same state as what largest in United States rail system?
Union Pacific Railroad
Lawrence L. "Larry" Morey, was an American lyricist and screenwriter, and was also responsible for adapting Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" into the Disney film, "Bambi", released in which year?
1942
Trouble Maker is an album released by a duo consisting partly of which member of the Wonder Girls?
Hyuna
What was the political party of the president that Eugene V. Rostow served under?
Democrat
What former United States soldier did Hitomi Soga marry?
Charles Robert Jenkins
What role in operas does Hans Christian Anderson's co-star in The Swedish Nightingale sing?
soprano
Are New! and Peg's Paper both women's magazines?
no
Who attended the only high school operated by the Niskayuna Central School District?
Jared Spool
From which country hails the stoner rock band 1000mods, whose major influences include an American rock band from Michigan who were described as 'threatening' by "AllMusic" critic Stephen Erlewine?
Greece
What was the previous name of the newspaper that Poynter Institute owns?
St. Petersburg Times
Which alternative rock band, The Cinematics or Cloud Control has released more albums?
The Cinematics
The person who presented Mary Queen of Shops television series was appointed by who to lead a review into the future of Britain's high streets?
David Cameron
Shubhendra Shankar, also known as Shubho Shankar, was a graphic artist, musician and composer, he was the son and the eldest child of renowned musicians Ravi Shankar and Annapurna Devi, an Indian surbahar (bass sitar) player of which type of music?
Hindustani Classical Music
Which has more varieties of beverages, Schweppes or Duke and Sons?
Duke and Sons
What is Dean Martin's birth name?
Dino Paul Crocetti
What horror film directed by Breck Eisner did Radha Mitchell act in?
The Crazies
Which operation was conducted at a test site which began with a 1-kiloton-of-TNT (4.2 TJ) bomb dropped on Frenchman Flat on 27 January 1951?
Operation Teapot
What building located in Saint Paul, Minnesota is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the largest, most costly, and most elaborate movie palace in the Upper Midwest?
The Hamm Building
Which movie has more producers, Laura's Star or 9?
9
How many athletes competed in the event the Samsun Golf Course was made for?
3,148
What is the name of the stadium where Mark Mangino coached football prior to being on the coaching staff at Iowa State University?
Memorial Stadium
Which actor that appeared in Old Spice commercials was born on July 30, 1968
Terry Crews
Who did a star of This Is My Life play in Star Wars?
Princess Leia
The park in which Naval Medical Center San Diego is located consists of how many acres?
1200
What game was created by Klaus Teuber and published by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English, The Kids of Catan or Scattergories?
The Kids of Catan
Did Thomas Schlamme and Hobart Henley share the same nationality?
yes
In which medium published by Rodale Inc. was Clarence Bass mentioned in 2017?
Men's Health
Who directed the romantic comedy written by Habib Faisal?
Maneesh Sharma
Alain Dorval  is best known as the official dub-over artist of an American actor and filmmaker well known for his Hollywood action roles, including what title character of the "Rocky" series?
Rocky Balboa
David A. Goodman is an American writer and producer and a graduate of the University of Chicago, and is the writer for the film based on the Fred Figglehorn YouTube series, released in which year.?
2010
Rose Byrne starred in what 2010 black comedy film?
Get Him to the Greek
In the season where the Raptors recruit the shortest player to ever play in the NBA, what place did the team finish in the Central Division?
third
What film adaptation did a performer in a 1985 American epic romantic drama film also play in?
Nineteen Eighty-Four
Walter S. Mason Jr. is a hotelier on which highway also known as the Will Rogers Highway?
U.S. Route 66
Which filmmaker was of Danish descent, Mikael Salomon or George Dunning?
Mikael Salomon
The American Legion of Honor was a type of society that provides what? 
mutual aid
What was the name of the republic overthrown by the military dictator who ruled over Spain from 1939-1975?
the Second Spanish Republic
What is the birth date of  the Seattle, Washington writer who considers considers Esther Belin to be one of his favorite Native writers?
October 7, 1966
Where is the sports nutrition business established by Oliver Cookson based ?
Cheshire
The Golden Egg was adopted into a film directed by which director ?
George Sluizer
The 1833 french play The Moods of Marianne inspired what 1939 film featuring Nora Gregor and Paulette Dubost?
The Rules of the Game
What was the original product of the company which owned the Realistic brand?
leather goods
 Sir Frank Williams' racing team came in third in the 1999 British Grand Prix losing to?
David Coulthard
Are the Brut Cocktail and a Cojito both varieties of cocktail?
yes
What castle on the banks of the River Annan in Scotland is named after a common Great Britain surname?
Annan Castle
Which is a university founded by royal charter, Université Laval or Georgia Institute of Technology?
Université Laval
What technique involving the ability to avoid unnecessary muscular tension by retraining physical movement reactions was taught by Nelly Ben-Or?
Alexander Technique
Where was the ALF actress who appeared in Second Thoughts born?
Portland, Oregon
Were Arvid E. Gillstrom and Edgar Reitz both German filmmakers?
Arvid E. Gillstrom (13 August 1889 – 21 May 1935), was a Swedish film director
What former Marine Corp lieutenant general recently had a guided missle frigate in the United States Navy named after him?
Lewis Burwell "Chesty" Puller
When was the English professional footballer who scored a winning go for Manchester United in 2016 FA Community Shield born? 
15 December 1992
What role did the actress, who starred in the British miniseries Goodbye Cruel World, play in the BBC drama "Waking the Dead"?
Grace Foley
The company that now owns the original Dowty Rotal facility is headquartered in what city?
Paris
Rose Hill is a 1997 Western film starring an American actress who won a Golden Globe Award for her work on what series?
Alias
What NBA team drafted Wesley Cox and is based in Okland California?
Golden State Warriors
Do Michel Butor and Joanne Harris share the same nationality?
no
The 14th Golden Melody Awards was pushed back to August 2, 2003 from the original May date due to what viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by coronavirus?
SARS
What song by Eminem about disposing his wife's dead body was covered in 2001 by Tori Amos?
"Kim"
What saxophonist did bandeoneon player and "nuevo tango" pioneer Astor Piazzolla collaborate with on his album Summit?
Gerry Mulligan
"Perform This Way" is a song parody by American musician "Weird Al" Yankovic, a parody of what Lady Gaga song she described as her freedom song? 
Born This Way
Who conducts the draft in which Marc-Andre Fleury was drafted to the Vegas Golden Knights for the 2017-18 season?
National Hockey League
The bomb that Hubert Schiffer survived was dropped during what war?
World War II
Corvo Attano is the lead protagonist in a 2012 stealth action-adventure video game that was developed by Arkane Studios, and published by who?
Bethesda Softworks
 WJHG-DT2 is a CW-affiliated television station with studios on the coast of which gulf?
the Gulf of Mexico
What percentage of share of the chain supermarkets has in supermarket sector in the United Kingdom who's subsidiary is Argos?
16.9%
Are both Star and Reason magazines that are based in America? 
yes
 Enzo Amore and Big Cass was at one point managed by an American professional wrestler currently performing on what brand?
SmackDown
Are Helmut Käutner and Hou Hsiao-hsien from the same country?
no
Brothers is a 2009 American psychological war drama film and a remake of Susanne Bier's Danish film "Brødre", released in which year, and is directed by Jim Sheridan, an Irish playwright, screenwriter, film director, and film producer?
2004
During the 1934 Italian general election, which leader of the National Fascist Party was led to call the results a "second referendum"?
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini
Name the creator of Aftermath! who was inducted in the Origins Hall of Fame in 2003.
Robert N. Charrette
Over Wyre includes the town Cleveleys, which is on what coast?
Fylde Coast
Guillermo Coppola is a businessman who was the TV host of the program on what 24-hour cable news channel?
Canal 5 Noticias
Which Route 22 runs through a major city?
U.S. Route 22
The Northeast People's Anti-Japanese Volunteer Army was confined by what country?
the Japanese
The 2016 Icelandic anti-government protests were a series of protests against the Icelandic government following the release of which titled event, in which 11.5 million leaked documents that detail financial and attorney–client information for more than 214,488 offshore entities?
Panama Papers
What type of ride do by a family-owned waterpark resort and Legoland Discovery Center Kansas City have in common?
Verruckt waterslide
William Harper Jr. was a pioneer aviator and aviation engineer with which two American brothers, inventors, and aviation pioneers who are generally credited with inventing, building, and flying the world's first successful airplane?
Wright brothers
Who was born first, Marie Fredriksson or Juha-Pekka Leppäluoto?
Gun-Marie Fredriksson
In which year was the school founded, at which Jose Gumbs began playing football ?
1804
California Aqueduct and Ohio and Erie Canal, are located in which country?
U.S.
 The Last Resort was  released as the B-side of what single that peaked at no 11 on the billboard hot 100
Life in the Fast Lane
What is the nationality of the artist who had a song that was ahead of "Lightning" when it debuted on the UK Singles Chart?
Barbadian
The 19th-century transportation route that connected Idependence, Missouri and Santa Fe, New Mexico runs the same path as what east to west highway?
U.S. Route 56
Who is the director of the Dominican Republic and Haiti of a large American pizza restaurant chain founded in 1960?
Luis de Jesus Rodriguez Gutierrez
What match was the 1974 FIFA World Cup Final, where Johan Neeskens played?
final match
What organization hosted the event that had Dave Debol as a US representative in 1977, 1978 and 1981?
International Ice Hockey Federation
How many employees does Denise Coates's business have?
over 3,000
What British drama television series begins on the day where one of the biggest bombs detonated in Great Britain since War World II?
From There to Here
What former Governor of Oaklahoma is currently the president of the University of Oklahoma?
David L. Boren
Who was born first Vijayakrishnan or Subhash Ghai?
Subhash Ghai
Abbath was formed by the former guitarist of the black metal band from what Norwegian city?
Bergen
John Palmer Parker was the founder of this cattle ranch that is now run by who?
charitable trust
Were Siouxsie and the Banshees and The Owl Service both formed in the United States?
no
What province is north of the province in which Puerto Ibicuy is in?
Corrientes
Which airport El Paso International Airport or Martha's Vineyard Airport is located closer to the centre of the local settlements ?
Martha's Vineyard Airport
What first tier German football league team does Matthias Ostrzolek play for?
Hannover 96
Mahanoy Creek is a 51.6 mi tributary of the Susquehanna River, in Northumberland and Schuylkill counties, Pennsylvania, a major river located in the northeastern region of which country?
United States
The film My Sister Eileen stars Betty Garrett, Jack Lemmon, and an actress that won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in what film?
"Psycho"
The Historian is a drama film starring an American actor who earned his first Tonay nomination as lead actor in what 1966 musical?
On a Clear Day You Can See Forever
Who directed Jim Aton in a 1969 film?
Sydney Pollack
H & G Simonds Ltd was a brewery founded in Reading, Berkshire, England in 1785, eventually the firm became part of Scottish & Newcastle who sold the brands to Wells & Young's Brewery, in which year?
2007
In which park will you find Melbourne Cricket Ground which was the scene of the Grand Final for the 2010 AFL finals series which had to replayed after St Kilda and Collingwood drew the match?
Yarra Park
Who was the brother of Tostig Godwinson that overthrew Gruffydd, Rhiwallon, and Bleddyn?
King Harold Godwinson
Team2015 was an initiative set up by the Conservative Party politician who is the current MP for which constituency?
Welwyn Hatfield
Durring what war did an American restaurateur and the owner/operator of a landmark museum and restaurant in New York City, situated at 54 Pearl Street at the corner of Broad Street provide for prisoners held during the seven-year British occupation of New York City ?
Revolutionary War
Who did the 2015 coach of the New York Liberty play most of his NBA career for?
the Detroit Pistons
The single storey shed mill operated by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in the 1930s is located in which town in  Greater Manchester, England, on the River Douglas near Bolton and Warrington?
Wigan
When was the Jewish American mobster died based on who's prosecution Tight Spot movie story was made?
June 20, 1947
In between Sorry! and Aladdin's Dragons which is a reimplementation of his 1998 game "Keydom"?
Aladdin's Dragons
When was the American actor starred in The Chairman born? 
April 5, 1916
What recorder of I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus starred in The Two Little Bears?
Jimmy Boyd
 World Wide What? indludes a cameo from this American best known as the co-founder and former chief executive officer and chairman of America Online (AOL) who retired in what year
2003
Which mission was completed first, Cos-B or Uhuru?
Uhuru
Which short film was directed by John Sanford and Elaine Bogan for the How to Train Your Dragon franchise?
Dawn of the Dragon Racers
What American actor and comedian, best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple, had an original interview in the program,  Jack Lemmon - A Twist of Lemmon?
Walter Matthau
Who died first Richard Strauss or Pietro Mascagni?
Pietro Antonio Stefano Mascagni
Feinstein's/54 Below has hosted shows by which famous singer who stared in "Candide" (1956)?
Barbara Cook
Which writer was of German descent, Herbert Achternbusch or Pedro Sienna?
Herbert Achternbusch
Watford Rural is a civil parish in which local government based in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, in southern England?
Three Rivers District
Which Jeepers Creepers 2 producer is known as a central figure in the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking?
Francis Ford Coppola
Which of the Hindi films in which Vijay Prakash gave his voice was directed by Satish Kaushik?
Tere Naam
Does the population of the city of Shangzhi exceed that of Chengde?  
no
Michael Stich and Chanda Rubin, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
Who published the comics featuring the hero named Baron Mordo, created by Stan Lee?
Marvel Comics
Between Beware of Darkness and Volcano Suns which band was formed first?
Volcano Suns
Lawrencium was named in honor of the chemist of what nationality?
American
Which war was being fought when C.S. Lewis wrote the book whose chapter shares a title with the band Wild Sweet Orange's 2008 album?
the Second World War
What region are both Adenophora and Pterostyrax native to?
eastern Asia
What is the name of this area in northern Georga that comprises two United States National Forests with a combined total area of 866468 acres, and which surrounds the James H. Floyd State Park?
Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest
What was held at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois on June 23-24, 2017 and resulted in Sebastian Aho playing under contract as a prospect of the New York Islanders?
2017 NHL Entry Draft
Wade Watt's nephew was the college football quarterback for what team? 
Oklahoma Sooners
which spanish team founded in 23 August 1923 was relegated to Tercera División.
Celta de Vigo
Rampage had a musical score by which American composer?
Elmer Bernstein
"Drop It Like It's Hot" featuring Pharrell and "Sexual Eruption", also known by the censored version title "Sensual Seduction" are by what American rapper?
Snoop Dogg
Peter Callander was a songwriter who created content for which Welsh singer?
Sir Thomas John Woodward OBE
Who directed the sci-fi movie that actress Clea DuVall starred in 1998?
Robert Rodriguez
Which university was founded first, Vanderbilt University or Yale University?
Yale University
Her Minor Thing starred the singer-songwriter of what nationality?
American
The Akaka bill is named after an American educator and politician who was a senator from Hawaii from 1990 to 2013, and represented what party?
Democratic Party
Anarae Brown released an album in 2004 produced by himself and who else? 
Big Hollis and KG
What year did Sam Elliott star with Steve Buscemi in The Big Lebowski?
1998
Where was the founder of Famous Amos from?
Tallahassee, Florida
Suzanne Schiffman was a screenwriter and director for numerous motion pictures, Joelle, played by Nathalie Baye in Truffaut's 1973 French film, was based on her, title of this film?
Day for Night
Stephen Irwin Abrams authored fill page advertisements for cannabis law reform which appeared in a newspaper that adopted its current name on what date?
1 January 1788
Which band released an album first, Evanescence or Arcane Roots?
Evanescence
Are both Terceira Mastiff and Australian Cattle Dog Portuguese dog breads?
no
Who has reached a higher ranking in the WTA, Jo Durie or Svetlana Kuznetsova?
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova
Who did the fighter, who had vacated the British light heavyweight title that Dennis Powell won, defeat to become world middleweight champion ?
Sugar Ray Robinson.
Thomas Bernhard and Eric Ambler, have which mutual occupation?
novelist
How many islands does Hope Strachan's state consist of?
more than 700
The actor who voiced Shaggy in the "Scooby-Doo" franchise also appeared as a radio personality on what radio network?
Clear Channel Radio
How many Tony Awards does the man who wrote music for the 56th Disney animated feature film have?
three
Which is native to Europe, Parsley or Oncidium?
Parsley
Which beverage is sold by Britvic, R. White's Lemonade or Mirinda?
R. White's Lemonade
Who was the director of an American epic space opera film that starred an actor born March 5, 1989?
George Lucas
Southbridge Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 3B0) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) north of the central business district (CBD) of the Town of Southbridge, a city in Worcester County, Massachusetts, USA, the airport sustained damage on June 1st, 2011, from which event, when seven tornadoes appeared in Massachusetts' Connecticut River Valley and southern Maine, destroying large sections of Springfield, Massachusetts and its surrounding region, killing three people ?
2011 New England tornado outbreak
Is the Irish Terrier and Chihuahua both dogs?
dog breed
In what year was the Réserve Naturelle Lomako Yokokala established to protect various endangered chimps?
1991
How long did Soran Singh host a show on a Pashto and English language channel?
three and a half years
In which U.S. state do both Pietro's Pizza and Extreme Pizza operate?
Oregon
Who is the American actor, filmmaker, musician, and comedian that was in The Lonely Island sketch comedy troupe with fellow American actor, comedian, director, producer Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer, their childhood friend?
Andy Samberg
One of Marcia Gay Harden's notable acting roles was in "The Mist" in 2007, based on a story by which famous author?
Stephen King
Which European empire, divided into autonomous kingdoms and ruled by an emperor with little authority outside of his own kingdom, is the subject of the "Annales mosellani"?
The Carolingian Empire
Kleitomachos won the three downing events at which Panhellenic Games of Ancient Greece?
Isthmian Games
Which unincorporated community in the northeastern part of the town of Chesterfield in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States is situated at the outlet of a 732 acre water body?
Spofford
A Waste of Shame took its title from the first line of a Sonnet that published in what?
1609 Quarto
In between Sam Wanamaker and James Broughton who was an early bard of the Radical Faeries?
James Broughton
What musical, choreographed by Michael Bennett, shares its name with a hit single from the music group Naked Eyes?
Promises, Promises
are both Taicang and Wutongqiao District made of level city
yes
This 1996-1997 BBL season  shares the name of  what type of drink which is produced by Anheuser-Busch?
an American-style pale lager
Which video game company, headquartered in Kyoto, continues to produce Mario games for current generation consoles?
Nintendo
Kim Hyun-seok, is a South Korean film director and screenwriter, she wrote and directed C'est si bon, a South Korean musical drama film, released on February 5, 2015?
2015
Which two artists are also featured in the Jay-Z song in which Jeff Bhasker won a Grammy Award for producing?
Kanye West and Rihanna
Are Charlottesville–Albemarle Airport and Tri-Cities Airport located in the same state?
no
Kyle Balda worked on a film part of the "Desipicable Me" franchise produced by who?
Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures
Can Lachenalia and Saintpaulia be found on the same continent?
yes
Which show premiered first The Living Planet or Life After People?
The Living Planet
Jeju Air is a founding member of the air alliance formed in what month?
May 2016
Did the Valens Aqueduct ever transport water to the city where Kabataş Erkek Lisesi is?
yes
Which airline shares its main base at Kuwait International Airport with Kuwait Airways and Wataniya Airways?
Jazeera Airways
What was Bill Ford's football team nicknamed?
Tigers
Suzy starred the actress who was a sex symbol of what decade?
1930s
Pennsylvania Route 213 (PA 213) is a 6.95 mi state highway in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, it ends in Middletown Township, near the Oxford Valley Mall, a two-story shopping mall, managed and 65%-owned, by which company?
Simon Property Group
Which player competed for SFR Yugoslavia, Nikola Pilić or Ross Case?
Nikola "Niki" Pilić
Daelim is an example of the business type whose term was coined in what year?
1984
The Cukor film adaptation of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet on screen in 1936 stars this English stage and film actor, director and producer who appeared in "Gone with the Wind" (1939) for which role?
Ashley Wilkes
Who was the son of Baptist Ferdinand Messerschmitt and designed a German single-engine high-wing sports monoplane?
Willy Messerschmitt
What is the name of that British science fiction / musical fantasy film loosely based on "Romeo and Juliet" staring the North Irish Actor who played Charlie Fairhead?
Gonks Go Beat
The writer of Jokemaster Jr: For ages 3-12 was also the head writer for what show?
The Howard Stern Show
 Leigh Anne Tuohy is the legal guardian of an American football offensive tackle drafted by what team?
Baltimore Ravens
Baylor College of Medicine and Stanford University, are in which country?
US
Struan Rodger and Four Weddings and a Funeral are both what kind of actor and film?
British
What United States Senator representing Arkansas from January 1945 until his resignation in December 1974 founded the Fulbright Program?
James William Fulbright
How many seasons did the player traded for Shaquille O'Neill, in the 2007-08 season, play in the NBA ?
16 seasons
What German doctor was also friends with Schack Carl Rantzau?
Johann Friedrich Struensee
Dev Negi's latest song is from a film released on what date?
29 September 2017
The fantasy film "The Holy Mountain" was produced by a man that died in what year?
2009
What 4-time NBA MVP announced he was signing with Miami Heat in a live ESPN television special?
LeBron James
Pixie Geldof's mother died of what cause?
a heroin overdose
In between Chusquea and Bolax which one is endemic to temperate South America?
Bolax
What state was the author of "To Die For" born?
Alabama
The Lintong District included the sculptures that depicted the armies of which first Chinese emperor?
Qin Shi Huang
In which format did this type of music retail outlet, such as Bull Moose Music, sell music?
gramophone records
Who directed Rock-a-Doodle and An American Tail animated movies?
Don Bluth
Who founded the predominantly African-American Methodist denomination based in the United States, located at 32 West 123rd Street in Harlem?
Rev. Richard Allen
The municipality Barbara Borsinger was from had a population of what in 2010?
over 18,000
Which album was produced by a topless model as well as one of the most photographed British women of the 1980s?
Angel with an Attitude
Operation Plowshare occurred in what US state?
Nevada
Sha'Keela Saunders was a champion in the event that has been an Olympic event for women since what year?
1948
What year was the opening ceremony flag bearer for the Czech Republic at the 2010 Winter Olympics born?
1972
Ryūichi Hiroki and Yash Chopra, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Pandikona and Alpine Mastiff are both what?
dog
Which American rock band from Newark, New Jersey, active from 2001 to 2013 has James Dewees been involved in?
My Chemical Romance
Which band was formed in England, Vib Gyor or Evanescence?
Vib Gyor
Which province or subdivision has a higher population, Ordos City or Deyang?
Deyang
What McComb, Mississippi-born singer is the subject of the 169th episode of South Park?
Britney Spears
The Cardinal Knox Centre, is a modernist church associated building located on 383 Albert Street, East Melbourne, Victoria, it is situated next to colloquially known as St Patrick’s Cathedral, officially The Cathedral Church and Minor Basilica of Saint Patrick,  is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne in Victoria, which country?
Australia
What were the annual revenues of the computer company for which COBOL ReSource is a development and production environment for Unix?
$3 billion
Of which house is this monarch usually considered the last king during whose reign a single coin had the Horndon mint?
House of Wessex
Which writer of the BBC sitcom "Whites" , also played in the sitcom "Peep Show"?
Matt King
the sculpture by Wayne Chabre, installed on the exterior of Willamette Hall on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene is of a scientist born in which year ?
1879
David M. Viti, was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, he played college football at Boston University, a private research university located in Boston, in which U.S. state?
Massachusetts
Where are the studios of the station that broadcasts "The Dave Bussey Show"?
near Newport Arch
Bob Hayes  is the second Olympic gold medalist to be inducted to the Hall of Fame, after what  member of the Sac and Fox Nation
Jim Thorpe
 Stipe Miocic has tied the record for most successful title defenses held with Randy Couture, Tim Sylvia, Brock Lesnar an an american mixed martial artists who is ranked what in UFC's official heavyweight rankings?
3rd
What film grossed nearly $700 million worldwide and has a plot that follows an FBI agent and an Interpol detective who track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money?
Now You See Me
What type of media does and have in common?
film
Which casino owned and operated by MGM Resorts International is famed for its elegance?
Bellagio
What is the birthday of one of the cast in Go North who is a son of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
September 18, 1993
What season did the Rams finished the regular-season with a record of 13–3, and the NFC West Championship and had a offensive coordinator behind the St. Louis Rams high-powered offence of that season?
1999 St. Louis Rams season
what does Frank Fertitta III and Zuffa have in common?
American
What nationality was the director of the movie "And Then There Were None?"
French
The first season of "RuPaul's Drag Race", later referred to as "The Lost Season", and premiered in the US on which date, the winner of the first season won a lifetime supply of MAC Cosmetics, a cosmetics manufacturer founded in Toronto in 1984 by Frank Toskan and Frank Angelo?
February 2, 2009
Rob Jenkins reunited with The Spierig Brothers when he acted in what 2014 Australian science fiction thriller film?
Predestination
Santa Fe Railway Depot is along which railway chartered in February 1859?
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Who is Older Billie Joe Armstrong or  Daryl Palumbo ?
Billie Joe Armstrong
Mother Mother was the last song by a female solo artist to top the Billboard Modern Rock chart until the 2013 song by the singer from what country?
New Zealand
While Crepis is of the genus annual and perennial flowering plants, what genus is Talinum?
herbaceous succulent plants
When was the 750th anniversary of the city in which the 2003 Priority Telecom Open was held?
2009
"Breakthrough" is a song released on May 2, 2011 through Walt Disney Records, an American record label of what group?
Disney Music Group
Which metropolitan county is this football club for which Dominic McHale plays as a midfielder located?
Greater Manchester
The 2006 disaster drama film starring an American actor in "Revolutionary Road" and "99 Homes" is based on what?
September 11 attacks
From which city did the painter of The Badia Polyptych come ?
Florence
Who was born earlier, John Berger or John Banville?
John Peter Berger
Are Tom Smith and Peter Tägtgren in the same band?
no
Who was born first, Myles Goodwyn or Jesse James Dupree?
Myles Francis Goodwyn
When was the representative for New York's 10th Congressional District born? 
June 13, 1947
Who directed the 2015 film that starred the man whose Las Vegas cabaret show "Alan Cumming Sings Sappy Songs"?
Gary Rydstrom
In which republic was the painter with who Bernardino Zacchetti was said to have worked in the Sistine chapel born?
Republic of Florence
Stephen Parkinson is a special adviser to a prime minister who leads which party ?
the Conservative Party
Which  weekly magazine published by the United States military during World War II did , Yank takes its title from 
Yank, the Army Weekly
Marino is a suburb in the south of Adelaide, it neighbours Seacliff, Kingston Park, and which coastal suburb in the south of Adelaide, South Australia, with a population of more than 12,000 people?
Hallett Cove
Which Scottish satirist did Peter Bennett-Jones represent?
Armando Iannucci
What beaches are the home school of the Eckerd Tritons located near?
Eckerd College has a suburban 188 acre campus on Frenchman's Creek and Boca Ciega Bay, about 3 mi from Gulf of Mexico beaches.
Who was the writer of the film in which the twin gangster  performed who were the foremost perpetrators of organised crime in the East End of London during the 1950s and 1960s?
Philip Ridley
Are Angela Davis and Stefan Zweig both from Australia?
no
Who was born in the United States, Cyrinda Foxe or Samuel Der-Yeghiayan?
Cyrinda Foxe
John Hersey and Thornton Wilder had the skills to play basketball or write/novel?
writer
Who has a wider scope of profession, Saffron or Mr Lordi?
Mr Lordi
The Carnot wall takes its name from a man who died in what year?
1823
Which American actor, artist, and former American football player born in 1968 appeared in the film "Reach Me?"
Terry Crews
What optical device is the Dutch scientist, after whom the lunar crater Jansen is named, credited for? 
optical telescope
While Oswego Canal is located in the state of New York, in which state is the Lock No. 1, North New River Canal located?
Florida
Century eggs are made by preserving eggs in a mixture of clay, ash, salt and what kind of oxide?
Calcium oxide
What Christmas song reached number 1 in 1974 by the the English glam rock band Mud,?
Lonely This Christmas
Are both Montrose Regional Airport and Gulfport–Biloxi International Airport available to the public?
yes
Who was a Jewish American mobster that was known as one of the most "infamous and feared gangsters of his day" and was also an associate and childhood friend of Harry Schachter or Harry "Big Greenie" Greenberg and ended up murdering him along with Whitey Krakow?
Bugsy Siegel
What is the name of this forest on the northwestern flank of Japan's Mount Fuji near Fuji Five Lakes that is known to provide visitors with a sense of solitude?
Aokigahara Jukai Forest
Ercheia subsignata is a species of what of the Erebidae family, it is found in the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gabonese Republic, a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa?
moth
Dogspot sells products from brands such as one with undertakes research into the nutritonal requirements of what?
dogs and cats
The inaugural Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championship included which MMA fighter on the losing team?
Yumiko Hotta
 "ATLiens" is a song by a hip-hop group formed in which year ?
1991
Unser Mund sei voll Lachens is a church cantata by a composer born in what year?
1685
What frozen food products are sold by the subsidiaries of the National Dairy Development Board in India?
frozen vegetables
What courthouse was built in 1913 in a town established in 1876?
Rosebud County Courthouse
What was the catchphrase of the presenter of the first two episodes for the Eastern Cabaret?
Pin back your lugholes
What is the engine type of the plane in service in AirTran JetConnect?
twin-engine
Judas Kiss is a 1998 American crime thriller film that starred Alan Rickman, and which British actress and screenwriter, and is known for her portrayals of reticent women, often in period dramas and literary adaptations, and playing haughty or matronly characters with a sense of irony?
Emma Thompson
Alpnachstad railway station is the lower terminus of the mountain railway in what country?
Switzerland
The head coach of The Longhorns in the 1932–33 Texas Longhorns men's basketball season was born on what date?
February 12, 1904
Monk starred Tony Shalhoub, Traylor Howard, Jason Gray-Stanford and what American actor born in 1957
Ted Levine
Gunnar Andersson is considered as one of Olympique de Marseille's best strikers, along with a former French professional football player who was named European football of the year when?
1991
Desert Rock Airport is in a town north of what route? 
U.S. Route 95
Which disease outbreak of 2002/3 caused 774 reported deaths, the majority being in Hong Kong, as reported by Andrew Brown for CNN?
SARS
How did the surfer die, who was a member of the Kahanamoku Surf Team, and who was best known for surfing in areas such as one Hawaiian bay who's name means "reddish water"?
alcohol-related illness
In the 19th century, Rhea Springs was inundated when the completion of Watts Bar Dam by the Tennessee Valley Authority, a federally owned corporation in the United States created by congressional charter on May 18, 1933 to provide navigation, flood control, electricity generation, fertilizer manufacturing, and economic development to the Tennessee Valley, a region particularly affected by what historical event?
the Great Depression
Which artist-in-residence at the Walt Disney Concert Hall has also worked with Guy Sigsworth?
Eric Whitacre
Who directed the 2006 film in which Sam Jones III played Willie Worsley?
James Gartner
The Kingdom starred the American actress who had her debut in what 2000 comedy?
Dude, Where's My Car
Which non-Swedish actress also starred in The Light Between Oceans?
Rachel Weisz
Was the George W. Bush administration's foreign policy in the Arab world an example of totalitarianism? 
the spread of democracy in the Arab world, while highly difficult and involving a long struggle, is a fundamentally just cause, and he writes in support of the George W. Bush administration's foreign policies
Which film was from Britain, Scandalous John or The Watcher in the Woods?
The Watcher in the Woods
Cus D'Amato who developed Peek-a-Boo boxing trained boxers who eventually became members of which Hall of Fame?
International Boxing Hall of Fame
Snowball is a character in what film released in 1999 by Hallmark Films and was shown on TNT?
Animal Farm
Woman's Era and Alt for Damerne, are magazines for which genre?
women
What year did the film by Jenuse Mohamed starring a winner of 2 Filmfare Awards come out?
2015
In which century was this colonial province established where Anthony Colve served as Dutch naval captain and the Director-General?
17th-century
Which University has more campuses, Northwestern University or University of Colorado?
University of Colorado
Are Jeff Ragsdale and Gary Sherman both known for comedy?
no
What city and state did Superbowl XXXVI occur as well as the home of the Sugar Bowl?
New Orleans, Louisiana
Chronologie, a studio album, was inspired by a book which was first publoished in what year?
1988
Which English military leader was the father of  Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex
Algernon Percy
An India actress and costume designer starred in what version of Okkadu?
Hindi as "Tevar"
Both Sam Greco and Mike Bernardo were players of which sport?
kickboxer
Which game often occurs the weekend before the Red River Rivalry?
State Fair Classic
"Grey" is the fourth studio album by a singer born in which year ?
1966
When was the first documented appearance of the song Chuck Berry used as the melody in Promised Land?
1882
What is the nationality of the man who defeated an American Olympic champion later killed by John Eleuthere du Pant?
Russian-Chechen
Which British peer and politician born in 1734 was a great-grandson of the 1st Duke of Marlborough?
John Spencer, 1st Earl Spencer
Ivanhoé contains music from the opera that has a libretto by whom?
Giovanni Gherardini
 X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a 2009 superhero film co-starring an American actor who also starred in what trilogy of horror films?
Scream
Flash - Der Fotoreporter is a 1993 German television series, about a press photographer named Flash, it stars Oliver Tobias Freitag, known professionally as Oliver Tobias, is a Swiss-born film, stage, and television actor and director, based in which location?
UK-based
The winner of the 1998 Compaq Grand Slam Cup – Women's Singles was born in what year?
1980
Once Ian Crozier was infected with Ebola Virus Disease, what was his chance or survival?
about 50 percent
Who is the publisher of the American magazine who published a series of comical parodies by Marshall Brickman?
Condé Nast
What year was the song "Go Now" released by an early Moody Blues artist?
1964
Akira Kurosawa and Alan Alda, have which occupation in common?
screenwriter
"La Folie" is a 1981 song by The Stranglers, the song makes allusions to Japanese necrophiliac murderer and cannibal Issei Sagawa, also known as Pang, is a Japanese criminal who in which year, while in Paris, murdered and cannibalized a Dutch woman?
1981
Hillary Rodham Clinton served as a United States Senator from New York from 2001, to 2009, she won which United States Senate election in New York was held November 7, 2006?
United States Senate election in New York, 2006
A Christmas Carol and Otra Película de Huevos y un Pollo are what kind/ type of movies?
animated
Black Forest, South Australia is bounded by the railway line that is a commuter line in what city?
Adelaide
Which artists are responsible for the sculpture permanently installed northwest of Valentine, Texas and about 26 miles northwest of a city in the high desert of the Trans-Pecos, located between the Davis Mountains and Big Bend National Park?
Elmgreen and Dragset
Take All My Loves: 9 Shakespeare Sonnets is a studio album by Rufus Wainwright, features a guest appearance, by which Canadian-American folk-rock singer?
Martha Wainwright
Samuel de Champlain (born on or before August 13, 1574 – December 25, 1635), "The Father of New France", was a French navigator, cartographer, draftsman, soldier, explorer, geographer, ethnologist, diplomat, and chronicler, he founded New France and Quebec City on which date, when  arrived on the ship Don de Dieu, or "Gift of God"?
July 3, 1608
In which air combat did this aviator after whom Sioux Falls Regional Airport was named serve and receive the Medal of Honor for?
the Guadalcanal Campaign
Who did an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician from Helena, Montana run against in an election in Montana that took place on November 4, 1930 ?
Albert J. Galen
What is the birthdate of this American sports interviewer who works for ESPN and hosts Football Sunday on ESPN Radio?
August 12, 1972
Who was the author of a production in which John Fielder voiced the character Piglet?
A. A. Milne
Are both Robert Plant and Klaus Meine a musician?
yes
Durolevum was a Roman settlement in which country, the only surviving mention of it from antiquity appears in the Antonine Itinerary, where it forms part of the Roman equivalent of Watling Street, a route in England and Wales that began as an ancient trackway first used by the Britons, mainly between the areas of modern Canterbury and St Albans using a natural ford near Westminster?
Britain
Which supporting cast member of Jiminy Glick in Lalawood was best known for her work on "Saturday Night Live"?
Jan Hooks
Who was the English film director, Doug Langway or Ken Russell?
Henry Kenneth Alfred
Which is native to Western China, Petrocosmea or Onoclea?
Petrocosmea
Which university has the most campuses, Southern New Hampshire University or University of Detroit Mercy?
University of Detroit Mercy
What former leader of the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with the help of his father, demonstrated the Ashi-Hishigi in several medias?
Royler Gracie
What Nobel Prize winning British writer who was born in Trinidad, wrote "A Writer's People: Ways of Looking and Feeling"?
V. S. Naipaul
In which prominent Pixar Animation Studios film did James Albert Varney Jr. provide voice acting?
Toy Story
Which of the following musicians is known for his falsetto vocals: Thom Yorke or Saúl Hernández?
Thomas Edward Yorke
Inc. and Coronet are both what type of publication?
magazine
On what street that was once home to the Royal Geographical Society, could you one find the Burlington Fine Arts Club?
Savile Row
Songs of the Season is the second Christmas album by an American singer who, since 1985, has recorded 20 studio albums, and charted more than how many singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts?
50
Phil Thornalley is best known for co-writing the song recorded first by which Danish singer?
Lis Sørensen
What profession do Eric Ambler and Yevgeny Zamyatin have in common?
author
Which Himalayan peak has greater prominence, Sunanda Devi or Gyachung Kang?
Gyachung Kang
In what year did the sports film that starred Tessa Thompson as Bianca come out?
2015
"Unholy Confessions" is a song by Avenged Sevenfold, from their second album, Waking the Fallen, released on August 26, 2003, by who?
Hopeless Records
The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo, is a 1985 Argentine documentary film, about which association of Argentine mothers whose children "disappeared" during the state terrorism of the military dictatorship, between 1976 and 1983?
Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo
What Bayern Munich player is a team captain and scored during the final 2009-10 DFB-Pokal game?
Arjen Robben
What job do Tod Browning and Norman Tokar have in common?
director
Emma Rigby plays the role of Hannah Ashworth in which long-tunning soap opera?
Hollyoaks
Blanding is a small railroad junction in Illinois, located north of an army depot that was opened in what year?
1917
Which actor from the 1973 American film The World's Greatest Athlete also appeared in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "Roots"?
John Amos
Name a supersonic jet fighter that can be flown by civilians in the Slovak Republic, through the International Fighter Pilots Academy.
Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21
In what year did the writer of the music of the Firebrand of Florence become a United States citizen?
1943
Senjūrō Hayashi was a commander for the Chosen Army of Japan during the event that was a pretext for the invasion of what part of China?
Manchuria
Which of these is a genus of plants in the Primulaceae family, Lagerstroemia or Cyclamen?
Cyclamen
Who has more scope of profession, Eugene O'Neill or Arnab Jan Deka?
Arnab Jan Deka
Lynne Serpe was a Green Party candidate for what westernmost neighborhood in Queens?
Long Island City
Claudio Reyna was the inspiration for the film "Win!", what year was he born?
1973
Are both Helmut Käutner and Momina Duraid a filmmaker?
yes
Weirdmageddon 3: Take Back The Falls was the series finale of the television program produced by what company?
Disney Television Animation
Stephen Randall Thompson currently trains with his brother in law, a former UFC Middleweight Champion that was born in what year?
1984
Are Glen Benton and Thomas Erak both musicians?
yes
What state does 2009 Holiday Bowl and 2009 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team have in common?
Arizona
When was the lead Coquerel's sifaka voiced by Gord Robertson born?
April 10, 1994
Which writer is Puerto Rican-American, Frank O'Connor or William Carlos Williams?
William Carlos Williams
Playing House is an American comedy television series starring Lennon Parham and American actress and improvisational comedian from the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, it premiered on what day?
April 29, 2014
Who was the mother of Jacob Edward Kohen?
Dame Shirley Porter
Where is the headquarters of the parent company of DC Direct?
New York City
Roger Manvell wrote a biography on the politician who was appointed to what post in 1933?
Deputy Führer
What city handled 16.8 million tons of cargo,  Maoming or Jinzhou, Hebei?
Maoming
Name the director of the 2016 American biographical sports drama film, written by William Wheeler and which stars David Oyelowo, a Nigerian actor and producer?
Mira Nair
In what year was the son of Glenn Cook born?
1997
Anne Rice and Yehuda Amichai both influenced written culture and were both alive beginning in what year?
1941
Clayman has cover art based on the drawing by the painter and polymath of what nationality?
Italian
What Robert Wright musical features the character Marsinah, who was portrayed at one point by Doretta Morrow?
Kismet
When was the doctor died who was best known as Adolf Hitler's physician?
26 May 1948
Which Institute is closer to New York City, Rochester Institute of Technology or Florida Institute of Technology ?
Rochester Institute of Technology
Which is the county seat of the city where the American actress Terri Treas born?
Wyandotte County
What is 2015 South Korean slasher-thriller film directed by Hong Won-chan and starring Go Ah-sung and Park Sung-woong, that starred a a South Korean actress who began her career as a child actress?
Office
What British physicist is a Taylor scraping flow named after?
G. I. Taylor
Consider the film to which 2 Rats has been called Nollywood's version of. In what year was it released?
1990
The actress that played Maeby Funke on "Arrested Development" stars with Martin Henderson and Meat Loaf in a 2013 film directed by who?
Jane Weinstock
What was the name of the debut album of the singer of "Get Him Back"?
Tidal
When does the tune for the rhyme the film title of All the King's Men comes from first appear
1870
Ernest Weatherly Greene Jr. released the album Mister Mellow under what prefessional name?
Washed Out
In what year was the retailer whose Chief Executive Officer Darren Jackson became on January 7, 2008 founded?
1932
 Media Sport Investment was involved with the ownership of which Argentinian pro footballer?
Carlos Alberto Martínez Tevez
Wiremu "Bill" Whareaitu represented New Zealand in the commonwealth games held on which dates ?
from 4–11 August 1934
What English translator, poet, and dramatist is the principal contender for co-authorship with William Shakespeare of "Titus Andronicus?"
George Peele
Who founded this Australian psychedelic rock band that released the song "The Less I Know the Better?"
Kevin Parker
Which of these two Peruvian footballers is older, Diego Pizarro or Claudio Pizarro?
Claudio Pizarro
Were When We Were Kings and The American Ruling Class directed by the same person?
no
James Calhoun was the brother-in-law of a soldier who was brevetted to brigadier general at what age?
23
What was the first single from the Taylor Swift album that came after Red?
Shake It Off
The actor who plays Monica's brother Ross on Friends was born in what month?
November
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its twelfth series beginning from 7 September 2014 with a launch show, with the live shows starting on 26 and 27 September, Bruce Forsyth decided to leave the show after the eleventh series; however, Forsyth will continue to host the Christmas specials, titled Christmas Specials of "Strictly Come Dancing", and have been transmitted by BBC Television, each year since which year?
2004
Vasant Utsav has an apartment owned by which playback singer and actor?
Abhijeet Sawant
What is the name of this ancestral seat, located in Scottland, that was a part of the title in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia?
Castle Menzies
Manhattan Night is a 2016 American crime film, written and directed by Brian DeCubellis, the film stars Linda Lavin, an American singer and actress, known for playing the title character in which sitcom? 
Alice
Where does the playwright of "Complicit" teach playwrighting?
Dartmouth College
The Chimp is a short film from what comedy double act that was composed of an English thin man and an American fat man?
Laurel and Hardy
Which major sports footwear manufacturer sponsors the Fifth Avenue Mile?
New Balance
Where was the person who committed a murder on July 17, 1982 in Marshallville, Ohio employed?
Akron, Ohio Planning Department
Are Gawain and Cavalleria rusticana by the same composer?
no
Joseff of Hollywood created jewelry for Elizabeth Taylor, who was born in what year?
1932
The American Stock Car Racing Association was formed in a city that is the seat of which county ?
Mercer County
What profession do Carlos Ortiz and Wilfred Benitez share?
the best Puerto Rican boxers of all time
Which house in London was destroyed by the Luftwaffe in 1940?
Montagu House
Philip John Neville is the co-owner of a professional football club in the Kersal area of Salford, Greater Manchester, England, that plays in what tier of English football?
sixth tier
El Diablo is an episode of the drama series that was developed by whom?
Veena Sud
Who directed a drama film starring a man with a breakout role on Cheers?
Rob Reiner
The author of Hengist, King of Kent was born in what year?
1580
Bob Ojeda and Dwight Gooden played in the MLB together and played in the World Series for which team?
New York Mets
Phyllis Nagy received what Award Nomination for her screenplay based on the 1952 romance novel "The Price of Salt"?
Best Adapted Screenplay
As part of Spain's effort to colonize the region and convert the Timucua people to Christianity, what Spanish Franciscan mission was build in the Florida Panhandle?
San Miguel de Asile
Which was founded first, De La Salle University or Holy Cross of Davao College?
De La Salle University
Are Adenanthos and Honeysuckle both shrubs?
yes
In what city is the football team based that has a French member who plays defender and was born in 1991?
San Nicolás de los Garza
Which former reality TV personality is also a spokesman for a vanity publisher located in Uniondale, New York?
Donald Trump Jr.
What Russian composer contributed to the violin concerto?
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Schoolcraft Township, Kalamazoo County, Michigan is named after what American geographer, geologist, and ethnologist noted for his early studies of Native American cultures?
Henry Schoolcraft
Where did Kauṇḍinya, a Buddhist monk study?
in the eastern part of ancient India
What is the name of this American professional baseball third baseman, who attended the University of San Diego and whose walk up song was We Own It?
Kris Bryant
When was the album released that was produced primarily by the featured artist as well as several others, including the man who began his music career as Mudfoot in The Whooliganz?  
June 18, 2013
Which famous comic book movie universe features the voice of an Irish-American actor who previously did work on "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D"?
DC
Joint Innovation Lab is a venture that includes the state-owned telecom company that is listed on what two stock exchanges?
NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
When was the father of the 6th overall draft for the ClevelandCavaliers in the 2002 NBA draft born? 
February 20, 1963
How many members are there in the athletic conference that includes the Georgia Bulldogs football team?
fourteen
Pennsylvania Route 51 (PA 51) is a major state highway in Western Pennsylvania, Century III Mall is located on this road, an ailing enclosed shopping mall located in the southern Pittsburgh suburb of West Mifflin, in Pennsylvania, opened in what year?
1979
What city was Camino Palmero inspired by, and The Calling found in?
Los Angeles, California
Colin Hicks & The Cabin Boys were a British rock and roll band, led by Colin Hicks, the younger brother of which English entertainer, regarded as Britain's first teen idol and rock and roll star?
Tommy Steele
Warragamba Power Station is located at the dam that creates what lake?
Lake Burragorang
University of Washington and Stevens Institute of Technology, are located in which country?
United States
What year was the route that is a length of about 5320 km, and has the North Wales Expressway as a designated part to it ,extended?
2002
Which football agent represents the Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Italian national team?
Carmine "Mino" Raiola
What are the 2013 successors to the media conglomerate owned by the same person who owns the Moraga Estate?
News Corp and 21st Century Fox
Where was the actor that portrays Dr. Callie Torres born?
Mazatlán, Sinaloa
What band was formed in Massachusetts in 1995 and released the song "Something Different in September 2014?
Godsmack
What type of films are both 'Murderball' and 'Welcome to Nollywood'? 
documentary
The Shaky Beats Music Festival was inaugurated in 2016 and featured an American DJ, record producer and musician from where?
Chapel Hill, North Carolina
Ike Turner performed with this American soul singer and pianist, who went on to produce what million-selling single?
"The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss)"
The author of "The Sing-Song of Old Man Kangaroo" was born in what year?
1865
Where was the weapon used by Tori M. Nonaka manufactured?
Deutsch-Wagram, Austria.
Dharmatma included a title character based on a king of which Indian form of lottery?
Matka
What plan, designed by Daniel Burnham, called for new construction throughout Cleveland?
1903 Group Plan
Domenick Lombardozzi is an actor on the period drama created by whom?
Terence Winter
What is the newest game that uses the game system that Alshard uses?
"Full Metal Panic! RPG"
The confucian academy, Dosan Seowan, located in the East Asian country bordered by China to the northwest and Russia to the northeast, was founded by two prominant Confucian scholars, one being known as Yi Yulgok. What was the "pen" name of the other founding scholar?
Yi Hwang is often referred to by his pen name Toegye ("Retreating Creek").
Marc Zwiebler and Jan Ø. Jørgensen both are players for which sport?
Badminton
Bertha "Beatrice" Alexander Behrman, known as Madame Alexander, was an American dollmaker, among her notable creations were which doll of a fictional character and the main protagonist in Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel "Gone with the Wind" and in the later film of the same name?
Scarlett O'Hara
Who was born first, John Corabi or Jason Schwartzman?
John Corabi
Onry Ozzborn has collaborated with a hip hop artist born in 1981 in which state?
Minnesota
Which Italian composer was from the earliest time period, Giovanni Battista Pergolesi or Giacomo Puccini?
Giovanni Battista Pergolesi
What was fifth studio album of Kid Rock with Lonely Road of Faith as the second single?
Cocky
Who art name was a Chinese general and martial artist best known for countering the "wokou" pirates during the reign of the then known  Empire of the Great Ming?
Xujiang
To what does the name of the musical genre which Stan Kenton produces in refer to?
development and growth by accumulation
What Disney Channel show is Chynna Phillips' half-sister known for?
So Weird
Who created the television series in which Madison Wolfe made her television debut ?
Nic Pizzolatto
Who directed the 1963 horror film that starred the man who played Doc Holliday on the TV series "Maverick"?
Herbert L. Strock
Patricia Lamond Lawman, was born in Sydney in 1932, she has starred in which Australian program, Graham Cyril Kennedy, an Australian entertainer and variety performer, as well as a personality and star of radio, theatre, television and film?
"In Melbourne Tonight"
Which hospital, St. Elizabeths Hospital or Howard University Hospital, opened in 1855 as the first federally operated psychiatric hospital in the United States?
St. Elizabeths Hospital
In the 2001 Pixar Animation film, which Monster is the best friend to top scarer "James P. Sullivan", as voiced by Billy Crystal?
Mike Wazowski.
 Who Jorge Zorreguieta's daughter marry?
King Willem-Alexander
Which lake, Lake Mamry or Suraj Tal, is the second largest lake in Poland?
Mamry
Oskar Kokoschka used what style in his painting that features a female Viennese-born composer, author, editor and socialite?
oil on canvas
Who portrayed Barbara Zeisl Schoenberg in "Woman in Gold" and who's son lodged claims against the collective body that exercises executive powers in the Republic of Austria?
Frances Fisher
Does the Hokkaido or Segugio Italiano breed of dog come in both short haired and wire haired varieties?
Segugio Italiano
What has more species: Gesneria or Bosea?
Gesneria
What geographical landform is included in Hong Kong's Kowloon district, that plays host to the East Asian Games swimming events?
peninsula
In which part of the world would you find the Woman's Journal, a periodical founded as a weekly newspaper and Fucsia, the Colombian-based monthly magazine?
American
What is the population of the town that Feura Bush is along it's town line?
33,656
Charleston, SC 1966 is the third studio album of a recording artist that was born in what month?
May
What are people lacking when they have a condition called Alexithymia, which leads to unempathic and ineffective emotional responses?
Empathy
According to what national personification, would land's named or derived from "Erin" have a feminine personification?
Ireland
Otley is a 1969 British comedy thriller film, starring an English actor who received what in February 2001?
knighthood
What state is the football player Tony Toklomety from?
Benin
In what year was the sports club of whose Committee Will Fowles became the youngest ever member in 2005 founded?
1838
A Sirron Car costs 200 of a coin minted in Great Britain between which years?
1663 and 1814
 The Jungle Book is a Disney media franchise that commenced in 1967, with the theatrical release, the franchise includes The Jungle Book 2, released in which year, an animated film produced by DisneyToon Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution?
2003
Which genus contains more species, Solanum or Coelia?
Solanum
The song "Not About Angels" is a theme song for which film based on a novel by John Green?
The Fault in Our Stars
The Panhellenic Games and Hoplitodromos involve what type of sport?
foot race
Jeannie Berlin appeared in what eight-part crime drama in 2016?
The Night Of
Lockers Bay is located near a province of Canada that had what estimated population as of 2013?
526,702
Waylon Smithers appeared an episode of The Simpsons that originally aired on January 21, 1990, and that has Homer promoted to what position?
Nuclear Safety Inspector
Which actress was the mother of the man who provided text for the narrated portions of the comic ballet Punch and the Judy?
Dame Ellen Terry
Rica Fukami is a Japanese voice actress and singer from Saitama Prefecture who is affiliated with Vi-Vo, shad major roles, such as Fran, from which fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 home video console? 
Final Fantasy XII
Which film directed by Alice Winocour starred Matthias Schoenaerts?
Disorder
What 1963 drama film is based on the autobiographical novel "A Death in the Family" by author James Agee?
All the Way Home
Allarodu, a 1994 Telugu, comedy film, featured music composed by Vidyasagar, who made his debut as a film composer in what 1989 Tamil film?
Poomanam
Which band was formed first, Jack's Mannequin or Chvrches?
Jack's Mannequin
Which is a type of card game, CirKis or Twilight Struggle?
Twilight Struggle
Which is a type of vine, Bougainvillea or Mimetes?
Bougainvillea
Who is the author and Foreign Affairs columnist for the "New York Times" that wrote both Hot, Flat and Crowded and The World is Flat? Thomas L. Friedman 
Thomas L. Friedman
What city is nearest to the castle inherited by James Roberton?
Glasgow
Which Irish comedy hip-hop duo from Limerick city did Series two  introduced as reporters, bizarre weathermen and agony aunts
The Rubberbandits
Are "Bop" and "Self" both American magazines?
yes
The Baraza-Keruba Village Market Incident refers to an incident involving Rebecca Kerubo, who worked at what shopping and entertainment complex in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi?
The Village Market
Douglas Engelbart, presenter of the 'Mother of All demos' computer demonstration at the Association of Computing Machinery is best known for facilitating the development of which computer device in a precursor to graphical user interfaces?
computer mouse
Morris Michael Edelstein graduated from a university located in what county?
Saint Lawrence County
Who is the former Surgeon General namesake for the former hospital in Fort Devens?
Joseph Lovell
What year was the founder of the band "Wicked Wisdom" born?
1971
How many world series did Allen Gabriel McDill win with Kansas City Royals
participated in four World Series, winning in 1985 and 2015, and losing in 1980 and 2014.
What species of plant are Morning glory and Gunnera? 
flowering plants
Which official press agency of the People's Republic of China said April 2016 Myanmar earthquake lasted for one minutes
The Xinhua News Agency
Gedeon Burkhard appeared as Corporal Wilhelm Wicki in what film that was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino?
Inglourious Basterds
Are Game Informer and Ebony both magazines?
yes
What movie came out in 2002 that was based on a 1975 book of the same name that also featured a soundtrack by King Black Acid?
The Mothman Prophecies
Taehoon Oh is a lead artist and was one of the pioneer developers of a game that began on which console ?
Microsoft Windows
Have The Bluebells released more platinum-selling albums than Evermore?
no
Ike McFadden is best known for his video game work with an American actor who set a Guinness World Record as the most what?
watched man on TV
who styled the Citroën Ami 6, and also a car where Paul Magès developed the hydropneumatic self-leveling suspension?
Flaminio Bertoni
Do musicians Ace Frehley and Julian Cope have the same nationality?
no
What Amherst, Masschusetts band was John Agnello involved with?
Dinosaur Jr.
Where is the headquarters of this German multinational automotive corporation, which includes Mercedes-Benz buses?
Stuttgart
Nicknamed "Old Sleep," professional baseball player Louis "Lon" Ury hailed from which historic Bourbon County, Kansas city?
Fort Scott
Which  American actor appeared in a 2014 comedy film written and directed by Wes Anderson, from a story by Anderson and Hugo Guinness, inspired by the writings of Stefan Zweig?
F. Murray Abraham
Kim Wilson and Kevin Woo, are of which nationality?
American
The author of "Mathematicians in Love" edited what webzine until 2014?
"Flurb"
The actor nicknamed the "King of Cool" co-starred with Shirley MacLaine and Tony Franciosa ina film released in what year?
1959
Was the magazine "Marie Claire", or "Shape" published first?
Marie Claire
What is the population of the city that the newton county school system is based in?
its population was 13,347
What nationality is the man who drove the Formula One racing car designed by Sauber to compete in the 2016 Formula One season?
Swedish
Which novelist wrote more film scripts, James Dalton Trumbo or Philippa Gregory?
James Dalton Trumbo
How many number 1 hits did the actor have who starred in the film Doctor Dolittle with Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar and Richard Attenborough ?
two
What album was released first "Started with a Song" or "Red"?
Red
 Jessie Willcox Smith illustrated stories and articles for clients such as a and news magazine founded in what year?
1855
China General Aviation was acquired in 1997 by a company headquartered in which airport ?
Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport
Are Anatoly Karatsuba and Nicolai A. Vasiliev both Russian?
yes
In what year was the boxer who lost to Andrea DeShong in her fourth professional bout born?
1968
The documentry "Desire for Beauty" was released via which paid subscription service?
Amazon Prime
Have Guy Maddin and Mel Brooks both been directors?
yes
What is the name of the bassist, one of the founding members of the Seattle based American Rock band Soundgarden, who left the band in 1989 and started an independent rock band Truly together?
Hiro Yamamoto
North Berwick was set off from Berwick in 1831 after the other half of the town did so in 1814, which is home to what day school?
Berwick Academy
Did Erick Zonca or Roy William Neill direct a film that won Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival?
Érick Zonca
What poem did the poet from Joplin,MO Langston Hughes write?
"Let America Be America Again"
Do Crinodendron and Nuphar belong to the same family?
no
The song "A Famous Myth" was featured in a film that was based off of a novel written by which author?
James Leo Herlihy
What is the current stadium for the team Andy Rincon started his professional career with?
Busch Stadium
What is the name of the film written by an EastEnders star?
Weekender
Do both Un giorno di regno and Semiramide contain two acts?
yes
What is the name of the studio album by the Rolling stones released by Decca in 1967 and whose cover art was parodied by Rhino Records' series of humorous compilations known as Golden Throats?
Their Satanic Majesties Request
Which genus contains more species, Drimys or Antigonon?
Drimys
What type of publication are both $pread and Allure?
magazine
What is the original name of the company whose subsidiary is currently directed by Devraj Sanyal?
Indian Phonographic Industry
The comedian described by The British Theatre Guide as "one of the leading hidden masters of modern British comedy" appeared on which television show?
Fist of Fun
In what year was the rookie that tied with Iman Shumpet and Brandon Knight for the 2012 NBA All-Rookie Team born?
1991
Are both Idexx Laboratories and Harris Corporation defense contractors?
no
What is the area of this historic part of Macau, where Freguesia de Se is a southeast freguesia?
8.5 km²
Both the Greeneville Astros and Tusculum College were located in what city?
Tusculum, Tennessee
Does Erenhot or Hengshui have more inhabitants?
Hengshui
The Peter Principle featured Claire Skinner, Daniel Flynn, Stephen Moore and which English actor, comedian and director born on May 22, 1963 as the staff?
David Schneider
Which movie based on a television series was produced by the Bolex Brothers animation studio?
The Magic Roundabout
Which company is headquartered closer to the pacific ocean, Salesforce.com or Synchrony Financial?
salesforce.com
What American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy includes an American actress and comedian, with the longest television career of a female entertainer?
The Lorax
What is the original nationality of the namesake of Gödel logic?
Austrian
What instrument did Stephen Morris's wife play in one of his bands?
keyboards
Dianne Jackson is best known for an animation film based on a book by what author?
Raymond Briggs
What South Korea-based girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2009 was included in the debut EP of South Korean boy group Shinee music video?
f
In regards to the actor who starred in the 1994 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung and Jackie Chan, when was he/she born?
28 July 1934
The Perfect Score starred the actress who made her debut in what 1994 fantasy comedy?
North
 Cat Run 2 is a 2014 direct-to-video American comedy action film starring an American professional what?
poker player
What president appointed the US ambassador to the United Nations that republished a list of senior Taliban leaders that included Taliban Provincial Governors?
George W. Bush
The Little Glass Slipper has an operetta by who based on it?
Pauline Viardot
Willie Charles Young played college football at a univeristy founded in what year?
1871
Which state is home to the road in northeastern Clark County which serves the oldest state park?
Nevada
Rachel Parker Plummer was the cousin of a dominant figure in the Red River War who clashed repeatedly with what Colonel? 
Ranald S. Mackenzie
What year did the school which John Andrew Rice founded close?
1957
The singer of "Nothing in Common" has released how manu albums?
three
The highest point of the Arno Trail is atop the Sonnblick near Bad Gastein which is situated in a high valley of what mountain range?
Hohe Tauern
Which South Korean actress born in 1999 acted in Because I Love You?
Kim Yoo-jung
What is the literal translation of the name of the band that made the album Planetario?
Little green dwarfs
The costar of Salman Khan and Preity Zinta in "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke" won how many Filmfare Awards?
seven
Longland was the childhood home of which anthropologist?
Margaret Mead
James A. Michener and Jonathan Franzen are both what nationality? 
American
which Indian state-owned International banking and financial services company has  Central Bank of India has a  joint venture with
Bank of Baroda
Which plant species is used in 30000 B.C., Phormium or Bolbitis?
Phormium
Which movie was Chinese out of Monsters vs. Aliens and Storm Rider Clash of the Evils?
Storm Rider Clash of the Evils
Olivia Luccardi plays the role of Chloe in a 2014 film written by who?
Marc Lawrence
What grocery store owner and politician had legendary battles with George Roby Dempster?
Cas Walker
Who conducted the election in which Steve Kamper was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Rockdale for the Australian Labor Party?
New South Wales Electoral Commission
Robert B. Radnitz was the producer of the 1974 film adaptation of the novel by whom?
Bill and Vera Cleaver
What was All in the family that starred D'Urville Martin?
American sitcom TV-series
On what date did the breakout that Hajime Toyoshima helped instigate occur?
5 August 1944
Where are the duo who released the single "Sing It Back" from ?
Sheffield
Where is the luxury hotel and casino where Caesars Palace is located between located 
Paradise, Nevada
Marina and the Diamonds and Moist, are Welsh?
Welsh
Which has a higher elevation, Narrow Neck Plateau or Mount Werong?
Mount Werong
Which American television actor appeared in the CW noir drama "Veronica Mars" and "Graduation" directed by Mike Mayer?
Chris Lowell
 "Tell Me Where to Park" is a song co-written and recorded by an American country music artist signed to which label ?
Atlantic Records Nashville
Tara Ochs has a film credit for which 2010 romantic comedy-drama film by Greg Berlanti?
Life as We Know It
For whom did Baker & Myers compose a song for who also starred in the PBS music program "Austin County Limits"?
John Michael Montgomery
Are Peruvian Hairless Dog and Blue Picardy Spaniel both dogs?
yes
Louie Freear performed in A Midsummer Night's Dream as a character that is based on an ancient figure from English mythology, that was alternatively known as who?
Robin Goodfellow
The song Heaven Beside You can be found on a 1995 album by Alice in Chains that was a follow up to which highly successful album?
Dirt
So You Think You Can Dance Canada led to the runner-up winning what type of supermini car?
Mazda Demio
Doktor Faust and Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny are both what?
opera
Colt McCoy and Case McCoy both played what American sport?
Football
In investing, value premium refers to the greater risk-adjusted return of value stocks over growth stocks, other experts, such as John Clifton "Jack" Bogle, have argued that no value premium exists, claiming that Fama and French's research is period dependent, Bogle is an investor, business magnate, and philanthropist, of which nationality?
American
Postal is a 2007 action comedy film co-written and directed by who, the film stars includes Dave Foley?
Uwe Boll
What criminal associate of Alphonse Gangitano was also a member of the Moran family?
Jason Moran
Are both Emilia and Saxifraga types of plants?
yes
Jared Harris has had a significant supporting role in which 2016 thriller film directed by Robert Zemeckis?
Allied
O'Farrell Community School was mentioned in a book called?
It Takes a Village
Curtis Allina added heads to the design while he was executive of a company of what nationality?
Austrian
Are Pterocephalus and Agapanthus both genus of plants ?
yes
In what year was this American entrepeneur born, who owned a company, where Pres Romanillos had a long and successful career?
1901December
Are Ulf Merbold and Michael Foale both astronauts?
yes
Which Amercian Patriot and possible member of the Culper Spy Ring does Anna Strong portray on an AMC series?
Anna Smith Strong
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Bucks' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association, Ray Allen and who, were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game?
Glenn Robinson
Which state did this male American academic and politician serve as a senator under whom Natalie Ravitz was a prominent staffer?
Minnesota
Peter Berg's directorial works include which black comedy starring Cameron Diaz?
Very Bad Things
Night of Champions in 2009 was held at what multi-purpose indoor arena in Philadelphia?
Wells Fargo Center
Mastering engineer Dave Cooley worked with which artist whose albums were successful in South Africa?
Sixto Rodriguez
who would you be more likely to see in a show, Ian Bremmer or Lucine Amara
Lucine Amara
George Dunning and Patrick Rea, both are American?
no
In what country did the commercial television broadcaster which airs Monday Monday become the first indigenous broadcaster? 
Northern Ireland
Which singer is younger, Teru or Markus Feehily?
Markus Michael Patrick Feehily
"This is England" is a song by a punk rock band that was formed in what year?
1976
Which Stephen Sondheim-penned musical was inspired by "Romeo and Juliet"?
West Side Story
 Nigaar Khan is the older sister of a model and actress that starred in what 2011 action thriller film?
"Game"
What actor whose filmography includes a baseball film set in Durham, Carolina has an ownership interest in the Lake County Fielders?
Kevin Costner
What host of the 23rd People's Choice awards was born in 1949?
Don Johnson
Dino Buzzati and André Gide, have a mutual industry area, what is it?
Literature
Samir Sahiti is an Albanian professional footballer, who plays for which Albanian football club based in Ballsh, Mallakastër District, in the Albanian Superliga?
KF Bylis Ballsh
Mayrín Villanueva is a Mexican actress and model from what state capital of the State of Mexico?
Toluca
How many shops are in the underground shopping centre under the towers of the complex connected by tunnel to another complex in Downtown Montreal through the Atwater metro station?  
thirty-five
Archie Manning played football at a univeristy located in what city?
Oxford
arwinism, Design and Public Education was written by an advocate of what pseudoscientific principle?
intelligent design
Who was part of a band, Carina Round or Mazzy Star?
Mazzy Star
The organization that was trying to make Ireland socialist lost members who disagreed with them to form what movement?
Republican Sinn Féin
The soundtrack with the song "How Far I'll Go" on it was released on what date?
November 19, 2016
How long is the bridge that is commemorated during the annual Bridge Day festival in Fayette County, West Virginia?
3030 ft
The Equal Access to COBRA Act was introduced on March 10, 2011 by the American former congressman who represented what district?
New York 's 9 congressional district
Who lost against U.S. Senator Pat Roberts in his re-election to a third term?
James Charles Slattery
When was one of the writers of Ripping Yarns born?
5 May 1943
When was the battle started in which Mo-nah-se-tah's father was killed?
November 27, 1868
Which trains serve this one of the two stations of St Albans (the other being St Albans Abbey railway)?
Thameslink trains
What types of organisms are both Nuphar or water-lilly and Polianthes or tuberose?
plants
The UFC president who called Anderson Silva "the greatest mixed martial artist of all time" was born in this year?
1969
Do Adam Darski and Gordon Gano sing in the same band?
no
What french airline, located in Reunion, France was a founding member of The Vanilla Alliance?
Air Austral
Who is the founder of a Japanese clothing brand and also co-founded Billionaire Boys Club with Pharrell Williams?
Nigo in Ura-Harajuku
What nationality was the designer of the typeface Egyptienne ?
Swiss
Which character was Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin portraying in the eighth installment of the "X-Men" film series?
Vanessa
Which artist is a rapper, Travie McCoy or Jeremy McKinnon?
Travis Lazarus "Travie" McCoy
Vincent Clarkson is a fictional character from the soap Opera Passions, that aired on what American direct broadcast satellite service provider that is a subsidiary of AT&T?
DirecTV
Who plays Henry James "Hank" Moody in the Showtime television series "Californication"?
David Duchovny
Which style of opera that predominated Europe from the 1710s to 1770 was one of the genres Giuseppe Scarlatti composed in?
Opera seria
In which county does the town located in which Miner Memorial Library is located?
Sullivan County
Are Shout Out Louds and Sick Puppies from the same country?
no
In 2011 what was the population of the parish which Cholomondeley Castle is located?
157
What company founded by Sam Walton in 1962 and incorporated on October 31, 1969. [7] s of 31, 2017 , announced plans in 2007 to replace the former Lockport Mall? 
Walmart
On 30 November 2004, Jakubko made his international debut for Slovakia in the 1–0 victory over Hungary at the 2004 King's Cup, Jakubko played 6 minutes at the 2010 FIFA World Cup against the Netherlands and earned a penalty kick, which was successfully taken by which Slovak football player who currently plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava?
Róbert Vittek
Palladio was a composition for a string orchestra it was the work in three movements called concerto grosso or also called what?
Motif
Both KatieJane Garside and Aaron Hall share what occupation?
singer and songwriter
What is the name of the American evangelical theologian, ethicist, and preacher that heads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission?
Russell D. Moore
The Battle of Cuautla was a battle between the forces of he federal army of the Mexican government, and which  leading figure in the Mexican Revolution, the main leader of the peasant revolution in the state of Morelos?
Emiliano Zapata
What was the licensed-built version of the American Northrop F-5 Freedom Fighter that the military aviation branch of the Netherlands Armed Forces used?
the NF-5
Chuck Versus the Cougars, is the fourth episode of the second season of "Chuck", Heather's nerdy husband Mark Ratner, is played by which American actor, born on September 13, 1980?
Bennett Joseph Savage
Which of the following skyscrapers is 850 ft high, 500 ft shorter than the Empire State Building: 55 Water Street or 30 Rockefeller Plaza?
30 Rockefeller Plaza
In what year did the Third Reich's best defensive tactical commander plan Operation Herbstnebel?
1944
About Last Night  is a 1986 American romantic comedy-drama film whose screenplay was by an American actor best known as a cast member on what?
Saturday Night Live
What is the nationality of the television producer who created the animated parody talk show Space Ghost Coast to Coast?
American
Ginzō Matsuo was a voice actor for what anime set in Kasukabe?
Crayon Shin-chan
What is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae, Emilia or Eritrichium ?
Eritrichium
Who directs the 2006 Bollywood thriller film that stars an Indian supermodel, actor, film producer and fitness promoter?
Sanjay Khanna
Were Arthur Wellin and Shaun Scott both film directors?
yes
The actor that played Nathan Maloney in "Queer as Folk" also stars with Mia Wasikowska in a 2015 film directed by who?
Guillermo del Toro
The hill that lies in a historic temple town recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, listed as the "Group of Monuments at Hampi" is believed to be the birthplace of who?
Lord Hanuman
What is the state in which Herschend Family Entertainment services a theme park owned by Dolly Parton?
Tennessee
Aside from the roller coaster built by Stakotra in 2005, where is the only other strata coaster in existence located?
Sandusky, Ohio
Are Bill Condon and Todd Haynes both American?
yes
What company did the person, that sits on the board of an audio recognition and cognition company, found?
Global Catalyst Partners
Who was older Mike Clancy or Freddie Blassie?
Freddie Blassie
Where was the plane flown by Kampfgeschwader 55, exclusively untill 1943, designed?
Heinkel Flugzeugwerke
Cornelius "Con" Strouthers was a baseball manager of the Augusta Tourists of the South Atlantic League that invited what player, who in 1999 was voted by editors at the "Sporting News" as the 3rd on their list of "Baseball's 100 Greatest Players"?
Ty Cobb
The mall in which "One Night in Vegas" was released in the Silverbird Theater was commissioned in what year?
2008
Edward Manukyan and Andrea Martin both have done work in what country?
United States
Has Jez Williams performed in more bands than Lars Frederiksen?
no
Aaj Shahzeb Khanzada Kay Sath is a current affairs show on which private Pakistani news channel?
Geo News
Which tv channel aired the episode "Cancelled" as part of the show "South Park"?
Comedy Central
The Squire Ignatius Haskell House is located in what county?
Hancock County
What are both IQ 151 and Digi-Comp I?
computer
Nikolai Kulikovsky was the second husband of which youngest daughter of Alexander III?
Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia
Stephen Trigg fought in a battle on a hill next to the Licking River called what?
Battle of Blue Licks
2009 Malayalam drama thriller comedy film, Angel John, resembles a film in which Jim Carey starred as what title character?
Bruce Nolan
Which of the chef crowned the  "Top Chef Master"  is widely known for his PBS series?
Rick Bayless
 Live at Winterland '68 is an album by an American rock singer who died of a neroin overdoase at what age?
27
The Way to Dusty Death is taken from what quote from Macbeth?
Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow
What is the birthdate of this Australian politician, former industrial lawyer and former Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens, who represents the Division of Melbourne, since 2010?
11 March 1972
Writer's Digest and InStyle are both what?
magazine
The musician also known as "Braddah Iz"  is a member of what Hawaiian musical group?
Mākaha Sons
Both Pachysandra the evergreen perennials and Polygonum also known as knotweed are what types of these plants?
flowering plant
What is the middle name of LL Cool J's co-host during the one-hour TV special to announce nominations for the 55th Annual Grammy Awards?
Alison
Laura Otis is a professor at a university in which metropolitan area?
Atlanta
What is the population of the city where one can find Rundfunkplatz?
1.5 million
Ngoako Ramatlhodi, a senior member of which organization, and was South Africa's Minister of Public Service and Administration from 2015 to March 2017, and in Jacob Zuma's administration, a South African politician?
African National Congress
Miss Piggy was a puppet done by whom in their early Muppet career?
Frank Oz
On what station did the soap opera featuring Christian Bowman set in Oahu, Hawaii air in 2004-5?
Fox
The Jordan Brand Classic included a senior class alum who entered the 2003 NBA draft where he was selected with the third overall pick by who?
Denver Nuggets
Benjamin Alman, MD, FRCSC, was the head of the division of Orthopedic surgery at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Ontario, senior scientist in developmental and stem cells scientific study of undifferentiated biological cells, that can differentiate into specialized cells and can divide (through which scientific process) to produce more duplicates?
mitosis
What Dutch football manager was previously a key player for FC Bayern Munich in 2004-05 to win the German double for their second time in three seasons?
Roy Makaay
What is the nickname of the presenter of the 1980 Australian Film Institute Awards?
Gra Gra
The 2000 film where Seth Elijah Adkins played Pinocchio featured original songs written by whom?
Stephen Schwartz
what does L'incoronazione di Poppea and Fra Diavolo have in common?
opera
Who wrote a book-length critique about how the media in the U.S. systematically emphasizes one particular point of view ?
S. E. Cupp
Who controls the national team besides the Argentina one who Julio Libonatti played for?
Italian Football Federation
What was the second novel of the author, who was held in the same esteem as the man who won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for "All the King's Men?"
Spoonhandle
Sam Mercer worked with director M. Night Shyamalan in which project that stars Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson?
Unbreakable
which American multinational computer software XT9 now part of
Nuance Communications
What 2009 American 3D computer animated motion- capture fantasy film has a soundtrack of the same name?
A Christmas Carol
Bronisława Dłuska's younger sister was the first woman to win which prize?
Nobel Prize
One of Francis Bacon's influences was which ancient Greek tragedian?
Sophocles
In what year did the population peak in Tunica, Mississippi?
1970
Royal College Street is home to a veterinary school that joined the Univeristy of London in what year?
1949
Cher was also known as what?
Goddess of Pop
What language did the author of the Moomin series speak even though she was Finnish?
Swedish-speaking
According tot he 2010 census, what is the population of the town in which the Andrew Welch Homestead is located?
1,898
In what countries was the FIFA World Cup held during which Bruno Metsu coached Senegal into the quarter-finals?
South Korea and Japan
What was the averge weekly ridership in 2014 of the commute rail system that includes the Port Washington Branch rail line?
337,800
What type of media does Godspell and David Haskell have in common?
film
Who did singer Steve Lawrence work with who also received a Grammy and an Emmy?
Eydie Gormé
The arena at which The Adelaide Adrenaline play their home games was opened on what date?
17 September 1981
Victor Drai produced which 1989 American comedy film written by Robert Klane?
Weekend at Bernie's
What nationality is the  subcompact crossover SUV around half a metre longer than a Citroën Lacoste?
Japanese
What was the nationality of the composer who wrote Treatise on Insrumentation?
French
Peter Venkman is a parapsychologist in a movie series based in what city?
New York City
What is the nationality of the librettist of A Bayou Legend?
American
When was the Swiss professional footballer signed before 2012–13 FC Bayern Munich season born? 
10 October 1991
Kyle Massey was a celebrity cast member of a dancing show and best known for what character on the Disney Channel?
Cory Baxter
Which person has a country of origin in Persia, Al-Khazini or Mohamed Hassanein Heikal?
Abu al-Fath Khāzini
Which magazine was the first published, Family Circle or and VIBE Vixen?
Family Circle
Which director grew up in New Jersey, Lars von Trier or James L. Brooks?
James Lawrence Brooks
Mount Torrens is located in a local government area that extends from where to where ?
from the South Para Reservoir in the north to the Mount Bold Reservoir in the south
Which American actress, model, voice actress, and singer appeared on "General Hospital" and in the film Merlin: The Return?
Tia Carrere
What colony along the lower reaches of the Delaware River in North America from 1638 to 1655, featured the fortification and settlement of Fort Nya Elfsborg?
New Sweden
Chicago Pile-5 was the last in the line of research reactor that began with the first, which was constructed as part of what project?
Manhattan Project
What is the second project of the vocalist of the band The Distillers?
Spinnerette
The 5th District in the New York State Assembly includes towns from which county?
Suffolk County
What school founded in 1905 and which closed in 2002 following a period of being in special measures is located in a town that was a former civil parish?
Norton School
What is the full name for the team that won the 1990/1991 Eredivisie football championship?
Philips Sport Vereniging
What Italian political party banned the film We the Living?
National Fascist Party
Are the bands Distortion Mirrors and Black Grape from the same country?
yes
What actor, born in Lucknow, starred in the 2013 Hindi film Fukrey?
Ali Fazal
What nationality is the actor of the comedy film about a man's multiple failed suicide attempts?
South Korean
What sport was the Tarzan actor, who acted opposite of Linda Christian in the "Tarzan and the Mermaids" film, known for holding records in?
swimming
Stacy Martin starred as Joe in a film that was co-produced by which countries ?
Denmark, Belgium, France, and Germany
The largest and heaviest combat aircraft belongs to what nation?
Russia
What does the Grain company manufacture using Northern White Cedar and Western Red Cedar wood?
surfboards
Which writer of Wish Upon was born in 1997?
Sydney Park
Did Don Cheadle appear in Iron Man 2 or Hamburger Hill first?
Hamburger Hill
Where is the production company of Brian J. Smith's series Sense8 located?
Scotts Valley, California
Who has appeared on Reality Television more times, Dan Haseltine or Kang Seung-yoon?
Kang Seung-yoon
Simon Boccanegra and L'elisir d'amore, are operas?
yes
Are the Chirita plant and the Ferocactus cacti both found in Mexico?
no
Ulex and Vernonia are both what?
plants
Which series did Kim Ji-won star in first, Gap-dong or The Heirs?
The Heirs
Who is the actor in the upcoming musical with book by Tina Fey?
Benjamin Tyler Cook
In what year was the economist under whom Hans F. Sennholz studied born?
1881
What was imposed at the Paris Peace Conference that resulted in the formation of the United States Mail Steamship Company?
World War I reparations
What late night talk show did the creator and star of the mini-series Neon Joe, Werewolf Hunter write for?
"Late Night with Conan O'Brien"
Which shopping mall is owned by GGP and located in the second largest shopping district in Massachusetts?
Natick Mall
Jennifer Marie Morrison (born April 12, 1979) is an American actress, producer, director, and former child model, known for her roles as Emma Swan in the ABC adventure-fantasy series "Once Upon a Time" (2011–2017), The daughter of Snow White and Prince Charming, an ex-bail bonds collector, and who's biological mother?
Henry Mills
During the 2012 senate election in Hawaii, the incumbent democratic senator was the first United States senator with which kind of ancestry?
Native Hawaiian
Fahad Mustafa is a film and television actor that hosted a tv show, launching on May 18th of what year?
2014
When was the Rihanna's single co-written by Takura Tendayi realeased? 
November 13, 2009
Sanguinaria and Stachyurus, are a genus of which type?
flowering plant
What television series created by Mick Jagger stars an actor known for his leading role as Bobby Caffey in the first two seasons of "Third Watch"?
Vinyl
Along with Tom Jones, and Spiderbait, which American rock is known for their hit " Black Betty"? 
Ram Jam
Where was the band that put out the album War All the Time formed?
New Brunswick, New Jersey
which Italian actress featured in  Hardbodies 2
Fabiana Udenio
Who adapted the movie version of the book sequel to the 1981 novel "Red Dragon"?
Ted Tally
When does the local government area established who's part is Wamberal, New South Wales?
12 May 2016
The 12 year veteran that retired from the Los Angeles Lakes at the end of the 1993-94 season now serves in what position for the team?
assistant coach
Shadow Dawn is the second book on the continuation of the events from the motion picture directed by whom?
Ron Howard
Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated by a man from what country?
Bosnian Serb
The composer of The String Quartet No. 3 in E-flat minor was awarded a lifetime pension by what emperor?
Emperor Alexander III
What type of animal are the Korean Sapsali and the German Spitz, which can refer to a category or type?
dog
American puppeteer and voice actor, Dave Goelz, known for his work with the Muppets, also does to voice of Figment, who is a part of what third and latest incarnation of a dark ride attraction located at Epcot?
Journey into Imagination with Figment
Hyposmocoma fulvogriesa is endemic to Kauai, which is also know as what?
the "Garden Isle"
Who created the show in which Zazie Beetz plays Vanessa?
Donald Glover
Are Bruce Robinson and Giacomo Gentilomo of the same nationality?
no
Are Jan Kodeš and Nenad Zimonjić both tennis players?
yes
To a Tee is described as this movie meets " Will & Grace", who directed this movie?
Woody Allen
Vinland Saga is the second full-length album by a symphonic metal band that has released how many studio albums?
six
How large is the Maine farm that was a major project of the Libra Foundation?
5,000 acre
Are both the Red House Painters and Us Amongst The Rest considered rock bands?
yes
Which country's flag features one of the national symbols, an 11-pointed maple leaf?
Canada
The UN Campus, Bonn was opened by Secretary-General that served when?
January 1997 to December 2006
Who worked as the visual effects artist on the on the feature film based on the novel "The Price of Salt"?
Lee Towndrow
 Live on Earth features songs from the other musical project of which record producer?
Arjen Anthony Lucassen
We Own the Night is the debut EP by the hip hop artist who was an original member of what group?
The Diplomats
What Disney film grossed $109 million worldwide and has the "Disney Fairies" franchise as a sequel?
Return to Never Land
Yemoja is a major water deity from a religion that is found primarily in southwestern Nigeria, and the adjoining parts of Benin and Togo, commonly known as what?
Yorubaland
are Peter Maxwell Davies and Emmanuel Chabrier both composers ?
yes
Todd G. Sears worked as head of diversity for the company that is a wealth management division of what bank?
Bank of America
Zooperstars features a clam dressed as a baseball player born in what year?
1968
what does 2003 Arizona Cardinals season and Anquan Boldin have in common?
football
What position do both Dutch footballer brothers, Rodney and Wesley Sneijder, play?
plays as a midfielder
The Wisconsin Lottery is run by the Wisconsin Department of Revenue and was authorized in 1988 by the state legislature, its games consist of Mega Millions, is an American multi-jurisdictional lottery game; it is offered in how many states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. Virgin Islands?
44
The Jeep Liberty took inspiration from the Willys2 and what vehicle manufactured in World War II?
Willys MB
What is the Italian translation of the title of the 2000 South Korean film which stars Lee Jung-jae?
The Sea
Which magazine was founded first, Ensign or Human Events?
Human Events
In what U.S. state did the fight between Carl Froch and Jermain Taylor take place?
Connecticut.
Which game is older Simon or Daldøs?
Daldøs
The George Washington Hotel was a hotel and boarding house located at 23 Lexington Avenue in New York City, the building was occupied by many famous writers, musicians, and poets including which English-American novelist, whose best-known works include "The Berlin Stories" (1935-39)?
Christopher Isherwood
When was the youngest player to win the WSOP Main Event in 1980 born?
September 8, 1953
the leading average point scorer for the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1991-92 season was born in which year ?
1962
Fazhengnian is a mediation ritual practiced in a spiritual practice whose name translates to what in English?
"Dharma Wheel Practice"
Wiscasset Airport, is a public-use airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Wiscasset, a town in which county located in the U.S. state of Maine?
Lincoln County
Elizabeth Haysom was convicted for the murder of her parents along with which German citizen?
Jens Söring
When was the album featuring "3 Libras" released?
May 23, 2000
Which American Singer and songwriter that has been recognized for several awards sings "Better When I'm Dancin'"?
Meghan Trainor
"Boomerang," featuring a song by Canadian rapper Drake, was released under what label?
Rhythm Zone
Which was released first, Grey Gardens or Dalai Lama Renaissance?
Grey Gardens
What type of media are both Shutter Island and Invasion of the Body Snatchers?
film
Idlewild and Soak Zone has won several awards from the publication that is based in what Texas city?
Arlington
Luc Bendza plays the role of a boxer named Jesse Glover in what 2008 television series?
The Legend of Bruce Lee
Michael Caton-Jones and Todd Field, are in which industry?
film
Which high chiefess served as a prominent lady of the Hawaiian royal court under Kamehameha V?
Nancy Wahinekapu Sumner
The virus the development of vaccines against which Ian Gust is best known for causes a disease of what organ?
liver
Russia's biggest domestic airline is located how many km north of Chelyabinsk?
18 km
Is Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel and Hampshire and Hampden Canal both canals?
yes
What is the population (including metropolitan area) of the city where the That El Emad Towers were built?
1.1 million people
What bands is the founder of the Reality party in?
Happy Mondays and Black Grape
What production company is Tusshar Kapoor's sister Joint Managing Director of?
Balaji Telefilms
Joseph Robert Micheletti was born in a city that had how many inhabitants in the 2010 census ?
6,424
Harry Shearer  show called the Itchy & Scratch Show, aired on what program?
The Krusty the Clown Show
The Harold Adams Office Building is a historic commercial building, in Fort Smith, in which U.S. State, it is a single-story office building, of a single-story Mid-century modern office building, designed by the regionally prominent architect Harold Eugene Adams?
Arkansas
The late Carrie Hamilton guest starred in "Monday," a 1999 episode of which hit sci-fi thriller series?
The X-Files
The Namesake starred the film actor known for work in what type of cinema?
Hindi
Christopher Michael Taylor produced what song for American Singer Banks?
Waiting Game
Which 2013 Movie produced by Marvels Studios has an actor who has won an Oscar, Grammy, BAFTA, two Golden Globes, and a Screen Actors Guild Award?
Iron Man 3
Which book recounts the story of a woman who had a sexual encounter with Bill Clinton after posing nude for Penthouse magazine?
Their Lives
Which National Football League (NFL) team currently has an offensive coordinator who also coached the championship 2015 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Who is the German professional footballer who is the client of Roman Grill?
Piotr Trochowski
Are Ali Campbell and Chrigel Glanzmann members of the same band?
no
What fictional TV character from the series "Chuck" has a close friendship with the 66th United States Secretary of State?
Diane Beckman
Abdul Alkalimat is a professor of African-American studies and library and information science at a university founded in which year ?
1867
Do GridIron Master and Battlestar Galactica both exist as board games ?
yes
Valeri Bure led the Flames in scoring in the 1999-2000 season, which was a season where his brother, who was nicknamed what, and who played for 12 seasons in the NHL, also set a record with him?
The Russian Rocket
What number is considered the 11 o'clock number in the musical written by Doug Wright, music by Trey Anastasio and Amanda Green, lyrics by Amanda Green?
God Answered My Prayers
What professional function was served by both Robert Hayden and Andrew Vachss, although for different organizations?
consultant
In what country can you find the İstanbul Toy Museum and the Republic Monument?
Turkey
What is the population of the city that shares Lebanon Hills Regional Park with the city of Apple Valley?
64,206
Which type of don is available in more countries, Gran Mastín de Borínquen or Labrador Retriever? 
The Labrador Retriever
Thomas F. August lost re-election in the mayoral race that included the politician who now serves as a representative from what congressional district?
Massachusetts 's 7
At which airport is the airline, which plans to scheduled service to Kahama soon, based?
Julius Nyerere International Airport
What type of gaming involves players gambling casino chips that can also be described as server centric?
casino gaming
In what directional situation in Australia would one have found the main base of operation for the Aero-Tropics Air Services?
north-east
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital are located in what city?
Washington, D.C.
Which country did the author of "The Naming of Cats" move to? 
England
Which is the larger dog, German Pinscher and Sporting Lucas Terrier?
German Pinscher
In addition to Jill Scott, Musiq Soulchild, Stevie Wonder, George Duke, Trick Daddy, Anthony Hamilton, Robert Glasper, Lalah Hathaway, Earth Wind & Fire, and the basketball player who was elected to the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009, what other person has JR Hutson worked with?
Childish Gambino
how many Infinity Gems must earths heroes seek out? 
six
What was the book The Conservative Case for Trump written by Phyllis Schlafly best known for?
helping to defeat the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s
Who directed the film in which Peter Riegert played the glove manufacturer Lou Levov ?
Ewan McGregor
KPOM-LP, is a low-power television station in Ontario, California, broadcasting locally in analog, on VHF channel 6, formerly based in the Palm Springs (Indio) area, Palm Springs is a desert resort city, in which County, in California?
Riverside County
What year did the person whose disappearance gave Sandra Felgueiras her best known interview disappear?
2007
What Christmas song was parodied by Tim Wilson and Jeff Foxworthy in their song "Redneck 12 Days of Christmas"?
"The Twelve Days of Christmas"
Former Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company endorsers include a former professional gridiron football player who was inducted into what in 2003?
College Football Hall of Fame
What genre is the film that the Village of the Damned soundtrack was written for?
science fiction-horror
Which board game was released first, Omega Virus or War on Terror?
Omega Virus
Who was the director of the 2013 British short film starring the actor who played Major Lance "Corky" Corkoran in the BBC series "The Night Manager"?
Mark Gill
Nutt-So collaborated on an album with which rapper known for his collaborative work with Tupac Shakur?
Hussein Fatal
In which city are the headquarters of the multinational defence, security and aerospace company, one of the world's largest and ranked 3rd based on revenues in 2015, which has the subsidiary British Aerospace? 
London
Broadway Bound is a movie written by an author who has written how many plays ?
more than thirty plays
What "Virtual Choir" producer worked with British composer Guy Sigsworth? 
Eric Edward Whitacre
Who was the Imperial Japanese Army officer of the official ground-based armed force of the Empire of Japan from 1868 to 1945
Morihiro Higashikuni
Which of Rihanna's songs did Brittany Hazzard, aka Starrah, co-write?
"Needed Me"
Seiko Holdings Corporation was formerly known as which watch and jewlery shop?
K. Hattori
Jackson Galaxy is a behaviorist who hosts the television show that airs on what channel?
Animal Planet
Are Ryan Key and Brian Connolly both American?
no
Otterøy Church, is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway, and was built in which medieval wooden Christian church building once common in north-western Europe?
stave church
Spider is a 2007 Australian black comedy short film directed by a director who is a principal member of which movie-making collective ?
Blue-Tongue Films
What type of buildings are on 56 Leonard Street, and 520 Park Avenue in New York City?
skyscraper
What do Presbyterian University College and Baylor University have in common
partially private & public university
What career did Klaus-Dietrich Flade and Pedro Duque both pursue?
astronaut
The Blond Knight of Germany is a book dedicated to the most successful fighter ace who flew how many combat missions?
1,404
Time Travelling Toaster, is a alter ego or persona of a currently unknown experimental multi-genre music producer, electronic musician, and visual artist whose stage name is possibly based on a which TV episode of The Simpsons?
Treehouse of Horror V
British drum and bass group Reprazent released the album "In the Møde" that featured this American musician, poet, rapper, and activist who left his band in which year?
2011
Are members of the Hakonechloa and Micromeria geniuses considered flowering plants?
no
Are both Randy Owen and Rick Davies English musicians?
no
The person that wrote Pursuit of Honor as served as a story consultant for what television series?
24
Which film that stars Will Smith is James Karen known for acting in?
The Pursuit of Happyness
Who is the younger brother of Ray Charles Leonard?
Roger Leonard
Curtiss-Southwest Field was the origin of planes that harassed African America rioters during a riot that occurred on which days ?
May 31 and June 1, 1921
Are both Azadirachta and Maihuenia part of the cactus family?
no
What other children's program was created by the creator of PAW Patrol?
Bob the Builder
Outpost Island Mine and Discovery Mine, are located where?
Yellowknife, Northwest Territories
Denis O'Brien was a veteran of what conflict that led to the establishment of the Irish Free State?
Irish Civil War
When was the mother of Buddy Alan born?
October 1, 1929
Emma Approved was based on which novel by Jane Austen about youthful hubris?
Emma
In what year was the 1998–99 head coach of the Phoenix Suns born?
1959
Between Chris Columbus and Claude Berri, who was born earlier?
Claude Berri
Which Czech composer achieved worldwide recognition before the subject of "Concert at the End of Summer"?
Bedřich Smetana
Which person from Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two was the first female host of "The Radio 1 Breakfast Show"?
Zoë Louise Ball
Idiot Wind was written after Bob Dylan's comeback tour with the group that formed in which city in 1968?
Toronto, Ontario
What is a synonym for the profession of Jose Aponte Hernandez outside of being a Speaker of the House of Representatives?
financial reporting
Charles "Charlie Red" Hardnett, is a former NBA player, he coached at Coppin State College (Baltimore) from 1970 to 1974, and at Morris Brown College (MBC), a private, coed, liberal arts college located in the Vine City community of Atlanta, Georgia, in which country?
United States
America: Imagine the World Without Her is a 2014 American political documentary film by Dinesh Joseph D'Souza, an Indian American conservative political commentator, author and filmmaker, born on which date?
April 25, 1961
Who is the American glamour model, actress, national spokesperson, and web personality that had her first notable comedy role in Purgatory Comics?
Bree Olson
In what year was the politician who was defeated in 2008 by Shirley Breeden born?
1961
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the village in which the inventor of the phonograph was born?
1,367
What film was one of the female stars from Kalifornia's fame maker in 1991?
"Cape Fear"
Are Stan Lee and Dashiell Hammett of the same nationality?
yes
Who wrote and directed the film which critics have noted to have similarities with the 1999 crime action film, Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai?
Jean-Pierre Melville
Starring Alec Baldwin, Rory Culkin, and Emma Roberts, which 2008 comedy-drama film depicts aspects of life in the 1970s Long Island? 
Lymelife
Anna of Cilli and her daughter Hedwig Jagiellon were 15th-century figures in which European country's royal family?
Poland
Where does the water from a lake in a town in New Hampshire that had a population of 1,783 in the 2010 census flow to?
Cocheco River
Clark's Lookout State Park is located one mile north of what city that is the county seat of Beaverhead County, Montana?
Dillon
What is the most populous city in the country that contains Eastern Samar province?
Quezon City
Syzygium and Ozothamnus can both be found where?
Australia
Ella Mikhaylovna Polyakova, is a Russian human rights activist, a member of which current President of Russia, holding the office since 7 May 2012?
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin
Kathryn Drysdale played Whom in Vanity Fair
Grace Shelley
Question: What coach, who was born in 1955 took over for Mike Cavan for the Southern Methodist University football team in 2002?
Phil Bennett
Which work of vampire literature was adapted into a film in 1994?
Interview with the Vampire
Which team that competed in the 2009 Independence Bowl was led by a second-year head coach?
Texas A&M Aggies
Who is this controversial Canadian-born American whose frank memoirs helped usher in the confessional style of autobiographical writing and whose disciple became a topic of James G. Kiernan's writing?
Mary MacLane
Baselius College, Kottayam, is Malankara Orthodox , and which type of educational institution, whichusually refers to an educational institution that provides workforce education and college transfer academic programs?
community college
 K-1 Grand Prix '93 had a karate bout involving the karateka who participated in what weight class?
heavyweight
 Iqaluit Airport hosts which airline that is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and whose main base is Edmonton Airport?
Canadian North
The father of the regicide and also nephew of King Al Faisal was the twelfth son to who?
King Abdulaziz
Jane Ann, Lady Winterton's husband was a member of what?
Parliament
Physical Evidence starring Burt Reynolds was the last film directed by which celebrated thriller and sci-fi novelist?
Michael Crichton
What is the name of the award named in honor of the English actor who studied at the Royal Academy and had an eight decade career?
Golden Quill
Which director is higher grossing, Tinto Brass or Christopher Nolan?
Christopher Edward Nolan
Angry Dad: The Movie aired on February 20, 2011 during the twenty-second season, but was first introduced on what epsiode of the thirteenth season?
eighteenth
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the town in which Bigelow Preserve is located?
618
Which television personality from The Real Housewives of New Jersey won second partnership with Mike Malinon on the Famous Food series? 
Danielle Staub
Martin Ohm's brother was working at what profession when he began his research with the new electrochemical cell?
a school teacher
What school  offers liberal arts and professional courses, graduate and undergraduate degrees in 60 fields, as well as a premedical program, also famous for an American woman convicted of fraud and identity theft charges gaining entry to the school?
Harvard University Extension School
In what county is the town of Pembroke, birthplace to Peter Robinson, American lawyer and politician? 
Merrimack County
Eline de Pool grew up in Willemstad on which Caribbean Sea island?
Curaçao
What city has a Polynesian-themed resort that was built by developer Steve Wynn and hosted the 2013 Mosconi Cup?
Las Vegas, Nevada
"Turn Around" is a song that contains samples of "Oh Yeah" by a band consisting of Dieter Meier and who else?
Boris Blank
Is the Spider and The Arts Fuse both magazines? 
yes
Which Indian singer born in 1923 received the Best Male Playback Singer award?
Mukesh
Ed Harris starred in what 2013 film written by Bong Joon-ho and and Kelly Masterson?
Snowpiercer
Which plant is found on an island, Andersonia or Baptisia? 
Andersonia
What do Nils Gaup and Roman Karmen have in common?
film director
Cha Cha Cohen and Third Day, are part of which type of group?
band
What is the name of the Valley in which the Lenni-Lenape Nation were living at the time when Philadelphia was established and through which the Delaware River flows?
Delaware Valley
When was Australia's prison for "AA" security risks opened?
September 2001
John Updike and Kingsley Amis, have which mutual occupations?
novelist, poet, critic
What product are both Jack Daniel's and Lynchburg, Tennessee known for?
whiskey
Are both Brachychiton and Colchicum found on the same continent?
no
Where is one of the companies that reported the planned DDOS attack headquartered?
San Francisco, California
Where did the battle that Merzifonlu Kara Mustafa Pasha participated in take place?
Kahlenberg Mountain
What local council is located in Adelaide, South Australia
City of Tea Tree Gully
Where is the headquarter of the company using the service of MV "Fundy Rose" is a RORO passenger ship?
Charlottetown
Which band has more guitarists, Less Than Jake or Sheila on 7?
Sheila on 7
Which distinguished person of the Microsoft Corporation did Steven Sebring do a portraiture of?
Bill Gates
Paranjoy Guha Thakurta (born 5 October 1955) is an Indian journalist, political commentator, author and a documentary film maker, he is also a regular guest lecturer at some of the top institutes like Jamia Millia Islamia,a public central university in Delhi, it was established during British rule in what year?
1920
In what year was the company, for which Javed Afridi is best known as CEO, established?
2000
The lone actor who set fired on a Nazi building one month after Adolf Hitler had sworn in and was caught and tried for the act died in which year?
1934
Which band is from Ohio, Guided by Voices or Gravity Kills?
Guided by Voices
What country is Helsinki, the capital city of and where  the neighborhood of Myllypro is located?
Finland
Tom Felton won MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain for his performance in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" and a film directed by who?
David Yates
 Vaamanan is a 2009 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by debutant I. Ahmed and its story resembles a neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by who?
Christopher Nolan
Between Prima la musica e poi le parole and Death in Venice, which piece is composed of more acts?
Death in Venice
"The Shot" refers to a play by Valparaiso University's Crusaders that occurred in the first round of the 1998 NCAA Tournament, the play came in Valpo's game against the University of Mississippi Rebels at The Myriad in Oklahoma City on March 13, 1998, the Ole Miss Rebels are the intercollegiate athletic teams officially representing which organization?
University of Mississippi
"Brothers in Arms" is a 1985 song by Dire Straits, appearing as the closing track on the album of the same name, released on which date?
13 May 1985
Catorthoseis is a term first noted by an emperor who ruled from when til when ?
161 to 180 AD
Who directed the 2014 film based on a Michael Bond book starring the 12th Doctor Who actor?
Paul King
Reverend Gary Davis has many students including one who was the composer of Hey Looka Yonder. What is the students name?
Tom Winslow
What episode was the "The Kids are all Fight" when The Simpsons aired its twenty-sixth season on Fox?
the nineteenth episode
Who lived a longer life, Jerome Storm or James Tinling?
James Tinling
Who was born more recently, James Files, or Lee Harvey Oswald?
James Earl Files
Who produced the 2014 telenovela in which the woman, who also starred in "Verano del 98" and "Son Amores," starred in? 
Pol-ka
The largest city in Baja California, Mexico, began as which land grant?
Rancho Cueros de Venado
Who wrote the book that Peggy Robertson's 1948 movie is based on?
Helen Simpson
Cari Roccaro is a soccer player from the CDP in what New York county?
Suffolk
Tod James Murphy played for which Oakland, California basketball team?
Golden State Warriors
Byelka was devoped for an aircraft which was a product of what?
PAK FA
Which of the Khans of Bollywood was awarded the Padma Shri in 2003?
Aamir Khan
Fuelled by the earlier conflicts of Matthias Corvinus king of Hungary battled which empire during the Battle of Leitzersdorf?
Holy Roman Empire
On what date did Atco Records release the album where Pantera introduced a groove metal sound?
July 24, 1990
Afterplay is a 2002 one-act play by Brian Friel, it centres on two characters from Chekhov (Sonya from "Uncle Vanya" and Andrey from which play by the Russian author and playwright, Anton Chekhov?
Three Sisters
Gerard Way and Raimund Marasigan explored their musical talents in various ways, but did they both write comic books? 
no
The group that took responsibility for a mass shooting that happened in 1993 blamed it on an event carried out by who?
Provisional Irish Republican Army
The indigenous peoples group that John H. Kilbuck was a member of live in what two countries?
Canada and the United States
Krasdale Foods is an independent grocery wholesaler which supplies more than how many products to food retailers, including C-Town Supermarkets, a chain of independently owned and operated supermarkets operating in the northeastern United States?
7,000
Mickey Rooney and Lino Brocka, are American?
no
Hyde Road was home to a team until they moved to another stadium located where?
Moss Side, Manchester
Who has perofrmed in more bands, Paul Draper or Kevin Max?
Kevin Max
Are Unmistaken Child and Walt Disney both documentry films?
yes
What did Richard Thomas Griffiths get nominated for after playing in the 2006 British comedy-drama adapted by Alan Bennett?
nominated for the BAFTA Award
The Imperator-class ocean liners were a series of three ocean liners designed for the Hamburg America Line, which included the RMS Majestic, originally launched in 1914 as the SS what?
Bismarck
What ongoing monthly comic book series is written by the co-writer of Darkness Falls?
Great Pacific
The actor who played John Aubrey in many productions of Brief Lives is also known for narrating the audio book versions of what series?
"A Song of Ice and Fire"
Are both Bertrand Blier and Peter Segal a filmmaker?
yes
Abersoch Golf Club was found on a holiday that originated in which country ?
the United Kingdom
What book did the writer of the song "Palisades Park" write?
Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
What was the first ongoing TV series to feature the voice of Erin van Oosbree as Daphne Blake?
What's New, Scooby-Doo?
What role in "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" was played by the actress who starred in the 2003 film "The Music Man"?
Sally Brown
For what edition of the UEFA European Championship is Elkhan Mammadov spearheading a bid for Baku?
16th edition
The Hot Rock is the fourth studio album by a band that formed in what year?
1994
The 2015 film "Home" included a song that premiered on BBC Radio by what artist?
Rihanna
Are Hyomin and Bobby Gillespie both members of a band?
yes
Joan Merriam Smith began and ended her flight in the city that is the seat of what county?
Alameda County
What acting star of Jet Over the Atlantic was also in such films as Scarface, Each Dawn I Die, and Some Like it Hot?
George Raft
What creature, that is also known as the "large intestine worm," was Ivan Mackerle trying to find?
Mongolian death worm
What is a family of United States automatic rifles (machine rifles) and light machine guns used by the United States, that were produced by a company at the former Stevens-Duryea factory that was originally constructed for car manufacturing in 1912?
Browning Automatic Rifle
What year was the section of Oakland containing a shopping mall and social services hub annexed? 
1909
Who directed the film based on the biography produced by John Hunter Spence in 2003 ?
Julian Jarrold.
Which has a greater area, Quanzhou or Ningguo?
Quanzhou
What is the middle name of the Good Morning America meteoroligist for whom Kait Parker occasionally fills in on weekends?
Mark
The radio presenter who provided the voiceover for the first series of God's Gift was born in which year ?
1929
Crossing the Line was directed by Peter Jackson, and had an additional director who was what South African film director who is best known for District 9?
Neill Blomkamp
Dayton Lummis, was an American actor of film and television who specialized in the genre of anthology and western series, often playing authority figures, in 1955, he portrayed General Douglas MacArthur, was an American five-star general and which position of the Philippine Army?
Field Marshal
Who was the writer of the Australian television drama series which was created by the producers of "Packed to the Rafters" and was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011
Bevan Lee
What two areas are coevered by the Timeline of Las Vegas?
the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Las Vegas Valley
who produced the  brand  which adopted  Intel BiCMOS logic circuit family that is co invested by Young  
Intel
What was the occupation of the creator of The Cabinet?
American color commentator and retired professional wrestler
What country do both Geauga Lake and Six Flags have in comman?
United States
The Jungle Book convinces Mowgli to leave the jungle before what evil fictional Bengal tiger arrives?
Shere Khan
Gregory Nava and Jim McBride, are American with which occupations in common?
film director, producer and screenwriter
Which dog has a larger size, Chow Chow or Lakeland Terrier? 
Chow Chow
Dan Bilzerian was born the same month that Extraction was released. What month was it?
December
Which opera, if any,  Venus and Adonis or Bluebeard's Castle has more acts ?
Venus and Adonis
The head office of the corporation which has formerly been McGraw Hill Financial, Inc. is located in what city?
New York City
What Canadian documentary is about the hobby where participants wear costumes to represent a specific character?
Fanboy Confessional
In which Indiana town is there a urban planned worker community designed by American architect Howard Van Doren Shaw?
East Chicago
Which British film features extra Shane Hart?
Hummingbird
What movie does the Queen of Kollywood and Prabhas star in together? 
Chakram
Which game was released first out of Stonehenge and Pictionary?
Pictionary
In what year was the man that bought a sports franchise from members of the Bruce Norris family in 1982 born?
1929
Who was the subject of the film featured on Python Night, shown on BBC2 on 9 October 1999?
Brian Cohen
Q: What transit system has been open since 1904 and comes to an intersection at Beach 36th Street and Rockaway Freeway in Edgemere, Queens?
New York City Subway
Which director is best known for working with film, Charles Crichton or Kinka Usher?
Charles Ainslie Crichton
How many Grand Slam titles did the winner of the 1980 Avon Championships of Houston win ? 
39
The Seventh Date of Blashyrkh is black metal band, and which black metal band from Bergen, Norway, founded in 1991 by frontman and bassist Abbath Doom Occulta (Olve Eikemo), first live DVD?
Immortal
What genre of films were the films The Devil Came on Horseback and Comic Book Confidential?
documentary film
Which of the 2016 Georgia Bulldogs football team coach was born in December 23, 1975? 
Kirby Smart
What popular single by Sammy Hagar promoted his nightclub in Cabo San Lucas, BCS, Mexico?
Mas Tequila
Are Encelia and Gleditsia from the same family?
no
What does the perennial rainforest shrub containing an active alkaloid also found in Voacanga africana and Tabernaemontana undulata induce in large doses?
visions
What influenced the song, written by Ne-Yo, from Rihanna's second studio album?
Caribbean roots
Who plays for Palmeiras and achieves representation from Juan Figer Svirski's organisation?
Zé Roberto
Sue-Ann Levy, is a Canadian writer, and was hired by the "Toronto Sun", an English-language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto, Ontario, in which country?
Canada
What profession does Izu Ojukwu and Fred Savage have in common?
director
Are Anne Rice and V. S. Naipaul both authors?
yes
The director of a 2015 film based on Austro-Bavarian folklore has collaborated with which screenwriter?
Dan Harris
Are both Yunfu and Shangluo found in Shaanxi province?
no
Ron Lyle had a notable win over which Argentinian heavyweight boxer?
Oscar Natalio "Ringo" Bonavena
Between the American rock bands, Goon Moon and Shinedown, which has sold more than ten million records worldwide, and has had 11 number one singles?
Shinedown
Which physicist caused major advances in biochemistry with Solomon Berson and also was a co-winner o f the 1977 Nobel Prize in Medicine?
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow
What year was the book that Jiminy Cricket is based off of published?
1883
Romance sentimentale is a French film directed by this person born in January, 1903.
Grigori Aleksandrov
John Barton "Jack" Grimwood, was an English footballer who played as a half-back, he joined Manchester United in May 1919, and made his debut for the club in the first Manchester derby, on which date?
11 October 1919
Who is younger, Constantine Orbelian or Ivan Dmitri?
Constantine Garrievich Orbelian, Jr.
An elite party is a political party consisting of members of parliament who agree to co-operate politically and the first to describe this party model was an Irish statesman who served for many years with what party?
Whig Party
Which place was founded first, MOD Pizza or Buddy's Pizza?
Buddy's Pizza
In which year was this album by Kanye West that featured the song "I am a God" released?
2013
Pierce Gagnon starred in what science fiction thriller that involved contracted killers?
Looper
What do Mario Gomez and Javi Martinez have in common?
professional footballer
Did Sue Barker or Roberta Vinci hold a higher career singles ranking?
Susan Barker
Which genus has the most species, Stachyurus or Buckinghamia?
Stachyurus
Marta Eggerth was a singer from the silver age of which genre of light opera, "light" in terms both of music and subject matter?
Operetta
What do Glenn Tilbrook and Stuart Murdoch have in common?
singer
What is the name of a restaurant a restaurant located in the Liberty Square,  one of six "themed lands" and is exclusive to the Magic Kingdom, a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida
Liberty Tree Tavern
The 1992 WLAF postseason ran from May 30 until June 6 at which multi-purpose stadium in Canada, located at Olympic Park in the Hochelaga-Maisonneuve district of Montreal?
Olympic Stadium
Clarence Saunders developed an American supermarket chain whose first outlet opened in what year?
1916
On what national sports team were Israfeel Kohistani and Zohib Islam Amiri teammates? 
Afghanistan national football team
When was the American jazz pianist and organist died who's album is Back with Basie?
April 26, 1984
HMS Cardiff was briefly sent to the Baltic during which multi-party war after the Russian Revolution?
Russian Civil War
Who was more involved in pop music, Gabe Saporta or Dexter Holland?
Gabriel Eduardo "Gabe" Saporta
In what city was The Making of Me shown?
Lake Buena Vista, Florida
What Scottish singer covered "The Man Who Sold the World"?
Lulu
The Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant is located in a town that was originally called what?
Jefferson
Who directed the 1991 Australian romantic comedy, starring the daughter of actors Barry and Lindsay Otto?
Kathy Mueller
The Whip featured what American film actor that appeared in some 250 movies during a 36-year career
Wallace Beery
Which magazine had a greater number of founders, Honey or Girlfriends?
Girlfriends
Which Italian sculptor created the sculpture "Aeneas, Anchises, and Ascanius" and was also a well known architect and city planner?
Gian Lorenzo Bernini
Calais ( , traditionally ; ] ; Picard: "Calés" ; Dutch: "Kales" ) is a town and major ferry port in northern France in the department of Pas-de-Calais, of which administrative division of a country that is below prefecture or province?
Subprefecture
Iuty was an ancient Egyptian vizier presumably of the Late New Kingdom whose family tomb made up of bricks was discovered in December 1964 by the Egyptian archaeologist Shafik Farid, in the so-called "Cemetery of the Nobles" of Bubastis (Tell Basta), A calcite canopic jar (representing Duamutef) belonging to Iuty’s son, the high-priest of which ,  goddess in ancient Egyptian religion, worshiped as early as the 2nd Dynasty (2890 BCE)?
Bastet
The man who did the film score for "Silver Streak" won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in what year?
1995
What Canadian city was the venue for the Tokers Bowl from 2002 until a police raid in 2006?
Vancouver
 Alf Aage Olsen played as a forward for a sports club founded on what date?
26 April 1876
Which play by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written in 1610–11 did Jami Reid-Quarrell appeared in
The Tempest
How many rooms does the hotel where the fight between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Marcos Maidana was held have?
5,124
François Ignace Schaal, born and baptized on 5 December 1747 in Colmar (Alsace) and died on 30 August 1833 at Sélestat (Bas-Rhin), was a French general and statesman of which titled series of sweeping military conflicts, lasting from 1792 until 1802, resulting from the French Revolution?
French Revolutionary Wars
"Gone with the Wind" is set during what era?
American Civil War and Reconstruction Era
The company Frank Graham Thompson was heir to was established in what year?
1846
One of the five largest hardware retailers in the world is a company that was founded in North Wilkesboro in this year?
1946
Gary Jones was the costume designer for a 2013 fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi that tells the story of what magician?
Oscar Diggs
Kevin John Crease (8 May 1936 – 12 April 2007) was a South Australian television presenter and news presenter, he was most noted for presenting South Australian edition of the Nine Network's" National Nine News", between 1987 and which year, with Rob Kelvin, (born 20 September 1944) is a former television news presenter, who lived in Adelaide, South Australia?
2007
 Ruud Janssen is a Dutch Fluxus and mail artist currently living in Breda in the Netherlands, also known informally as what?
Holland
who was head coach for 2002–03 Connecticut Huskies men's basketball team and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame? 
Jim Calhoun
Who is an American supermodel and actress who hosted Project Runway All Stars?
Angela Lindvall
Is Bob Mould or Kendall Schmidt better known for their television career?
Kendall Francis Schmidt
Stock Ticker and Colt Express are what type of games?
board game
Where did the namesake of the Kilby International Awards take part in the realization of the integrated circuit at?
Texas Instruments
Sean O'Neal played Sam Anders in a television show created by which person?
Mitchell Kriegman
Bradshaw Leigh is known for habing recorded for a man who is the child of who? 
John Lennon
What role in the creation of music is filled by both Frank Sinatra and Ed Robertson?
singer
Did Margaret Mead get her PhD at the university Jamaica Kincaid teaches at?
no
What is the name of the British romantic war drama film shown at The Scoop in June 2008?
Atonement
Are Croton and Chasmanthium in the same family?
no
Which genus has the most species of trees, Mesquite or Ceanothus
Ceanothus
The man featured in the documentary The Man Who Predicted 9/11 led hundreds out of which tower before its collapse?
the South Tower
Who is an American film director, producer, and writer, Herk Harvey or Sean S. Cunningham ?
Sean Sexton Cunningham
Nuvvila is a film that features music by the director of what nationality?
Indian
what position did Ömer Toprak play for Borussia Dortmund
centre back
What song by The Les Claypool Frog Brigade appeared as the theme song for a season of an American animated television series plagued by controversy when the Halloween episode depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party?
"Whamola"
Gunhilda of Denmark is a member of a ruling royal house in Middle Age Scandinavia and England whose most famous king was who?
Cnut the Great
Linghai and Pingdu, are from which country?
China
Which American composer wrote Symphony No. 4, based on the album Heroes by David Bowie?
Philip Glass
Which prehistoric period of Mesopotamia were the majority of the remains from found in Tell al-Ubaid?
Ubaid period
What are the German initials of the party that included Käthe Leichter in its rolls?
SPÖ
Which American author has sold over 600 million copies one of which had a television special of it in 1971?
Theodor Seuss Geisel
Mankiller is a 2017 documentary film directed by Valerie Red-Horse Mohl, concerning the life of Wilma Mankiller, was a community organizer and the first woman elected to serve as chief of which organization?
Cherokee Nation
WHat job do both  Jake Kasdan and Boris Barnet have?
film director
The Sleaford, England brewery founded in 1777, now owned by The Bass Maltings, had an annual output of how many barrels by 1877?
one million
Shatner's Raw Nerve has had an appearance by the model and actress who had what nickname?
The Queen of Porn
 In which film did Miley Cyrus appear with the actor who played Gale Hawthorne in The Hunger Games
The Last Song
What was the nationality of the person being paid tribute to in the single "Skeptic"?
American
Who was an  intellectual and diplomat, he held various academic posts and served as a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF and President of the World Federalist Movement, Billy Bob Thornton or Peter Ustinov?
Sir Peter Ustinov
Both North Rock and Machias Seal Island are nearest to which U.S. State?
Maine
John Shakespeare was the son of the husbandman who lived in what Warwickshire town?
Snitterfield
What 2012 sports-drama film directed by Robert Lorenz, and starring Clint Eastwood, which revolves around an aging baseball scout whose daughter joins him on a scouting trip features a real life father-son appearance?
Trouble with the Curve
Bruce Rowland wrote the film score for which 1989 live-action film?
Cheetah
Treviso is a city and "comune" that is home to an Italian brand of shoe and clothing manufactured with what?
waterproof/breathable fabrics.
Which cemetery in Suffolk County, New York, is the permanent resting place of more 18th and 19th century sea captains that in any other Long Island cemetery?
Oakland Cemetery
British actor Christian Bale has starred in various films, as well as advertisements and a video game, Bale had a minor role in which 1989 British historical drama film adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh, based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name about King Henry V of England?
Henry V
Who directed the documentary that features an American rapper of Korean descent by the name of Jonathan Park?
Salima Koroma
Graham Christopher Stack (born 26 September 1981) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for National League club Eastleigh, hehas featured for which professional football club in Bermondsey, South East London, England?  
Millwall Football Club
What is the title of this 2013 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios that Robert Kondo and Daisuke Tsutsumi were involved with when they opened the project "The Dam Keeper?"
Monsters University
In what political role did the politican who Alistair Beaton worked as a speechwriter for, serve in the Blair Government? 
Chancellor of the Exchequer
Cumbernauld House is on the site of what former edifice in the Park in Cumbernauld?
Cumbernauld Castle
Who was born earlier, John Wetton or Anders Nyström?
John Kenneth Wetton
The album that 808s & Sax Breaks is a jazz interpretation of was released in what year?
2008
A Casino pit is an area of a casino, which typically contains tables for games, which casino game is named after the French word meaning, "little wheel"?
Roulette
Thin Black Duke is a studio album by which San Francisco-based rock band?
Oxbow
What alternative rock band, Madrugada or Helium, released two full-length albums in 5 years? 
Helium
What city were the murders committed by the person played by Maxim Gaudette in?
Montreal
What is the birth date of the composer of First Suite in E-flat for Military Band?
21 September 1874
Harrah's & The Linq station is an island platform located between The Linq and a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip that has over 1200 slot machines, and is owned and operated by who?
Caesars Entertainment Corporation
Per Mertesacker plays as a centre back for a professional football club in HIghbury, London, England, that has won how many league titles?
13
Are both Jack Evans and Chester Bennington songwriters?
yes
Which son of George V attended the 1932 Isle of Man race?
Prince George, Duke of Kent
In what year did the inventor of the mass driver propose a design for a space settlement?
1976
What country did Frederic Thesiger, 1st Viscount Chelmsford serve in from 1909 to 1913?
Australia
Who did Manchester City beat on the day that Swansea City beat Liverpool 1-0 in the 2011-12 season ?
Queens Park Rangers
Who directed this 1986 British biopic starring Gary Oldman and Chloe Webb, which was parodied in The Simpsons episode "Love Springfieldian Style?"
Alex Cox
What US state is the KeyArena located in where the Ultimate Fighting Championship holds events?
Washington
What city was founded by a Greek hero and is located on the Mediterranean Sea? 
Tyre
Eat, Pray, Love was turned into a film that was co-written and directed by whom?
Ryan Murphy
The Big Apple Coaster is located in what state? 
Nevada
Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters is a memoir written by a pilot who retired after how many years of commercial service?
30
The 1991–92 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team represented Indiana University, their head coach was Bobby Knight, Robert Montgomery Knight, a retired American basketball coach, who was in his which year?
21st
What date did brothers, Peter "Goosey" Gusenberg and Frank Gusenberg die?
February 14, 1929
What was the name of the 1985 formed band, Fu Manchu's debut album?
No One Rides for Free
Stuss or Jewish Faro is a card game, a variant of which late 17th-century, French gambling card game?
Faro
Rosie Fellner has starred alonside an actor who won what? 
"Triple Crown of Acting"
What other Disney film did the writer of the song performed by singer Idina Menzel in her vocal role as Queen Elsa contribute to?
"Winnie the Pooh"
Oakland Female Seminary was the first girls' school west of what second-largest drainage system in North America?
Mississippi River
What is the name of this role playing game by Alexander Scott, originally published in 1984, which were covered by the Cretan Chronicles?
Maelstrom
Maurizio Lobina created the piano riff for which hit song that was released on 15 January 1999?
Blue
Thomas Dimitroff joined the patriots as a scout for the team's 33rd season in the National Football League which was part of what calendar year?
2002 New England Patriots season
Manmohan Singh is film director of Punjabi films, and noted cinematographer of Bollywood films, he frequently collaborated with Yash Chopra, for whom he shot Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, also known by the initialism DDLJ, is an Indian romance film written and directed by Aditya Chopra (In his directorial debut), in what year?
1995
What film starring Morgan Freeman, and Angelina Jolie did Deborah Lurie compose the music for?
Wanted
All Net Resort and Arena is a planned entertainment complex in Las Vegas, its location is set on the Strip at the former site of a Wet 'n Wild waterpark, next to the SLS Las Vegas, the SLS Hotel & Casino Las Vegas (formerly Sahara Hotel and Casino) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, in which US state?
Nevada
What horror film did Heather Langenkamp star in during 2016?
Home is a 2016 American horror film directed by Frank Lin and starring Heather Langenkamp
Which playable character on The Death and Return of Superman is an adversary to Superman, as well as the Justice League?
Doomsday
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan and Strauder v. West Virginia, cases with which organization?
United States Supreme Court
What country hosted the World Cup that Hussain Ghuloum played in?
Italy
Which actor in "Inherent Vice" was also in "Star 80"?
Eric Roberts
How many counties are in the named part of Maryland on which the Choptank people historically lived?
nine counties
Icons.com sells merchandise signed by a professional footballer that won UEFA Club Footballer of the Year in 2005 and what other award?
Ballon d'Or Bronze Award
What is the name of this Mexican public company and major retailer in Mexico that competes mainly with H-E-B grocery, along with Walmart Mexico, S-Mart, Chedraui, and Casa Ley?
Soriana
Are Arctotis and Polyscias both types of plants?
yes
What is the name of the ancient people first described by a Roman historian in his treatise that is adjacent to Prussia?
Aesti
St James's Palace held the first playing of the wedding anthem of Princess Anne, and though no longer the the principle residence of the monarch, it is still the ceremonial meeting place of what group?
the Accession Council
Léo Delibes and Igor Stravinsky, both had which musical occupation?
composer
Which college offers more majors, Western Institute of Technology or University of Maryland, College Park?
University of Maryland, College Park
In which city was this English new wave and synth-pop band that released the studio album "Liberty" formed?
Birmingham
Dansranbilegiin Dogsom was from a country located between which two countries ?
China to the south and Russia to the north
Which case was ruled on first Selle v. Gibb or Edwards v. Aguillard ?
Selle v. Gibb
Ngonidzashe Makusha is a sprinter and long jumper who won double at the NCAA championships, what other athlete, born July 1, 1961, also won doublein 1981?
Carl Lewis
Where is the main building of the rebuilt structure that was the subject of the Impending Death located in?
Lower Manhattan, New York City
The 2006 film directed by Nick Broomfield, known as Ghosts is named in reference to which Cantonese slang term for Westerners or "ghost man"?
Gweilo
Are Kim Jong-hyun and Ace Frehley European?
no
 PartyCasino is an online casino first launched in 1997 under the name Starluck Casino before relaunching again in 2006, the casino offers over 500 games, like which comparing card game between usually several players and a dealer, where each player in turn competes against the dealer, also known as twenty-one?
Blackjack
One of the stars of the Hunchback of Notre Dame also starred in "Murphy Brown" as which character?
Jim Dial
The Carleton Knights are the sports team of a college that enrolled how many students in Fall 2015?
2,014 undergraduate students
The song "Gashina" was recorded by a South Korea singer that was a member of what group in 2007?
Wonder Girls
Which band was formed first, "Big Audio Dynamite" or "Belly"?
Big Audio Dynamite
Which battle was longer, the Battle of Fredericksburg, or the Battle of Manila?
The Battle of Manila (February 3, 1945 – March 3, 1945)
"Drop That Kitty" is a song by American rapper Ty Dolla Sign, featuring English singer Charli XCX and American singer Tinashe, the  track was produced by Stargate and which Norwegian DJ, record producer, musician and turntablist, known professionally as who?
Cashmere Cat
What was the comedy-drama film based on a play by the first American woman appointed to a major ambassadorial post abroad called?
The Women
The third co-star accompanying Fernanda Castillo and Angelique Boyer in "Teresa" was born where?
Buenos Aires, Argentina
 The Front for the Liberation of Zimbabwe was announced in a city with an elevation of what?
about 1279 m
Owen Martin O'Hagan was a former member of an army which emerged in what year?
1969
Ashley Rolfe is one of the United States Air Force female fighter pilots who qualified to fly McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, is an American twin-engine, all-weather tactical fighter aircraft designed by McDonnell Douglas, now which organization, to gain and maintain air supremacy in aerial combat?
Boeing
What is the name of this district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, whose capital is a township well known for its agricultural activities?
Offinso North District
The mall in Ghana, in which Silverbird Theater is located, was commissioned in what year?
2008
In which county is this census-designated place, (CDP) where Whaleman Foundation is based, located?
Maui County
"Star Wars" canon is the depiction of "Star Wars" storylines and characters considered officially canon to the franchise by its owner, Lucasfilm Ltd. LLC, an American film and television production company based in the Letterman Digital Arts Center in which city in California?
San Francisco
What type of dramatic work does Tom Bosley and Fiorello! have in common?
musical
In what year was Clara Clemens first husband born?
1878
No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film with an American actress best known for her multiple roles on what FX anthology series?
American Horror Story
Were Helen Fielding and Camilo José Cela both English?
no
Bryan Greenberg was in the 2011 comedy film directed by whom?
Will Gluck
What is the year of birth of the woman who inspired the opera Midnight Son?
1955
What character did the actress that plays Mel's niece play in Days of Our Lives?
Mia McCormick
This American variety/sketch comedy starring Vicki Lawrence also starred what actor known for his role of Steve Trevor on "Wonder Woman"?
Lyle Wesley Waggoner
Shayaa Bin Abraham-Joseph, an American rapper, is better known by his stage name 21 Savage, title of his debut studio album?
Issa Album
The company who produces AutoSketch is headquartered in which state?
California
Time Out's 100 best British films was topped by a film adapted from a short story by which author ?
Daphne du Maurier
Tim Lambesis and Graeme Strachan, both are in the music industry?
yes
Maurandya and Matteuccia, both are located in this country?
United States
Carl Mathew Theodore "Ted" Sundquist II was promoted to General Manager by the majority owner of an NFL team who along with his family purchased the team from who?
Edgar Kaiser
The Eastern Congo Initiative was started by which CEO of williamsworks?
Whitney Williams
What film was Céline Buckens involved in that involved one of the co-founders of DreamWorks Studios?
War Horse
Charlie Williams was traded for someone nicknamed as what?
The Say Hey Kid
What actor was a former member of a band that collaborated with Manic Street Preachers to create the song Futurology?
Rhys Ifans
how is 2001 Australian Grand Prix and Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit connected?
race
Beauty and the Beast, is an American musical romantic fantasy film,released in which year, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Stanley Tucci, an American character actor, writer, producer and film director?
2017
Where was the 32nd installment of the event held at, that singer of her fifth studio album, "1989" led the nominations with a total of ten?
Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles
Between Chinua Achebe and Rachel Carson, who had more diverse jobs?
Chinua Achebe
Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire
Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire
What year was the designer of Bathyscaphe Trieste, Auguste Piccard born?
1884
Do Elfriede Jelinek and Sherman Alexie share the same nationality ?
no
Ryongam Station is located in which part of the Korean Peninsula?
the northern part
Who released the song before "Out of the Woods" on the album "1989" to radio? 
Republic Records
Which actor has starred in Hardcore as well as directed and acted in over 1,800 pornographic films?
Mr. Marcus
The Critics Group was under the direction of an English folk singer who passed away in what year ?
1989
Where is the club based on in which Rúben Barcelos De Sousa Lameiras plays as a midfielder?
Plymouth, Devon, England
Pacific Fibre competed with the trans-Pacific network of communications that was commissioned in what year?
2000
Who's death stopped His Imperial Majesty's Own Chancellery?
Alexander I of Russia
What is the name of this fourth studio album by an English rock band, released in May 1969, whose lyrics were adapted from Sonny Williamson's lyrics?
Tommy
The Brazilian Federal Government was inspired by the official United States of America motto on dollar bills; what unofficial motto did this replace?
E pluribus unum
Rob Riggle had a comedic role in the 2009 film directed by whom?
Todd Phillips
Who is the publisher of American comic books in which Valeria Meghan Richards, a fictional character appears in?
Marvel Comics
Drew Daywalt and Mikael Salomon, share which common industry?
filmmaker
When band has more members, Brand New or The Dodos?
Brand New
Progressive Corporation that featured commercials by Corwin C. Tuggles was founded in what year?
1937
Tobias “Toby” Gad is best known for co-writing which song by American singer John Legend from his fourth studio album "Love in the Future" (2013)?
All of Me
Croton and Artanema are both a what?
genus
Who is Jorge Zorreguieta's daughter married to?
King Willem-Alexander
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is an American adult animated parody talk show, created by which American television producer and the senior executive vice president in charge of Adult Swim at Williams Street?
Mike Lazzo
The group of people Eka Darville's father descended from first arrived in Jamaica in what year?
1513
2014 Dally M Awards was awarded to two in a tie of votes, one of which born 15 February 1988 and known for what?
Australian professional rugby league player
ROH 13th Anniversary Show took place at a hotel and casino owned and operated by Boyd Gaming on what date in 2015?
March 1
Name the New York Italian-American mobster, also known as Chin, in the American Mafia who was boss of the Genovese crime family from 1981 to 2005, replacing Don Vito Genovese but continuing to operate from and with the Greenwich Village Crew?
Vincent Gigante
How many assaults were there in the battle that Thomas E. McCall received the Medal of Honor for his actions during?
four
"SpongeBob's Last Stand" is the 134th overall episode of an American animated television series created by who ?
Stephen Hillenburg
Drug of Choice is a novel written by John Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange, was originally published in which year, Crichton was an American best-selling author, screenwriter, film director and producer best known for his work in the science fiction, medical fiction and thriller genres?
1970
Are Quietdrive and Charlotte Gainsbourg both based out of the US?
no
Who was born in 1926 and stared in The Errand Boy?
Jerry Lewis
The Human League are an English synth-pop band formed in Sheffield in 1977, the album contained four hit singles, including which UK/US number one hit, a single by British synthpop group The Human League, released on 27 November 1981 as the fourth single from their third studio album "Dare" (1981)?
Don't You Want Me
Kanemaki Jisai and Sasaki Kojirō were both a what of respective fields of study?
master
What is the born name of guitarist (formerly bassist) of the band, one of whose founding members is Chris Holmes?
Steven Edward Duren
Are both Stone Temple Pilots and Transvision Vamp considered American rock groups?
no
How many regular season games did the man who wrote Personal Foul: A First-Person Account of the Scandal That Rocked the NBA officiate?
772
Romance Theatre is a 30-minute American anthology television series produced for first-run syndication by Courtship Productions, guest stars included which American actress, author and philanthropist whose career spanned six decades of television?
Doris Roberts
Royal Crescent is a crescent-shaped terrace of houses has been placed on what?
Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest
Who played more seasons in teh National Basketball Association, Scooter McCray or Rodney McCray?
Rodney Earl McCray
The London, Kentucky micropolitan area is made up of how many counties, in the Eastern Kentucky Coalfield, the part of the Central Appalachian bituminous coalfield, including all or parts of 30 Kentucky counties?
three
During Maine gubernatorial election, 1956, which candidate ran, who later on ran for Vice President of the United States?
Edmund Muskie
Rose Gray had an influence on the celebrity chef of what nationality?
English
How far is the village located from Central London between which and Potters Barthe viillage Ridge is situated?
18.7 miles
Were Ibn Tufail and Abū Ja'far al-Khāzin both from Iran?
no
Madden NFL 08 is an American football video game based on the NFL that was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon, it features the former Tennessee Titans Vince Young on the cover, Vincent Paul Young Jr. (born May 18, 1983) is an American football player, plays which position, who is currently a free agent?
quarterback
For what Primier League club does the central midfielder who marketed Puma evoPOWER play?
Chelsea
 An actor who is best known for his role as David Ruffin in The Temptations, also appeared in a 1993 American comedy sports film that was directed by who?
Jon Turteltaub
What type of media does Hairspray and Zac Efron have in common?
film
What american comedy drama film about a titular dog includes actress Ann Dowd?
Marley & Me
In the US Senate, in 2012, who replaced an American veterinarian and former politician based in Las Vegas, Nevada?
Dean Heller
What year was the high school attended by Ray Romero founded?
1929
Who did the man that Bruce Gordon played in "The Untouchables" succeed as boss?
Capone
"Lights Down Low" is a song written and recorded by American recording artist and reality television personality Jessie James Decker, the song, was inspired by Decker's relationship with her husband, who, which American football wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL)?
Eric Decker
Who was born first out of  Renny Harlin and Tarsem Singh?
Renny Harlin
The Granddaughter of  Princess Emma of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym was queen of where
Netherlands
Which writer won the Pulitzer Prize, David Mamet or Haruki Murakami?
David Alan Mamet
What month did General cook resume his campaign in the battle that took place near Busby, Montana?
August
Eat to Live is a book that was written bt Dr, Joel Fuhrman which advocates what diet?
micronutrient-rich diet
What county in Kentucky has a population over 43,000 and has Kentucky Route 46 run through it?
Nelson County
What was founded first, Death Cab for Cutie or P.O.D.?
P.O.D.
Hans Hermann Junge, was a German SS officer who served as aide-de-camp and valet to who, and was married to Traudl Junge, he worked as Adolf Hitler's last private secretary from December 1942 to April 1945
Adolf Hitler
Which astronaut was born first, Ulf Merbold or Vladimír Remek?
Ulf Dietrich Merbold
What geologist opped the transmutation of species theory and was born in November 1797?
Charles Lyell
Obsession starred the actor who got his first training at what theatre?
National Youth Theatre
What does the short form of  a sequel to the Harry Potter parody musical "A Very Potter Musical"?
AVPS
Which of the groups Circa Survive and Oasis was founded first ?
Oasis
Jixi and Fushun, are located in which country?
People's Republic of China
What is the name of the lead designer of a pulp role-playing game published by Evil Hat Productions who also contributed to Dungeons & Dragons?
Rob Donoghue
Gnarls Biggie is a mashup album created in the same vein as an album featuring what two surviving Beatles?
Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr
Which American musician wrote "I Can Dream About You" and contributed to "Never Forget"? 
Dan Hartman
"Truth and Advertising" is the ninth episode of the nineteenth season and the 266th overall episode of twhich animated television series, written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker?
South Park
Are Hellebore and Aethionema from the same flowering plant families?
no
Who owned the stadium at which 2016 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony was held? 
Rio de Janeiro state government
The Big Rock Ski Area in Mars Hill, Maine is located near which Canadian province?
New Brunswick, Canada
Which American global medical device company is headquartered in Little Canada, Minnesota?
St. Jude Medical
This American talk show host and comedian was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1987, awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992, and traveled to Mexico to obtain what?
A divorce
Which English actor starred in Cabin Pressure 
Roger William Allam
To which taxonomical category do both Indigofera and Lysimachia belong?
genus
Which plant genus, Cleyera or Clintonia was named after De Witt Clinton?
Clintonia
Lourdes Gray Wolves' Athletic Conference is headquartered where?
in Livonia, Michigan
Lifford Bridge, is a cross-border bridge on the A38 connecting with the N15, spanning the River Foyle which marks the border between Strabane, a town in West Tyrone, Northern Ireland, in which county?
County Donegal
The 'Taj Mahal' represents the finest and most sophisticated example of Mughal architecture, an architectural style developed by who, in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries throughout the ever-changing extent of their empire in Medieval India?
Mughals
Where is the female star in film sunshine from
British
What time of day does the CNN program hosted by a journalist born on March1, 1966 air?
late evening program
Who was the presenting sponsor at the race where Jeff Wood drove for Dan Gurney?
Nissan/Datsun
The Celebrity Apprentice 6, is which numbered installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice", which premiered on Sunday, March 3, 2013, a cast member is Omarosa Manigault and the only previous winner, is an American political aide in the White House, and is the director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison for the Trump administration? 
sixth
For which team did Alex Guerrero, who currently runs his own brand management company for athletes including American football safety Tyrann Devine Mathieu, and a football offensive and defensive lineman sign for as an undrafted free agent in 2006?
Kansas City Chiefs
Asasio Lolofakangalo Heimuli coached Mark Richard Hunt in which sport?
He has coached many notable people including Mark Hunt (MMA)
The book on which the film The Diary of Anne Frank was based was written in what language?
Dutch
 Since 2017 Nick Ayers has been Chief of Staff to a man that served as governor of what state?
Indiana
Are René Clément and Fernando Meirelles both directors ?
yes
Alpesh Patel produces and directs episodes of what series that premiered on January 9, 2008, and ended on April 4, 2012?
Ghost Hunters International
Valley of Blood is a science fiction motion picture, now believed to be owned by Turner Classic Movies, an American movie-oriented basic cable and satellite television network owned by the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary of what company?
Time Warner
What deity is the Mesoamerican counterpart of the Aztec god Q'uq'umatz?
Quetzalcoatl
What is the birth date of the professional boxer who was only one of two people to professionally beat Steven "Steve" Luevano?
June 30, 1983
Junket Whore and Diana's Hair Ego, share which characteristics?
documentary film
Is Henry Schein the founder of "Keurig Green Mountain"?
no
Which type of accordion was played by Vladislav Zolotaryov?
bayan
Which actor from Jurassic Park assisted David Henry Hwang direct his 1993 play
BD Wong
Which star of "Benaam" was also in "Zanjeer"?
Amitabh Bachchan
Which canal is longer, the Shinnecock Canal or the Wiconisco Canal?
The Wiconisco Canal
This pair of GP2 Series motor races supported a Formula One motor race won by what driver?
Nico Rosberg
For someone who is currently in office, what honorific prefix is used to address the individual.
The Honourable
How old was the Spanish actress who provides financial support for the Sahara International Film Festival when she made her acting debut? 
16
Viktor Lutze became commander of the Sturmabteilung after succeeding a man who was executed in what event?
Night of the Long Knives
Which city in the region of Apulia in southern Italy is Cesare Braico born in 
Brindisi
Where was the team that Rick Peckham served as the play-by-play announcer from 1984-1995 originally based?
Boston
When was the league that includes the team HC Dynamo Moscow founded?
2008
What do Joseph Kosinski and Harold Young have in common?
director
How many Westin hotels are located in the site the Galleria Office Towers are located in?
two
The Border Surrender and The Wombats, both are what type of English music group?
rock band
Who was the barman that named a drink after the first person to walk on the moon?
invented cocktails
The media regained interest in murderer Victor Feguer after the execution of the domestic terrorist who killed 168 people in which commonly called act?
Oklahoma City bombing
What racer won a race at the 2001 Target Grand Prix of Chicago survived one of the racing sport's biggest accidents in Fort Worth Texas, in 2003?
Kenny Bräck
In which year did this American Baptist minister and civil rights attorney notorious for his vehement anti-homosexual rhetoric, who became a target for Biotic Baking Brigade's pie throwing activity, die?
2014
Everybody's Got Somebody but Me was written by the country music singer signed to what label?
Atlantic Records Nashville
Villareal CF holds home games in a stadium formerly known by what name?
El Madrigal
Which University did the writer of the Simpsons episode New Kid on the Block attend ?
Harvard University
Which film, The Trials of Henry Kissinger or 4 Little Girls, was directed by Spike Lee?
4 Little Girls
Which movie both grossed worldwide $55.4 million dollars and utilized a unique theatrical device called "sniff cards"? 
Rugrats Go Wild
When did the location of The 2016 iHeartRadio Music Award open?
December 30, 1967
What is the name of the urinal in the stadium that served as the main stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 1964 Summer Olympic Games?
Sanistand
Is Coastal Carolina Regional Airport a public airport or Fresno Yosemite International Airport, a joint civil-military public airport located in Craven County, North Carolina?
Coastal Carolina Regional Airport
Where was William Haviland born?
Kingdom of Ireland
What do The American Jewess and Hänt Extra have in common?
magazine
Which British racing driver came third in 2016 Pau Grand Prix
George Russell
Award Winning Multi Camera Director of live music and events, James Russell, has recorded live music performances from a range of artists including Editors.  What was Editors previously known as?
Pilot, The Pride and Snowfield
Tyrone Mears, is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for which team, in Major League Soccer, his previous clubs include Burnley F.C., a professional association football club based in Burnley, Lancashire?
Atlanta United
 What is the other profession of Jung Yong-hwa's costar, who is considered the one of most prolific actresses of her age in South Korea?
singer
Auto-Ordnance Company developed a sub-machine gun invented by who ?
John T. Thompson
What university did the Kings player with an injured foot attend?
University of Oklahoma
What country is the bank that filed a lawsuit against WikiLeaks located in?
Switzerland
What sports show did the hockey player born on January 26, 1961 co-host?
100 Greatest of All Time
What former NBA player missed the first 22 games for the Miami Heat in 1997?
Alonzo Mourning
Who stars in the Channel 4 sitcom written by Jesse Armstrong?
David Mitchell and Robert Webb
Which band dabbled in Grunge, Seaweed or X?
Seaweed
Which of the two, Frank Henenlotter or D.W. Kann has need on the film industry for nearly 20 years? 
D.W. Kann
What regime was represented internationally by the woman who the DFS Sperber Junior was designed for?
Nazi
Concepts of Physics was by which Indian experimental physicist?
Harish Chandra Verma
New Hampshire Route 43 runs to Northwood in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, from where?
Candia
Are Verona and Happy Mondays both from Greater Manchester? 
no
Perro de Presa Canario and Finnish Spitz, are a breed of what?
dog
 The Darkest Minds is an upcoming science fiction thriller film starring an American actress best known for her portrayal of Rue in what film?
The Hunger Games
Krista Detor''s music has been featured on the BBC with a singer known as what?
The Rochdale Cowboy
What was the duck character's name in the Disney cartoon with the music that sounded like The Mexican Hat Dance?
Donna
Where does the team that Mikel González plays in have their home games? 
La Romareda
In a series based on comics from what publisher did Ogie H. Banks III  play Miles Morales?
Marvel Comics
Jared Taylor is the founder of a white supremacist magazine published by which foundation ?
the New Century Foundation
Sylvania is a fictional land of dark forests in the "Warhammer Fantasy" which is home to vampires, ghouls, and other beings, Warhammer Fantasy is a high fantasy fictional universe created by who?
Games Workshop
Which character, played by Angus Macfadyen, was an America colonial frontiersman?
Robert Rogers
Who was born first, Tony Kaye or Deepa Mehta?
Deepa Mehta
Someone Like You is a collection of stories by a notable author who sold how many copies of his books?
250 million
Which magazine was published first, Vice Versa or Woman's Day?
Woman's Day
Dave Rimington's alma mater is one of how many schools to win over 800 football games?
ten
What type of mines are Dome Mine and Camlaren Mine in Canada?
gold mine
Who directed a 2011 British-American film in which Frank Anthony Grillo appeared?
Joe Carnahan
What corporation owns the sponsor of the Cork Athletic Union League?
Heineken International
Austrofascism had a leader who was which Austrian Christian Social and Patriotic Front statesman born on October 4, 1892?
Engelbert Dollfuss
Where is Kurt S. Browning currently serving as Superintendent of Schools, named for Samuel Pasco?
Pasco County, Florida
Varun Khaitan, an Indian entrepreneur and co-founder of UrbanClap, an e-commerce platform that connects local service providers with customers who are in need of their services, he was featured on a list of "30 Under 30", for which Indian edition of "Forbes" which is managed by the large Raghav Bahl-owned media conglomerate, Network 18?
Forbes India
In 1903, a Great Plains native American tribe brought a case against the government, what was the case named?
Lone Wolf v. Hitchcock
"This Is What You Came For" is a song by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris, Rihanna and Harris had previously collaborated on her sixth studio album, called what, which included the international chart-topper "We Found Love"?
Talk That Talk
Who is known as an American film director, Irvin Willat or Ted Kotcheff? 
Irvin Willat
What was the american actor wife's name, who performed with gothic bands Requiem in White, and what an editor of  an American animated television series that was created by Christopher McCulloch that premiered on Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim?
Lisa Hammer
What star of "Kandireega" also starred in "Bogan"?
Hansika Motwani
Who is an English boxing manager and promoter, who promoted a series of boxing matches on 30 March 2007, held at Metro Radio Arena ?
Frank Warren
Secret Admirer is a teen romantic comedy film starring an American actress who collaborated with her husband on what film?
Battlefield Earth
Which female actress appeared in both "The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot" and "Doctor Who"?
Jenna Coleman
Who played the title character role in the 1984 film version of the action-adventure video game published by Lucas Arts in 2003?
Harrison Ford
What town that is often abbreviated to Herts, houses Bishop's Stortford?
Hertfordshire ( ; often abbreviated Herts)
What is the land area of the city in which Davao Central High School is located?
2,443.61 km2
In what county is the university at which Walter Oechel teaches located?
San Diego County
Les Claypool and Cho Kyuhyun, are American?
no
What actor gained notice for her role as Allison MacKenzie in the television soap opera "Peyton Place" and starred in a 1971 British psychological horror-thriller film?
Mia Farrow
Gokigen Naname is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by what Japanese publisher that was established in 1980, and became prominent worldwide with the popularity of Sudoku?
Nikoli Co., Ltd.
What region of Tennessee is Embreeville located in?
East Tennessee
The Lady and the Highwayman was based on a novel by which English author?
Dame Mary Barbara Hamilton Cartland
Which 2006 Mana is a meant to be a sequal of a 1870 French science fiction Novel.
Captain Nemo
Which American former professional baseball left fielder is  Bobby Bonds son 
Barry Lamar Bonds
Who recorded "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and started in Racing Blood?
Jimmy Boyd
In what year was the publisher of the first English translation of "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" born?
1866
In what year did the studio analyst win the Southwest Conference with the Texas A&M football team?
1985
Are Brigitte and Family Health magazines from the same country?
no
The Newark Airport Exchange is at the northern edge of an airport that is operated by whom?
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey
What is the name of the song Romanthony collaborated with Daft Punk on that was released in November of 2000?
One More Time
Mary Jo Kopechne, was an American teacher, secretary, and political campaign specialist who died in a car accident at Chappaquiddick Island on July 18, 1969, while she was a passenger in a car being driven by U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy, it was the result of U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy's negligence and resulted in the death of his 28-year-old companion, Mary Jo Kopechne, who was trapped inside the vehicle, the event occurrence is known as what?
Chappaquiddick incident
Dickens of London is a 1976 television miniseries from Yorkshire Television based on the life of English novelist Charles Dickens, Dickens and his father John were played by which British actor known for his Tony Award-winning Broadway performance in the revival of "A Moon for the Misbegotten"?
Roy Dotrice
Which documentary was released first,  Fambul Tok or American Hardcore?
American Hardcore
What was the introduction date of this line of Macintosh portable computers, introduced in conjunction with the MagSafe?
January 2006
Which of the following cities hosts a population of 783,478: Xinzheng or Jiaozhou City?
Jiaozhou
When was the book translated by Jaana Kapari-Jatta that features notes supposedly handwritten by Harry, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger published?
2001
Which television series features considerable use of special effects? 
Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger
Is the Outpost Island Mine and Jolly Jack's Lost Mine mines?
yes
In which year was the mission founded where Father José Barona, performed his first baptism in San Diego ?
1769
Lauri Markkanen, is a Finnish basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA), in the 2017 NBA draft, he was taken by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 7th overall pick before being included in a trade to the Chicago Bulls for which American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves?
Jimmy Butler
Which young adult dystopian science fiction novel by James Dashner was published in 2010?
The Scorch Trials
Diagonal Norte is a station located near a national historic monument erected in what year?
1936
This 1960 football team coached by Bud Wilkinson played their home games at a stadium that following renovations makes it the second largest stadium in what?
the Big 12 Conference
Linyi and Meizhou are prefecture-level cities in what country?
China
Which skater is older, Maxim Viktorovich Marinin or Tatiana Ivanovna Totmianina?
Maxim Viktorovich Marinin
Did both Allen Drury and John Gardner win a Pulitzer Prize?
no
What Shakespearean play named after a King of the Britons recorded by the medieval scribe Geoffrey of Monmouth included a character  considered a villain, obsessed with power and overthrowing her elderly father?
King Lear
Are the University of Daytona and Wayne State University both research universities?
yes
The quarterback sacked by Trey Flowers in Super Bowl LI went to what college?
Boston College
Yas Taalot recorded a song with which former member of A Perfect Circle?
Twiggy Ramirez
Belle Vue, Manchester borders a meto borough name after what river?
River Tame
Who is the Lituanian businessman, politician and philanthropist that leads The Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Union?
Ramūnas Karbauskis
Percy Izzard was a correspondent for which middle-market tabloid?
Daily Mail
What animated show on Cartoon Network did Wil Wheaton have a role in? 
Ben 10
What is the birthdate of this American former suburban housewife convicted of murder, who was played by Meredith Ann Baxter in the 1992 TV film about her?
November 7, 1947
Are both Samuel Aroutiounian and Gary Braver professors at  Northeastern University?
no
Do Bob Hope Airport and Duluth International Airport have a direct rail connection to downtown Los Angeles? 
no
İstanbul Toy Museum and Cistern of Mocius, are located in which country?
Turkey
Rahzel released a second album using a unique talent which involves what?
a form of vocal percussion primarily involving the art of mimicking drum machines
Norberto Martin was the hitting coach for th team in which league?
Pioneer League
The Northfield railway line formerly brought meat out of the abattoirs from which suburb north of Adelaide?
Gepps Cross
What Beauty Shop actor also had a starring role in the movie Footloose?
Kevin Bacon
In which persons name the Avoca Lodge is known who is the wife of James Joseph Brown and "RMS Titanic" survivor?
Molly Brown
Who wrote songs for Kentucky music Hall of Fame artist
Max Martin
Who was born in Seattle, Washington and headlined at Openair Frauenfeld? 
Macklemore
Going Solo is a memoir by Roald Dahl, first published by Jonathan Cape in London in 1986, he eventually joined the war as a squadron pilot in the Royal Air Force, flying which British single-seat fighter aircraft of the 1930s–1940s that was designed and predominantly built by Hawker Aircraft Ltd for the Royal Air Force (RAF)?
Hawker Hurricane
Who's brother is a Cuban mixed martial artist (MMA)?
Yoan Pablo Hernández Suárez
Who directed the 2004 film Jérôme Kircher was in?
Jean-Pierre Jeunet
What is the nationality of the actress who narrated The Runaway Bunny in a GPRecords recording?
Welsh
Jason Kent Bateman, is an American actor, director, and producer, and began acting on television in the early 1980s on "Little House on the Prairie", and had a starring role in Paul, a 2011 science fiction road comedy film, directed by who?
Greg Mottola
What nationality is the man who beat Jared Hess in the middleweight tournament?
Cuban-Australian
Looking Glass Rock is administered by who?
the United States Forest Service
 Chairmen of the Bored is an album that references a joke made by a cast member of what series?
Saturday Night Live
Were Claude Autant-Lara and Frank Henenlotter both film directors?
yes
Dangerous Minds is an American drama television series that is based on the motion picture that starred an American actress, singer, and producer whose first leading role was in what musical film?
Grease 2
Siamese Ponds Wilderness Area is a unit of the Forest Preserve in what northeastern US state?
New York
"Hey Bulldog" appeared on an album that was produced by who?
George Martin
In 1992 Tom and Ray Magliozzi won a Peabody Award for their show on what topic?
automobiles and automotive repair
In which year was the film from which the television of the series of the same name (which debuted later on Crackle on 16 March 2017) released?
2000
What musical based on Federico Fellini's semi-autobiographical film "8½" did Mary Stuart Masterson star in?
Nine
Meng Jia is a Chinese singer and actress mostly active in South Korea and China, and part of what South Korean girl group based in South Korea formed by JYP Entertainment in 2010?
Miss A
Highway 1 and the Kandahar–Herat Highway are both located in what country?
Afghanistan
What is the nationality of the director of "The New World"?
American
What is the original name of the brothel at the Wild Horse Adult Resort & Spa that is separate from the Wild Horse Ranch brothel?
Mustang Bridge Ranch
Which hotel, the Palms Casino Resort or Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, has a recording studio and is located near the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino?
Palms Casino Resort
Which seems more interesting, Bralorne or Lost McLeod Mine?
Lost McLeod Mine.
Sharon Thomas' children include an AMerican actor who is known for his role as Superman, and for being the host of what show?
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
When was the American drama television series which Peter Horton played ole of Professor Gary Shepherd on aired 
from 1987 to 1991
What is the seating capacity of the stadium at which the final of the 2009–10 Heineken Cup pool stage was held?
81,338
Do the Macuá and Bourbon Lancer both use rum?
no
The actress that plays the title role in "The Snow Queen"  won her first Emmy Award in what year?
1996
Who is the owner of the magazine the featured Beatie Wolfe  as one of 22 changing the world ?
Condé Nast
What record company released a musical with music by Burton Lane and a book by Alan Jay Lerner?
Mercury Records
Mark Masons' Hall in London is on the opposite of which palace??
St James's Palace
Niels Peter Louis-Hansen owns one-fifth of a medical device company that does what?
develops, manufactures and markets medical devices and services related to ostomy, urology, continence, and wound care
What was the name of the man who led the capture of the fort formerly called Fort Carillon?
Ethan Allen
The 2007 Georgie Bulldogs football team won what bowl game in New Orleans?
2008 Sugar Bowl
Who was born first James Whale or Prince?
James Whale
What private research university did the opera Trouble in Tahiti make it's first performance?
Brandeis University
What franchise produced by Illumination Entertainment has Dana Gaier as Edith? 
Despicable Me
What was the population in the 2010 census of the town that owns Dexter Regional Airport ? 
3,895
Who wrote the song recorded by Johnny Cash?
Billy Hayes
What film from the 2000s featured the actor who voiced olaf?
A Dog's Purpose
What South Korean entertainment company released the song "Blood Sweat & Tears" by South Korean boy group BTS?
Big Hit Entertainment
Ralph Smart was a film and television director. Is Deepa Mehta also a film director?
yes
What is the name of the man who had an affair with Sancha of Aragon?
Giovanni Borgia
Interstate City is a live album by an American born in what year?
1955
Which networks aired the show Ian Petrella was known for as Randy Parker?
TNT and/or TBS
What is the name of the limit that was named in honour of the person who was honoured by having the number that represents the number of protons named after him?
Eddington limit
When was the band which released Under the Blacklight formed?
1998
Chris Renaud and Harry Lachman, are both what?
American
The captain of the Pakistani cricket team in Zimbabwe in 1992-93 was born in what year?
1966
Which corporation housed in Southpointe publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer?
ANSYS, Inc.
What 2012 film by Eon Productions earned Javier Bardem multiple Best Supporting Actor nominations?
Skyfall
what is the name of the man who was made a baron by the Swedish king in 1694 and also is thought to have authored “ales Anecdotes de Suede”?
Samuel von Pufendorf
How many feature films has the actor who plays a young American man in the movie Before Sunrise, directed?
two
What kind of study does Ryerson University and University of California, Riverside have in common?
public research
3 Idiotas is a 2017 Mexican coming of age comedy-drama, which is a remake of which 2009 Indian coming of age comedy-drama film co-written, edited, and directed by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra?
3 Idiots
Among New Empire and Deftones who was doing metal band?
Deftones
Which footballer was substituted for by Dave McEwen and is the eighth highest scorer in the Premier League?
Leslie "Les" Ferdinand MBE
A global hospitality and entertainment company operates destination resorts including Bellagio, and a luxyry resort on the Las Vegas Strip, that is how many stories?
43-story
Are Berchemia and Howea both genus of plants?
yes
The actor of character Professor Filius Flitwick played what character in "Return of the Jedi"?
Wicket W. Warrick
What do Mary Ramsey and Justin Hawkins have in common?
singer
The Declaration of Independent Filmmaking detailed the making of the 2003 film directed by whom?
Michael Polish
Paul Edward Lowe (born September 27, 1936) is a retired American football halfback who played for which professional American football team based in the Greater Los Angeles Area?
Los Angeles Chargers
Who is a film director and live(d) the longest, Roy William Neill or Robert Butler?
Robert Butler
Where is the end of Pennsylvania Route 3 located?
1 Penn Square
Which of the Australian organized crime figure was on the infamous Melbourne-based criminal family of Irish ancestry, notable for their involvement in the Melbourne gangland killings?
Mark Anthony John Moran
Which English actress announced the nominations at the 67th British Academy Film Awards?
Helen McCrory
What continent was the Centro de Estudios Carlos Max founded in?
South America
Were Spring 1945 offensive in Italy and Battle of Chosin Reservoir both parts of World War II?
no
The Brewers traded Lorenzo Cain to Kansas City for a pitcher who currently plays for what team?
Arizona Diamondbacks
How many members where in the band that won a 2013 award show originally called the "Korea Visual and Records Grand Prize Award"?
seven-member
 Why was El Zorro de Ojinaga business partner known for?
laundering money via Colombia
What co-producer of My Friends Told Me About You worked on a biographical film about Ian Curtis?
Todd Eckert
Who is the Pakistani international cricketer who bowls fast left arm and also stars in Dil-e-Beqarar, a romantic television drama?
Junaid Khan
Who stars in the film "Going Under" that is a Welsh actor and director?
Roger Rees
What Canadian-American sex comedy film featured actors who went on to star in Up the Creek?
Porky's
What Pakistan Super League team plays at the stadium where Aftab Ahmed played against Hyderabad in November 1964
Karachi Kings
Which has more total area Xingping or Xianyang?
Xianyang
The "Battle of Old Trafford" is a name used by the British press to refer to a Premier League match played on Sunday, 21 September 2003, the name was later applied to the same fixture during the following season, The "Battle of the Buffet" is a name used by the British press to refer to a Premier League match played on which date?
24 October 2004
When was the album released from which three songs were included in the  Greatest Hits album?
April 24, 1989
Which case decided by the Supreme Court, the United States v. Virginia or Davis v. Beason. involved the First Amendment of the United States Constitution?
Davis v. Beason
The 1918 winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics was buried in what city?
Göttingen
The founder of Hi-n-Dry reformed, with other members of an alternative rock group that disbanded in 1999, into what new band?
Vapors of Morphine
What is the nationality of the actor who wrote, produced, and starred in "Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping" ?
American
 Facta Loquuntur was the first full length album ever released by a National Socialist black metal band sometimes called what?
Aryan black metal or neo-Nazi black metal
On what date did the world's largest low-cost carrier airline acquire AirTran?
May 2, 2011
The  Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park and the Timanfaya National Park are the properties of what country?
Spain
What is the nationality of the FIFA president who attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony for The Nicaragua National Football Stadium?
Swiss
The Downtown Oakland Historic Districit is part of what California County?
Alameda County
Lady Margarita Elizabeth Rose Alleyne Armstrong-Jones is the only daughter of an English furniture maker who is the grandson of who?
King George VI
John Stewart Kennedy was a member of the Jekyll Island Club alongside what Standard Oil co-founder?
William Rockefeller
What are the professions of Terry Hall and Joseph Williams?
singer
Are both University of Illinois system and Washington and Lee University located in Illinois?
no
Marié Digby an American singer, and songwriter, known for her acoustic cover version of which Rihanna song?
Umbrella
Who inspired a themed area included a dark ride attraction with the Kasvapan River?
James Cameron
what does Bill Duke and Li Yang have in common?
film
Where did Jarrett Schaefer debut his film about the murder of John Lennon?
2007 Sundance Film Festival
From where the American rock band evolve who's fourth studio album is Interpol?
New York City
The actor that plays Rajesh Koothrappali in the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" also stars with Vinay Virmani in a 2014 film directed by who?
Jean-François Pouliot
Who won one women's grand slam singles title at the US Open in 1990, Brian Gottfried or Gabriela Sabatini?
Gabriela Beatriz Sabatini
Which one is the sport running on a measured course Ice Breaker Road Race or Road running? 
Road running
Bloomfield, Montana is in the county that had a 2010 population of what?
8,966
Which football club that Matthew Powell played with is nicknamed the Crows?
The Adelaide Football Club
Alesha Dixon is a replacement judge for what past judge born on 22 May 1943? 
Arlene Phillips
The Jessica Simpson Collection initially launched in 2006 as a shoe collaboration with a man born in what year?
1936
which American musician has Loren Mazzacane Connors worked for 
Thurston Joseph Moore
What is the birthday of the rapper featured on the mixtape Crenshaw who goes by the name 9thmatic?
January 15, 1975
Jacoby Shaddix and Chris Robinson, is which nationality?
American
Which film starring Oleg Yankovsky did Andrei Tarkovsky direct after "The Sacrifice"?
Nostalghia
University of Notre Dame and Northwestern University, are both which type of university?
research
Trond Andersen is a former Norwegian footballer, who played professional for a football club founded when?
19 June 1911
What is the nationality of the highest wicket taker inTwenty20 International cricket?
Pakistani
Which singer from the Almanac Singers was also blacklisted during the McCarthy Era?
Peter Seeger
British Asia Airways is a subsidiary of an airline with its main hub in which airport ?
London Heathrow Airport
What are the two branches of Robert D. Braun's career field? 
aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering
Amir Zeyada beat which highly rated professional Surinamese-Dutch professional boxer and former kickboxer and mixed martial artist born in 1985?
Tyrone Spong
Was Andrew Lau, or Keisuke Kinoshita, born first?
Keisuke Kinoshita
How many people in total were killed in the same shooting that took the life of Garry  Purdham?
12
Who produced the movie in which Wallace Shawn voiced Rex?
Pixar Animation Studios
Mark Hughes is an English football manager, whose management history includes the Manchester City Football Club, and what other club?
Stoke City
Which city in Louisiana is closest to the Air Force Base that was the last assignment of the 62d Bombardment Squadron.
Bossier City
Which war's humanitarian crisis does the novel calls attention to where the novel is set against the backdrop of chaotic East Congo and the author has worked for both the Security Service and the Secret Intelligent Service?
Congo War
Fuck is an English-language word most often used in an obscene way; this word is used in the phrase Khuy Voynel which is what language for "Fuck War"?
Russian
Billy Collins teaches at a campus in which city and state?
Southampton, New York
Which genus has more species, Bursera or Ipomoea?
Ipomoea
What year did the subject of The Aurora Encounter reportedly occur?
1897
The Gooden Grant House is a historic house in a town with how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
73
Which community in Cherokee County, Kansas sits at the elevation of 932 feet?
Turck
Corinne Cléry (born 23 March 1950), also known as Corinne Piccolo, is a French actress, she is known for which 1975 Franco-German erotic drama film directed by Just Jaeckin?
The Story of O
Geoffrey Roy Rush won a Academy Award and BAFTA Award among others for his performance in a film based on the life of what pianist?
David Helfgott
What is the name of the New York Italian-American mobster and was made the "new boss" of the Genovese crime family?
Vincent Gigante
The Australian Lightwing SP-4000 Speed is designed and produced by Australian Lightwing of a town that lies on the Richmond River and serves as a gateway to what?
Byron Bay
Breidis Prescott and Amir Khan are both?
professional boxer
What music genre that Peavey Bandit 112 is designed for has been called "one of America's original art forms"?
jazz
Kings Domain surrounds the reserve that incorporates the memorial located in what part of Melbourne?
St Kilda Road
Which artist worked on orchestral and chamber compositions, Armen Donelian or Edward Manukyan?
Edward Manukyan
Who was a part of S#arp, Lee Ji-hye or Curtis Wright?
Lee Ji-hye
Which non-EU microstate is a neighbour of the country which held an immigration referendum in February 2014?
Liechtenstein
Game 1 of the 2014 National League Championship Series was simulcast and hosted by a former Major League Baseball what?
outfielder
Roman Grill's clients include a pundit for BT Sport who won how many German league titles with Munich?
four
Name the director of the 1956 American science fiction horror film produced by Walter Wanger and whose plot elements were used in the fourth episode of the American animated television series 'South Park', called 'Goth Kids 3' which satirizes the goth, emo and vampire teen subcultures?
Don Siegel
What movie is a crime film focused on a former drug smuggler of the Medellin Cartel
American Made
Were both Fastbacks and Hüsker Dü formed in Saint Paul, Minnesota?
no
Are Ulf Merbold and Ernst Messerschmid both German?
yes
Are both Così fan tutte and Iphigénie en Aulide names of operas?
yes
What band performed the song "Jihad" about 9/11, and includes band member Tom Araya?
Slayer
In what city is the university that had Plato Andros's brother Dee Andros as the head football coach and athletic director?
Corvallis, Oregon
Which rock band was former first, Lunachicks or MC5?
MC5
Which is a hybrid species, Degarmoara or Lavandula?
Degarmoara
Between "7 and 7" and "B-52" which cocktail has more major ingredients?
B-52
The 1963 Ankara mid-air collision involved an airplane from a company with a head office in what city? 
Beirut
What episode of CW's American teen drama where Kristen Bell voiced the blogger featured Flo Rida's second single?
"Desperately Seeking Serena"
Which Swiss company is responsible for the manufacture of pin-and-lug cipher machines?
Crypto AG
Who were the founders of the socialist organisation that was once led by Dhoruba al-Mujahid bin Wahad?
Bobby Seale and Huey Newton
Which division is this collegiate athletic conference affiliated with that Hartford Hawks women's basketball team participated during their 2014-15 season?
NCAA Division I
When was the market which the Central Market BRT station is located outside of first constructed?
1937
Who is the  french  novelist that wrote The Hunchback  of Notre-Dame 
Victor Hugo
What year was the major record label, in which Orbit moved to in 1995, founded?
1962
Matching Tye is a village southeast of what civil parish in Hertfordshire?
Sawbridgeworth
There is a famous couple that criticized who at the convention held in the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania?
Donald Trump
Which cocktail Angel Face or Fish House Punch has the ingredient peach brandy?
Fish House Punch
Foreign diplomat Arthur Gardner was a close confident of our 34th president who served for what years?
1953 until 1961
The Social Democratic Party (SDP) formed in 1988 was a political party in the United Kingdom led by David Owen which lasted for?
only two years
What cover by Karmah samples The Police's chart-topping 1983 single?
"Just Be Good to Me"
Danny Cannon and Juan Antonio Bardem are both what?
director
Bryan Helmer is the VP of Hockey Operations for the professional ice hockey team based in which Pennsylvania city?
Hershey
Which martial artist advocates for consumption of a sugar substitute?
Dan Quinn
 The Lahore Qalandars are one of the five teams that had a competition in the debut season of a leauge whose first match was held at what stadium?
Dubai International Cricket Stadium
What was the first registered name of the man who proposed the hypothetical relationship between Ireland and the British Commonwealth?
George de Valero
What hotel (that was the largest in the world upon opening) was designed by Veldon Simpson?
MGM Grand Las Vegas
When is the American hard rock band which performed previously in Jovel Music Hall form
in 1967
Island in the Sun is a song on which band's quickest-selling album?
Weezer
Which actress in the movie Miss Firecracker also played in a movie based on a memoir titled "Letters of a Woman Homesteader"?
Amy Wright
Closer and Curve, is which type of publication?
magazine
Who has written the biography of Meriwether Lewis (August 18, 1774 – October 11, 1809) was an American explorer, soldier, politician, and public administrator?
Stephen Ambrose
Sparring with Hemingway was a book that included bouts with the undisputed champion of what weight class from 1980 to 1987?
middleweight
The Mills at Jersey Gardens, originally Jersey Gardens and later The Outlet Collection | Jersey Gardens is a two-level indoor outlet mall in Elizabeth, New Jersey, the mall opened on which date, and is the largest outlet mall in New Jersey, and much closer to New York City than its largest outlet mall competitor, Woodbury Common Premium Outlets?
October 21, 1999
Which of the competitors in the Strongman Champions League is a Lithuanian professional strongman?
Vytautas Lalas
San Diego NASL is a proposed American professional soccer team, club's founders include which professional footballer, who plays as a striker? 
Demba Ba
Have Danie Visser and Pieter Aldrich won the same number of Grand Slam titles ?
no
Is Brecon Cathedral in the same country as Portsmouth Cathedral?
no
Which cosmonaut, Franz Viehböck and Sigmund Jähn, visited the Mir space station in 1991 aboard Soyuz TM-13?
Franz Artur Viehböck
Al Joyner, husband of heptathlete Jackie Joyner-Kersee, was a gold medalist in which Olympic event in 1984?
triple jump
Who recorded one of the 2016 Guild of Music Supervisors Awards?
Dr. Dre
Where is an online computer hardware and software store of the Taiwanese-born American entrepreneur Fred Chang based? 
in City of Industry, California
Who has more occupational titles, Renny Harlin or Henry Koster?
Renny Harlin
Emmitt H. Ford was an uncle of former United States Congressman Harold Ford Jr., an American politician and author who served five terms in what as a member of the Democratic Party from 's 9 congressional district?
United States House of Representatives
What American interactive media company owned by The Walt Disney Company published The Jungle Book Groove Party?
Disney Interactive
Of the magazines Hemispheres and In These Times, which is published from Chicago, Illinois?
In These Times
Which university is located on the banks of the Brazos River, University of South Alabama or Baylor University? 
Baylor University
What single was released on May 22, 2012 is also a dance of the same name?
Harlem Shake
What was Branko Oblak's usual position before he became a manager for ND Crunce?
attacking midfielder or deep-lying playmaker
are Kongur Tagh and Shishapangma the same hight?
no
Which position was played on a football team by one of the two brothers?
Peter Rosenkrands Løvenkrands (born 29 January 1980) is a Danish former footballer who played mainly as a striker
What is the nationality of the director of "Green Hell"?
English
The song "Hallelujah" has been touted as the best song ever, who wrote "Hallelujah"?
Leonard Cohen
What genetic condition did the actor who died of a heart defect on the same day his character did have?
achondroplasia
What is the capital of the Middle Eastern country that boarders the Gaza strip and is home to the Dichagyris melanura?
Jerusalem
What occupation was shared by Perry Henzell and Sam Taylor?
director
The singer of a band which Joan Jett hosted a series of benefit concerts has what middle name?
Katherine
Who sang the song "SOS" on an album released on April 10, 2006? 
Rihanna
The Sussex Spaniel and English Cocker Spaniel are both what? 
dog
What state were both the Neon Boots Dancehall & Saloon and Gilley's Club located in?
Texas
Ralf Little played Jonny Keogh in a series that premiered in what year?
2001
Nicolás Cambiasso is the brother of which retired Argentine footballer?
Esteban Matías Cambiasso Deleau
What is one of the most notable features of the resort which replaced that which closed on January 26, 1993?
an 8 acre lake
What 1974 television special was a prequel to a 1978 television animated special, in which the 1978 special used the vocal talents of one of the members of "The Blues Brothers"
The Gift of Winter
What is the regions like where the Sisal species is located?
hot and arid
What other actress starred with American actress and scream queen Danielle Harris in the movie Wish Upon a Star?
Katherine Heigl
Are Puttanna Kanagal and Joshua Dugdale filmmakers?
yes
What is the similarity between the Irish Wolfhound and the Shih Tzu?
dog
The son of Wyatt Emory Cooper is a major correspondent for what show?
60 Minutes
In which city did this Australian rules football game involving the Collingwood Football Club where Shane Kerrison had replaced Alan Richardson took place?
Melbourne
Peter "Finn" Wittrock, Jr. made his film debut in a Disney Channel Original Movie that drew how many viewers for its premiere?
6.1 million
Comet is a wooden roller coaster at Hersheypark built by a company that was established in what year?
1904
What is the home ground for the team George Williams played for that is also known as WBA?
The Hawthorns
Which project did Gordon Kane, aka Victor Weisskopf and former Director Emeritus at the Michigan Center for Theoretical Physics, work on during the second World War?
Manhattan
What is the nationality of Ross C. Goodman's mother?
American
Which south eastern suburb in Adelaide, South Australia provided the bricks to build the Old Government House in Belair National Park?
Blackwood
Who directed the 1998 sports comedy that stars the Book of Mormon co-writer and co-director?
David Zucker
Prem Granth is a Hindi movie which was released in India, which star of the movie, is also known by her married name Madhuri Dixit Nene?
Madhuri Dixit
What does Widerstand and Ernst Jünger have in common?
German
University of South Alabama and University of the Philippines, are located in the United States?
no
The actor that played Chief Inspector Clouseau in "The Pink Panther" films co-stars with David Tomlinson in what 1958 comedy film?
Up the Creek
How many songs were on the album by XXXTentacion that included "Jocelyn Flores"  released?
11
The Kingdom of the Netherlands, known as the Netherlands. What Caribbean country is part of that?
Aruba
What English former football forward paraded trophies along with Alan Ball and Ray Wilson before the 1966 FA Charity Shield?
Roger Hunt
What British television series that is broadcast on ITV2 featured Ricky Champ in a 2016 episode? 
Plebs
Innocent Pictures is an independent film company that is known for the production of a film that was released in 2005, starred Gry Bay and Mark Stevens, and was directed by who?
Jessica Nilsson
Which one of Ted Gibson celebrity clients made her screen debut in an episode of "Law & Order"?
Zoe Saldana-Perego
What poems were written by the English poet William Wordsworth? 
Lyrical Ballads
What country of origin does Mad Season and The Used have in common?
American
Made in America is a 1993 American comedy film released on May 28, 1993 by Warner Bros., it was shot in various locations in Oakland, the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California, in which country?
United States
Where was Kearen Pang's first script set?
set in Macau
What is the population of the county with a weather transmitter in Emerald Hills?
9,117
Chikku Bhukku is based on a 2003 movie, which was directed by whom?
Kwak Jae-yong
What 1967 film starred George Claydon and Paul McCartney?
Magical Mystery Tour
Which college of the University of Oxford has a deer park and an endowment of over £180 million?
Magdalen College
What is the name of the father of a woman who sang a top 40 hit written by Kenny Young who also sang the 1966 hit "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"?
Frank Sinatra
How many kilometers of coastline does the land that the Malacoctenus hubbsi is native to have?
approximately 4000
What countries did Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse and Prince Christoph of Hesse family rule over?
Greece and Denmark
Clarence Hungerforf Webb studied which Caddoan culture sire 15 miles from the Mississippi River?
Poverty Point
Which was founded first? Georgia Tech Venture Lab, or Urjanet, Inc.?
Georgia Tech VentureLab
Do Highlights for Children and Fortune Magazines both have headquarters in New York City? 
no
Which Puerto Rican singer has a popular single with Daddy Yankee and began a tour in July, 2017 in Andujar Spain?
Luis Fonsi
Are Vertex Pharmaceuticals and Colgate-Palmolive both based in the United States?
yes
Are Lathyrus and Lyonothamnus both types of legume?
no
Who founded the news website where Suhasini Raj conducted Operation Duryodhana?
Aniruddha Bahal
Jennifer Lee made story contributions to the 3D-animated film produced by what studio?
Walt Disney Animation Studios
Previous guests of the Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference have included an American internet entrepreneur who was the co-founder and executive chairman of what business-oriented social network?
LinkedIn
The actress who played peg in  The Life and Death of Peter Sellers was born in which year ?
1941
King Chip and Kid Cudi, are both American recording artists, from which city?
Cleveland
Inteha was a film inspired by what American film starring Mark Wahlberg?
Fear
The actress that plays a teenage prostitue in "Taxi Driver" co-stars with Abigail Breslin and Gerard Butler in what 2008 film? 
Nim's Island
Cynfarch Oer, was probably a 6th-century king of the Sub-Roman realm of Rheged, was one of the kingdoms of the "Hen Ogledd" ("Old North"), the Brittonic-speaking region of what is now Northern England, and southern Scotland, during the post-Roman era, and which time period?
Early Middle Ages
The founding members of Bananarama were  Sara Dallin, Keren Woodward and this Irish musician born in what year?
1958
Both Cake and The The are what types of bands?
rock band
Are Echidnopsis and Lechenaultia both genuses of plants? 
yes
Where was the author of The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas born?
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
What was the 2010 census population of this united city-borough located on Baranof Island, from which the government of what was then the District of Alaska was moved in 1906?
8,881
first movie exhibited in the Ottoman Empire was translated from French into English as what?
The Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat Station
Joseph Gordon Levitt stared in which movie with Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger, and Larisa Oleunik.
10 Things I Hate About You
In what year did the star of "Le Mans" die?
1980
Natalia Rom was born in the same city as another Opera singer who passed away in which year ?
1938
What year was this song written, which is a Brazilian bossa nova jazz song and was a duet between Diana Krall and Rosemary Clooney on Brazil?
1962
In what year is was the director of the movie that Michael Tarn is best known for born?
1928
Navarone Anthony Garibaldi is the son of an American actress and business magnate who played in what long-running television series?
Dallas
Which rock music fusion genre is adopted by Christian metal band Embodyment on their fourth album?
Alternative metal
Rebound starred the television and stage actress of what nationality?
American
What Norse mythological figure is the basis for the lead female superhero in Fearless Defenders?
Brynhildr
Are both Simon Wincer and Mikael Salomon Australian film directors?
no
Rye House Stadium formerly held greyhound racing events as a venue near which London commuter belt town?
Hoddesdon
Which actor from "All My Children", also starred in western film The Peacemaker
James Mitchell
Coming of Age was cancelled in 2011 along with the comedy-drama that aired on which TV channel?
BBC Three
 I Love Lee Tae-ri starred the actor who left Super Junior in what year?
2009
What film directed by Kathryn Bigelow did Harold Perrineau star in?
Zero Dark Thirty
What two, Three letter companies made a series featuring the guy who killed Jesus.
BBC and HBO Films
Who is the writer and illustrator of the anime and manga series in which Rock Lee is a fictional character?
Masashi Kishimoto
Were V. C. Andrews and John Banville from the same country?
no
Antonio Martínez López (born 30 June 1997), commonly referred to as Toni Martínez, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club West Ham United, he has represented Spain at under-19 and the Spain national under-17 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by which organization, the governing body for football in Spain?
Royal Spanish Football Federation
What was the intended name of the magazine of Jane Pratt that was shut down in July 2007?
Betty
How many people does the city, in which Gerald Asamoah was born, have in the population?
42,037
When was the story by Lovecraft that the Xothic legend cycle is based on first published?
February 1928
What Chicago-based association's publication named Kurt Johnson's book "Nabokov's Blues" a "top 10 book in science" in 2000? 
American Library Association
Nathalie Kelley stared on what CW prime time television seriers other that "Dynasty"?
"The Vampire Diaries"
Who died more recently, Dorothy Parker or José Saramago?
José de Sousa Saramago
David Gwillim is known for playing Prince Hal in a series of British television adaptations of plays created by who?
Cedric Messina
In what year was the James Bond parody film produced by Mark Huffam released?
2003
What was the genre of a movie that was made in 1986, that had Rick Rossovich, tom Cruise, Kelly Mcgillis and Val Kilmer in it?
romantic military action drama
The River Bush's tributary, Saint Columb's Rill, is used to source which distillery in Northern Ireland?
Old Bushmills Distillery
F. Duerr & Sons Ltd. is an independent British manufacturer of jam, marmalade, peanut butter and preserves, based in Wythenshawe, an area of what country?
England
Make a Wish was a movie starrin Basil Rathbone, where was he born?
South African-born
Was Shayang County or Enping formerly romanized?
Enping
The first movement of the most vast and dramatic of Dimitry Kabalevsky's three sonatas has been compared to a symphony that was dedicated by is composer to what city?  
Leningrad
Which breed was originally from Brittany, a historical kingdom of France, Old English Terrier or Basset Fauve de Bretagne?
Basset Fauve de Bretagne
In what country is the university where Frances Andrews is a professor?
Scotland
 Are the Comx-35 and Sharp MZ both personal types of computers?
yes
How many rooms does the Rockefeller house that is above the town of Pocantico Hills have?
40-room
The Mountains-to-Sea Trail (MST) is a long-distance trail, for hiking and backpacking, that runs across North Carolina from the Great Smoky Mountains to the Outer Banks, the trail's western endpoint is at Clingman's Dome, where it connects to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, generally known as the Appalachian Trail or simply the A.T., is a marked hiking trail in which location?
Eastern United States
Which documentary film was released first, Target for Tonight or Greetings from Out Here?
Target for Tonight
Payment on Demand stars an American actress who is regarded as one of the greatest actresses in Hollywood history, and who comes from what ancestry?
Welsh
Who was behind the largest private share sale on record in the initial flotation of a supermarket chain owned by Jardine Matheson Holdings via its Dairy Farm International Holdings subsidiary?
Ian Macgregor
In what year did the movie for which Laura Weissbecker win the Chinese Huading award for "best new actress" released?
2012
Donald Curry, Baron Curry of Kirkharle, served as a chair of this UK registered mutual insurance composite that is based in which region?
Warwickshire
Refugee Boy is a novel written by a British writer born in which year ?
1958
In what state has both Victoria Williams and Sugarcult resided in?
California
Who received two National Film Awards in Kalankini Kankabati?
Sharmila Tagore
Which American Sitcom that aired on CBS featured music created by Adam Merrin?
How I Met Your Mother
Which 2005 historical novel deals with a top secret Nazi scientific technological device?
The Black Sun
Rapper Sadat X is named for the third President of Egypt, who was?
Anwar Sadat
Which film, The Incredibles or Anaganaga O Dheerudu, is a computer-animated film?
The Incredibles
The Family of Imran Khan, belongs to a Pashtun tribe which originated where?
eastern Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan
Umbarra was the Aboriginal elder of  what town in Australia in the Bega Valley Shire?
Bermagui
Which American Formula One World Drivers' Champion raced for the Ferrari team at the 1962 Monaco Grand Prix?
Phil Hill
What 19th-century transportation route through central North America did William Bent and his brothers establish a trade buisness along?
The Santa Fe Trail
Family Circle and Avantages, are which forms of publication?
magazine
An American film and television writer is known for a 1983 British American swashbuckler film that was directed by Peter Yates, and was produced by who?
Ron Silverman
Thomas Warren Muecke, Jr., was an American football quarterback who played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League (CFL), and played college football at Baylor University (BU), a private Baptist university in Waco, in which US state?
Texas
Camp Merritt was named after a Brevet Major General who was the first American Military Governor of which country?
Philippines
For which 1988 French film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud, did Noëlle Boisson win great recognition?
The Bear
Who wrote the song "Nothing but Your Love Matters" and was a part of a trio with his brothers Steve and Rudy?
Larry Gatlin
Joe Pesci played a character based on the nephew of what man known for being a crime Boss?
Frank DeSimone
Hospital Daher is located in the capital of Brazil and seat of government of what area?
Federal District
Who is an american novelist who created The Keep?
Jennifer Egan
In the year 2016, how many passengers used the airport adjacent to the Kansas City Overhaul Base?
11.04 million
The English football manager and former player, Teddy Sheringham, is the head coach of this team, which is based in what city?
Kolkata
Which magazine covers B movies, Herald, or Castle of Frankenstein?
Castle of Frankenstein
Ibou Touray plays for Which Football Club based in the Kersal area of Salford, Greater Manchester, England?
Salford City
Which happened first, the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River or the Battle of Guam?
Battle of Guam
What producer released a song with vocals by Kelly Rowland from his fourth studio album, "One Love" who had a a female vocalist who had a hit in the UK with a pre-release cover version of the song?
David Guetta
Which state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States is the birthplace of Gloria Sawai?
Minnesota
What peer-reviewed scientific journal, started in 1970, discusses a geometric theory published by Albert Einstein?
Reports on Mathematical Physics
What did Brooklands produce that Forrestburn Hillclimb did not?
military aircraft
Who stars as Jason the Red Ranger in the 2017 American film written by John Gatins and directed by Dean Israelite?
Dacre Montgomery
Cliff Taylor is the managing editor of a newspaper that launched in which year ?
1859
Are Ian Gillan and Ronnie Radke both lead singers in a band?
yes
The Chaplain of the Austrian branch of the Order of the Golden Fleeze, serves as what?
He serves as the Archbishop of Vienna and President of the Austrian Bishops' Conference
Who was born in the place where the venue that commissioned The Symphony No. 5 "Requiem, Bardo, Nirmanakaya" is located?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Which player for the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team has a brother who played in the Macedonian First League?
Cedi Osman
Antoni Norbert Patek was the one of the creators of a watch company founded in what year?
1851
In what country is the priory that Roger de Birthorpe was imprisoned for trespass after a raid on? 
England
What is the difference between the Podenco Canario and the Great Pyrenees?
livestock guardian dog
What American football defensive tackle for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who played college football at Oklahoma, was third overall pick in the club's 35th season as a franchise in the NFL?
Gerald Keith McCoy Jr.
The book Outliers: the story of success, mentions what man who's IQ is between 190 and 210?
Christopher Langan
Which island in Germany is home to the seaside resort named Trassenheide?
Usedom
Panthera youngi is known from Choukoutien, northeastern China and Japan, and lived about 350,000 years ago in the Pleistocene epoch, Harington, 1969 suggested that the American lion, the Eurasian cave lion and the large Chinese "Panthera youngi" are conspecific, The American lion ("Panthera leo atrox" or "P. atrox" ) – also known as the North American lion, Naegele’s giant jaguar or American cave lion – is an extinct lion of the family Felidae, endemic to which location during the Pleistocene epoch?
North America
What town is considered to be the start of colonization that included the Americas, as well as Upper Canada and Lower Canada?
Jamestown, Virginia
Paranoia 1.0 includes an actor who began acting as what character in "My Little Girl"?
Arthur
Who founded a utopian experiment which was inspired by the ideals of a philosophical movement developed in the late 1820s and 1830s?
George Ripley
Enderal: The Shards of Order is a total conversion mod of Bethesda Softworks, an American video game publisher based in Rockville, Maryland, and was founded by who?
Christopher Weaver
What science based sets were sold at the department store headquarted in Washington D.C. and founded in 1887?
Chemcraft
Vanderpool Farm Complex is a historic home and barn located at Guilderland, in which county and state, in the United States?
Albany County, New York
What is the regional dialect in the city where Henry Dawes Swan was born?
Geordie
When was the album featuring the song "Order More" first made available for pre-order on iTunes?
November 27, 2015
When was the swimming events at the 2014 South American Games held in Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos?
March 7-10
What artist's work was sampled as part of Larry Sanders' collaboration with Coolio?
Stevie Wonder's
David Wallace is named after David Foster Wallace, a favorite author of an American actor and filmmaker who is known for his role as Jim Halpert on what sitcom?
The Office
Which man, Joe Manganiello or Richard G. Hovannisian,  is known mainly for his four-volume history of the First Republic of Armenia?
Richard Gable Hovannisian
What was the nationality was the person who established the essential nature of the atomic nucleus?
English
Rick Mears' first Indy 500 victory out of four, in 1979, was the second for his car owner who has been a major figure in IndyCar ever since. Who is he?
Roger Penske
Are Columbia Regional Airport and Plattsburgh International Airport both located in Missouri?
no
Who plays drums for the Finnish alternative rock band who's first international compilation album was "Alchemy VOl. 1"?
Jari Salminen
The Franciscan Missions of the Sierra Gorda are credited to a Roman Catholic Spanish priest and friar of the Franciscan Order who founded how many of the 21 Spanish missions in California?
nine
Who is the director of the 2014 American comedy movie featuring an actress who also starred in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin"?
Nick Cassavetes
Wired has several spinoffs, including what full-colour monthly magazine that is  published in London?
Wired UK
Dorothy Gish's older sister was called what? 
First Lady of American Cinema
Revolution, is a South Korean television series starring Choi Si-won, a South Korean singer, songwriter, model, and actor, born on which date?
April 7, 1986
The female form of Heracles Kynagidas has a Roman equivalent known under what name?
Diana
What Australian politician defeated Nickolas Varvaris in the 2016 election?
Linda Burney
In what film does Johnny Lee, who was best known for voicing the role of Br'er Rabbit, tell stories about how to cope with the challenges of living on a plantation?
Song of the South
Barry Manilow released The Greatest Love Songs of All Time about the time he performed his show at which hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip?
Paris Las Vegas
What is the name of the debut studio album by American rapper from Houston, Texas who was musical partners with rapper Chamillionaire?
Chick Magnet
The author of My Awakening: A Path to Racial Understanding held what title in the Ku Klux Klan?
Grand Wizard
The person that presented "Was It Something I Said?" was part of what comedy duo?
Mitchell and Webb
How many properties are maintained by the amusement park corporation that first screened the film The Sensorium in 1984?
twenty
What do Gregory Nava and John Rawlins have in common?
film director
When was the American football quarterback born who was supposed to replace by Gabbert  in Week 3?
July 12, 1981
Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ is a semi-scripted parody of a Canadian reality television series that airs on W Network in Canada and is produced by who?
Cineflix
This major metrobus transfer station is located two blocks from a 530000 sqft center was developed in limited partnership with who?
the May Centers
What nationality are both Roy Champan and Lee Chapman?
English
Are Lynda Thomas and Say Anything both bands?
no
What year was the ship, in which Sink the Belgrano! was based on, listed as out of service?
1982
What type of acid was named for the discoverer of the covalent bond?
Lewis acid
What was the common occupation of Mercè Rodoreda and John Wain?
novelist
Which American professional baseball pitcher born August 7, 1989, alongside Todd Frazier and David Robertson, was traded in exchange for Ian Clarkin, Tyler Clippard and Blake Rutherford to the New York Yankees?
Tommy Kahnle
 Victory Tischler-Blue was cast in "This Is Spinal Tap" by a director who came to national prominence with the role of Michael Stivic on what?
All in the Family
When was the American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist died who's introduction is in The Space Gods Revealed?
December 20, 1996
What  is a genre of music and street dance that is labeled as House dance?
Footwork
 Eva Gonda de Rivera owns a major stake in a beverage company hedaquartered in what city?
Monterrey
The city that Šuazeliai Palace is in is composed of how many quarters?
74 quarters
Who is the first largest telecoms company in France other than Altice, which is second in France founded by Patrick Drahi?
Orange
When did the cricket ground that people take the Old traffic tram stop to get to open?
1857
TimBeck is the current head football coach for a team located in what state?
Kansas
Margaret Dymoke was a lady-in-waiting in the court of the king who ruled England beginning in what year?
1509
What was the total capacity of the stadium that held the largest professional wrestling pay-per-view event in history?
114,000
Which Runaways member later was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance in 1993?
Lita Ford
Colonial Beach is a town in Westmoreland County, Virginia, the family of which Scottish-born scientist, inventor, engineer, and innovator who is credited with patenting the first practical telephone and founding the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T) in 1885, maintained a summer home in Colonial Beach?
Alexander Graham Bell
In what city and state was the Chief of Mental Health (1959-1979) of the integrated managed care consortium based in Oakland, California, United Stated founded in 1945 by industrialist Henry J. Kaiser and physician Sidney Garfield, born?
Salinas, California
Kim Yoon-seok stars in a 2015 South Korean supernatural mystery thriller film based off what award-winning short film?
12th Assistant Deacon
The museum for which Mike Massimino is the senior advisor of space programs for is located in which neighborhood on the West Side of Manhattan?
Hell's Kitchen
Agnieszka Lal started working at what American mass media company in 2008?
Viacom Media Networks
Keisuke Kuwata and Lauren Laverne have what profession in common?
singer
Killer Films is a New York City-based independent film production company founded by movie producers Christine Vachon and Pamela Koffler in 1995, the company has produced a number of the most acclaimed American independent films over the past two decades including Carol, a British-American romantic drama film, released in what year, directed by Todd Haynes, that was nominated for six Academy Awards?
2015
What was released second Charlie, the Lonesome Cougar or Mulan?
Mulan
Which genus has more species Graptopetalum or Tanakaea ?
Graptopetalum
What system was used to form the Uppiliyapuram constituency in India in 1996?
system of reservation in India
Ultu Ulla is the fourth studio album by a band formed in which year ?
2009
Léone-Noëlle Meyer is the adoptive granddaughter of the founder of an upmarket French department store chain that in 2009 recorded earnings of how much?
over one billion euro
How many acres of land is the Box Moor Trust responsible for to include the parishes of Hemel Hempstead and Bovingdon?
500 acres
What opera is part of the "Trionfi" and a solo album by Ray Manzarek?
Carmina Burana
The Bobcats had the second overall pick in the 2004 NBA draft which they used to select what attendee of Bellaire High School in Bellaire, Texas?
Emeka Okafor
Where was the Indian conglomerate company who owned Ashok Leyland headquatered? 
London, United Kingdom
In what province is the train Richard Fontaine Maury is best known for?
Salta Province
Richard Williams and Rick Stansbury were famous for what sport?
basketball
Who has appeared in more reality television shows, Joe Manganiello or Kourtney Kardashian? 
Kourtney Mary Kardashian
If My Homie Calls was from the 2Pac album that was released on what date?
November 12, 1991
John Paul Chase was a longtime criminal associate of Fred Barker and which Depression-era gangster nicknamed "Creepy" for his sinister smile and called "Ray" by his gang members?
Alvin Francis Karpis
Are Dariush Mehrjui and Lisa Cholodenko of the same nationality?
no
When was the player named NBA FInals MVP in 1978 inducted into the Hall of Fame?
1988
Who co-presented the television series "Eurotrash" and had a 2007 Spring/Summer pret-porter collection shown in Paris? 
Jean-Paul Gaultier
In which county is this former estate of the heir to a U.S. Steel fortune located where George A. Crawley constructed a house?
Nassau County
Who won more Grand Slam titles, Betty Stöve or Lucie Hradecká?
Betty Stöve
What was the highest-charting single of the American country music group formed in Paw Paw, West Virginia that covered "I'm Gonna to Be a Wheel Someday" ?
"The Letter That Johnny Walker Read"
DM is the third studio album by an artist born in which year ?
1985
Who is the current woman in the position which Nana Konadu Agyeman Rawlings held?
Rebecca Akufo-Addo
Which magazine has been published longer, Kiplinger's Personal Finance or The Ring?
The Ring
In which fictional state in a novel by George Orwell is this language spoken, to which the coinage of "Fedspeak" is an intentional parallel?
Oceania
With whom did this co-creator of "The Book of Mormon" and "Avenue Q" compose songs for a Disney film?
Kristen Anderson-Lopez
Do both Sam Wanamaker and Edgar Reitz work in film related industries? 
yes
Are Friedman Memorial Airport and Watertown International Airport in the same state?
no
Which film, McFarland, USA or Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, was based on the German fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm?
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
What public engineering institution located in Powai, Mumbai, India is the company Lucideus incubated out of?
Indian Institute of Technology Bombay
How is Odda related to Godwin?
Earl Godwin was later restored to royal favour, and his lands returned, while Odda received a new earldom in the west midlands in compensation.
What did Salmita Mine and Outpost Island Mine both mine for 
Gold
An album from 1967 and includes songs like "Twilight Time" is performed by what group?
The Moody Blues
Is Dal Lake or Lake Nyos located next to a volcano?
Lake Nyos
Kenji Mizoguchi and Michel Boisrond share which occupations?
film director and screenwriter
What was the antagonist to the 2016 film directed by the lead animator for Laika Entertainment?
corrupted Sisters and his power-hungry grandfather Raiden
What is the nationality of the actress featured in "She Used to Be My Girl"?
English-Canadian
In which year did an English-language French action thriller directed by Pierre Morel and starring among other actors the American actress Katherine Evelyn Anita Cassidy first hit the movie theaters?
2008
What is the population of the country where Mullaghglass is a village?
1,810,863
This puppeteer won the Writers' Guild Award for Best what?
West End Play
Matevž Lenarčič climbed the Fitz Roy, however, it was first climbed by?
French alpinists Lionel Terray and Guido Magnone
"Picture to Burn" was co-written by Taylor Swift and ?
Liz Rose
Are Mehran University of Engineering and Technology and Michigan Technological University in the same country?
no
Scenes from the video game Postal 2 can be seen in a music video released in what month?
June 2003
Talkin' Baseball,  is a 1981 song written and performed by Terry Cashman, inspired by who, that was born on October 20, 1931?
Mickey Mantle
Which magazine features more sexually oriented articles, video reviews, and pictorials, Club or Revolver?
Club
Which opera, L'elisir d'amore or The Turn of the Screw, premiered first ?
L'elisir d'amore
What faculty member at the Queen Mary University in London was also part of Starbomb?
Brian Wecht
What is the name of the mother of British singer-songwriter whose second studio album, released in 2005 was called 'Sleeping in the Nothing' and who has been a judge on "Australia's Got Talent"?
Sharon Osbourne
Does Hong Kong or Wuzhong, Ningxia have a larger population?
Hong Kong
The premiere of fourteenth season animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who served as excutive producers along with Anne Garefino is about which golf pro sex scandal?
Tiger Woods
Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II development started in 1992 with the origins of the Joint Strike Fighter program and is set to culminate in full production in 2018, unlike the F-22 Raptor, is intended to be available for export, the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor is a fifth-generation, single-seat, twin-engine, all-weather stealth tactical fighter aircraft, developed for which organization?
United States Air Force (USAF)
What do Boyce Avenue and John Butler Trio have in common?
band
Who helped Hans-Ulrich von Oertzen develop Operation Valkyrie?
Claus von Stauffenberg
Where was the American scout and bison hunter, whom Robert W. Patten claimed to be as historically significant as born? 
Le Claire, Iowa Territory
Which plant is in the genus Stapeliae, Duvalia or Grewia?
Duvalia
Between Miniature Pinscher and Polish Lowland Sheepdog, which one is a bigger breed on average?
Polish Lowland Sheepdog
What folk duo included Jim Carter and an actress born January 9, 1956? 
Show of Hands
The Dar es Salaam Institute of Technology is accredited and offers a bachelor of engineering, where is it located?
Tanzania
Which singer is younger, Black Francis or Makoto Koshinaka?
Makoto Koshinaka
Pyotr Novikov and Sofia Kovalevskaya had what career in common?
mathematician
What Adriatic Sea peninsula is the home to Mandalenčići?
Istria
What series on Cartoon Network was created by Pendleton Ward and had it's first three season's background designs lead by Ghostshrimp?
Adventure Time
What year was the head coach of the 2015 UNLV Rebels Football team born?
1974
What traditional folk song was a single on Here We à Go Go Again?
Midnight Special
For which magazine did the author of the novel "Burn Witch Burn!" serve as an editor?
American Sunday magazine
Which star of Get Thrashed was in the band Metallica?
Lars Ulrich
Go Soo, also known as Ko Soo, is a South Korean actor, and has appeared in films such as which 2009 South Korean mystery thriller starring Han Suk-kyu, Son Ye-jin and Go Soo?
White Night
Who was born earlier, Velimir Khlebnikov or Bob Dylan?
Velimir Khlebnikov
La Voix is part of this international television series franchise originally created by who
John de Mol
Between Die schweigsame Frau and La scala di seta, which piece has more acts?
Die schweigsame Frau
Are both Derwentia and Elsholtzia endemic to Australia?
no
What is this description of a pattern of group behaviour towards individuals within Nordic countries that Sharmi Albrechtsen explored in her book A Piece of Danish Happiness?
Law of Jante
What is the sport that Henrik Sedin and Daniel Sedin played together throughout their careers ?
Swedish professional ice hockey
I Am Your Gummy Bear is the debut album by what German multilingual character?
Gummibär
Are both Artux and Laohekou county-level cities?
yes
What incident brought attention to the safety of people and zoo animals and also resulted in a gorilla being nominated for Speaker of the House?
Harambe
Which flowering plant is native to Central America, Helictotrichon or Odontonema?
Odontonema
 Downtown Greensboro Historic District is home to the location of what series of nonviolent protests in 1960
Greensboro sit-ins
Daniel Jub was praised in "The Times" by a Royal Air Force Wing Commander who also holds what world record?
World Land Speed Record
What year was the group that Cheong U was once head of established?
1999
Living Colour performed "Cult of Personality" at which twenty-ninth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE, held on April 7, 2013 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey?
WrestleMania 29
What actress starred in "Dynasty" and K-9000?
Catherine Oxenberg
When was the actor that portrayed Kelly Severide in  "Chicago Fire" born? 
July 15, 1981
Where Ever U Are is a song by which French DJ?
Cédric Gervais
What countries are on the northern border the nation for which Simon Gamache plays ice hockey?
Czech Republic and Germany
What film directed by Sidney Lumet was broadcast initially as a television play in 1954?
12 Angry Men
What is the English translation of the name of the store that Macy's replaced in Boise Town Square?
the good market
A man who co-wrote "What A Feeling" with Mike Needle, Jamie Scott, Dan Bryer and Liam Payne became a member of One Direction after being eliminated from what British music competition series? 
"The X Factor"
"A Day in the Life" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released as the final track of their 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", Lennon's lyrics were inspired by contemporary newspaper articles, including a report on the death of which Guinness heir, Guinness, is an Irish dry stout that originated in the brewery of Arthur Guinness (1725–1803) at St. James's Gate brewery in the capital city of Dublin, Ireland?
Tara Browne
Question: Which NBA team gained a #4 pick for second straight year who played basketball for one season with Kansas Jayhawks before declaring for 2017 NBA draft?
Phoenix Suns
Helter Skelter is a true crime book, released in which year, by Curt Gentry and Vincent Bugliosi, an American attorney and "New York Times" bestselling author?
1974
"Wait Your Turn" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R", released on which date?
November 20, 2009
Which mine is no longer in service, Colomac Mine or Red Lake Mine?
The Colomac Mine
Troy Sanders and Carl Wayne were both what?
singer
Did 'The Castaway Cowboy' adventure film or 'Around the World in 80 Days' star Jackie Chan and Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Around the World in 80 Days
Henk Dijkhuize currently plays for the team whose stadium is what?
Eredivisie
Who founded a 2010 AMA Pro American Superbike Championship title sponsor in Birmingham, England in 1889?
John Boyd
What cricket player named man of the match of the 2016-17 Regional One Day Cup was born 3 September 1990?
Iftikhar Ahmed
Which conference does the team that Zac Diles played for in college compete in?
Big 12 Conference
who was born first Niki Caro or Stanley Kwan?
Stanley Kwan
Demon Lord Dante was influenced by a work created by a print maker from what country?
French
LAbyrinth is based on the book about the murder investigation of the hip-hop artist killed in what city?
Las Vegas
Lithuania at EuroBasket 2007 went 8-1 winning their first Bronze Medal with the help of this player who led the tournament in assists. What position did he play?
point guard
How far south is Didxsaj spoken?
Nicaragua and Costa Rica
Of which river is the body of water, that marks the change from Grand Street to Grand Avenue, a tributary ?
East River,
Why is Leon Trotsky associated with permanent revolution?
He would go on to become one of the seven members of the first Politburo, founded in 1917 to manage the Bolshevik Revolution.
Which American executive well known for his work at General motors was filmed appearing to accept money to take part in drug trafficking ?
John DeLorean
What senator has a town named after them in Nevada?
Pat McCarran
Charles A. Colton was the director of which university located in Newark, New Jersey?
New Jersey Institute of Technology
What is the name of the American celebrity chef who is both owner of Carlo's Bakery and host of Latin American television series "Next Great Baker: Latin America"?
Buddy Valastro
Peter Hackett was born in approximately 1763 or 1764 in the English colony of Virginia, he was a part of the broad Scotch-Irish migration along where, which was one of two principal routes used by colonial and early national era settlers to reach Kentucky from the East?
Wilderness Road
Larabanga is a village in what district with the capital Damongo?
West Gonja District
Akuna Bay is located within the estuary that is a large inlet of what larger body of water?
Tasman Sea
The 2008 film Salvation starred Bruce Myles and an actress that appears in what film with Peter Falk and Charles Durning? 
"Happy New Year"
Nissan Pino is an OEM version of what generation of the kei car built by Suzuki?
sixth
W*A*L*T*E*R, starring American actor Gary Burghoff, was a 1984 pilot episode spin-off of which series in which Burghoff played Radar?
M*A*S*H
Bayenthaler SV is part of a current day football club that plays in what city?
Cologne
Who was the founder of the Austrian low-cost airline headquartered in "Office Park I" at Vienna International Airport in Schwechat?
Andreas Nikolaus "Niki" Lauda
The Curtis Lee album "Pretty Little Angel Eyes" was producced by a musician born in what year?
1939
Who directed the 2015 film in which Raffey Cassidy appeared ?
Brad Bird.
Who has won the World Fantasy Award twice for his critically acclaimed novels "Last Call" and "Declare" ,Tim Powers, or Lorrie Moore?
Timothy Thomas
What role is the actor who played Don Flack best known for?
Jim Craig
Which industrialist has the  partnership in the corporation which acquired  Graham-Paige in 1947?
Henry J. Kaiser
Gowlan is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Gowlan people, a Scheduled Caste, the Scheduled Castes (SCs) and Scheduled Tribes (STs) are various officially designated groups of historically disadvantaged people, in which country?
India
How large is the regional shopping mall across from 50 Penn Place?
1063000 sqft
What city has the greatest population, Tongxiang or Yulin, Shaanxi?
Yulin
How many pop standards does on of the musical that Broadway Worldwide has captured and distributed, havs songs written by songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller?
39
Are Adam Gontier and Hayley Williams from the same country?
no
What is the largest county by area where the Dick Conner Correctional Center is located?
Osage County
William Hung gained fame due to his off-key audition performance of "She Bangs" by a singer that belonged to what boy pop group at the age of 12? 
Menudo
What is the formal name of the party George Perry Mahoney was a candidate for?
The States' Rights Democratic Party
Brian T. Delaney provides the voice to the male protagonist of what 2015 Bethesda Studios game?
Fallout 4
Daniel 'Dani' Jimenez plays as a goalkeeper for which "Segunda Division" team?
AD Alcorcón
A bean-feast was primarily an annual dinner given by an employer to his or her employees, it's spoken about in which 1971 American musical fantasy film directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka?
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory
Lauren Cheape Matsumoto (August 16, 1987) is an American politician and beauty pageant titleholder, who is a member of the Hawaii State House representing Hawaii's 45th District, she competed in which pageant held at the Theatre for the Performing Arts of Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas on January 14, 2012?
Miss America 2012
The 2014–15 Missouri Comets played thier home games in what county?
Jackson County
Where did the Australian politician born who represented the Goulburn electoral district?
Adelaide
Who is the American actor and voice actor that guest starred in the animated television series Death in Bloom as Death?
Miguel Ferrer
What genre was the 1940 film starring an American film actor known for portaying the cowboy hero Hopalong Cassidy?
Western
If you wanted to visit the Ghana Police College, where would you have to go?
the main Accra Kumasi Highway before Achimota
Sur features which actor who is also a stage director?
Lito Cruz
 Pundlik Hari Danve was a member of the world's largest party in terms of what?
primary membership
In between Knut Hamsun and Marguerite Duras, who's film is "Hiroshima mon amour"?
Marguerite Donnadieu
CommerceHub (also known as Commerce Technologies, Inc.) is a provider of hosted integration, and which type of fulfillment, that's a supply chain management method, in which the retailer does not keep goods in stock but instead transfers customer orders and shipment details to either the manufacturer, another retailer, or a wholesaler, who then ships the goods directly to the customer?        
Drop shipping
RAAF Base Richmond is an Royal Australian Air Force base, located within the City of Hawkesbury, and at times, been mooted as a site for Sydney's proposed international what?
Second Sydney Airport
Which cast in, The War Zone, also played Kevin in Quadrophenia? 
Ray Winstone
7 Dwarves – Men Alone in the Wood follows the story of the tale published in what year?
1812
Who was one of the lead actors in Jumper?
Andrew James Matfin Bell
The 326th Medical Battalion supports the 101st Airborne Division located at which United States Army Installation on the Kentucky-Tennessee border?
Fort Campbell
Abdoulaye Seye won the 100 m gold medal at a gaming event in what city?
Beirut
 Francis Ray was inspired to write after reading a book for a writer born in which year ?
1939
What person was the crime movie that featured a cameo from Sean Ringgold about?
Frank Lucas
Q:How much was the founder of Beal Aerospace worth as of April 2017?
US$10.1 billion
What former Gamecocks wide receiver who also went on to become an analyst for the NFL Network, took a chance and became Professional Management Incorporated's first client?
Sterling Sharpe
This railway station 7.9 kilometres from Adelaide station is situated in what city?
Marion
Are Maher Sabry and Joseph L. Mankiewicz both cartoonist?
no
Who is the star character of the film which "Spring Day" was loosely adapted from?
Aya Kuramoto
Box Step is a basic dance step named after the pattern it creates on the floor, which is that of a square or box, it is used in a number of American Style ballroom dances, include Rhumba, also known as ballroom rumba, is a genre of ballroom music and dance that appeared in the East Coast of which country, during the 1930s?
United States
Who logged more hours in space, James P. Bagian or Edward Avedisian
James Philip Bagian
What was founded first, Playboy or Goldmine?
Playboy
Where was the subject of Godric born?
Walpole
What was founded first, Alt-J or Snow Patrol?
Snow Patrol
Udo Proksch was born in a city that had how many residents on 1 January 2017 ?
320,587
Which Itallian resturant was founded first, Pizzeria Ventior or Bertucci's?
Bertucci's
The 1994–95 Dallas Stars lost the use of which all-time American goals leader for 19 games ?
Michael Thomas Modano Jr.
Who has been dubbed the "father of optics",  Ibn al-Haytham or Ibn Yunus?
Ibn al-Haytham
Which anchor store at The Mercat Shopping Centre is a subsidiary of an American company based in Framingham, Massachusetts?
TK Maxx
The Raines law, passed on March 23, 1896, would be recorded as session law in what publication?
"Laws of New York"
How many episodes are there in this season of the American animated television series that had the episode "Peeps?"
28
Betty Paraskevas is known for her work on which Canadian animated children's televesion series?
Maggie and the Ferocious Beast
What British cinematographer worked on the film Star Wars: The Interactive Video Board Game?
Gilbert Taylor
Masaji Kitano was what rank when Unit 731 carried out the most notorious war crimes in Manchukuo?
second commander
In "The Simpsons" fourteenth episode of season nine, what 1954 novel did they have an extended parody on? 
Lord of the Flies
What movie did the artist who performed the Femme Fatale Tour star in?
Crossroads
Who was the first Elder to appear in Elders of the Universe?
The Collector
Mapes Hotel is next to what river that flows northeasterly and is 121 mi long
Truckee River
In which musical era did the teacher of Caroline Luigini compose?
Romantic
Which newspaper that served the Twin Cities metropolitan area employed a man who also wrote a series of Sherlock Holmes mysteries?
St. Paul Pioneer Press
Which television show takes place in the fictional town of Springfielld and first aired on Fox network in the United States on March 5, 1995?
The Simpsons
Cam de Leon created the early artwork of a band that has won how many Grammy Awards ?
three Grammy Awards
What city was Night Owl filmed in that starred John Leguizamo, who also starred in Land of the Dead, a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film?
New York City
Are Shatar and 18XX games?
yes
Joseph Michael Young is professional basketball player for a NBA team first established in what year?
1967
What is the seating capacity of the football stadium located in Bill Kinsley birthplace?
54,074
North Ormesby is an area of a town situated just to the south of a major road which in part follows the course of what? 
Roman road
In what year did the band behind Catfish Rising form?
1967
Philip Stanley Abbot was a graduate of Harvard, class of 1889, and of Harvard Law School, class of 1893, he practiced law until 1894 with Samuel D. Warren and Louis Dembitz Brandeis, was an American lawyer and associate justice on the Supreme Court of the United States from 1916 to what year?
1939
What series features a cameo by co host of a show with Regis Philbin, in the episode "Floyd"?
30 Rock
What club does the player who made a penalty kick in the fifth minute of the 2010 Football League Cup Final play for?
Premier League
Popular Photography and Harvard Business Review, are American media of what type?
magazine
What heavy metal band is known for their song "Sweating Bullets" on the 1992 album Countdown to Extinction?
Megadeth
Bradley Michael Pierce is best known as Peter Shepherd in which 1995 American fantasy adventure film directed by Joe Johnston?
Jumanji
Blaze Bayley and Tracey Thorn, are of which mutual nationality?
English
Which George S. Kaufman-Moss Hart play is the musical with lyrics by the dean emeritus of the Actors Studio Drama School at Pace University in New York City, based on?
"The Man Who Came to Dinner"
Which famous politician was drawn by portrait artist Ellen Semple Barry?
William Averell Harriman
 William Taylor Nagel was what for an American professional baseball team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania?
an infielder
In the Persian epic poem Amir Arsalan, what kind of weapon is Shamshir-e Zomorrodnegār?
a sword
The university that Karen Luker is from was formed in what year?
2004
The date of the start of the history of the United States is a subject of debate among historians, in recent decades American schools and universities typically have shifted back in time to include more on the colonial period and much more on the prehistory of the Native Americans, the history of Native Americans in the United States began in ancient times tens of thousands of years ago with the settlement of the Americas by who?
Paleo-Indians
Meinrad I, Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was born in what German state?
Bavaria
Who is most known for writing the screenplays for "L.A. Confidential", Kurt Gerron or Brian Helgeland?
Brian Thomas Helgeland
In which year was this Class I railroad formed that was the predecessor of CSX that built the first railroad through Chapman, Lawrence County, Kentucky?
1869
Are both Peter Watkins and Sergei Parajanov from Sweden?
no
Which road is situated just west of the Derbyshire/Cheshire county boundary and is extremely popular with motorcyclists?
A537
Who led the band who did the song "Maggot Brain"?
George Clinton
Which political party was founded to combat the act that lead up to Bleeding Kansas?
The Republican Party
The 2003 World's Strongest Man was held in which town on the Zambezi River?
Victoria Falls
Who was an English furniture manufacturer, who founded an English furniture making firm based in Lancaster, Lancashire, and in London?
Robert Gillow
The Crow Scouts were involved in the only armed conflict between the United States and the Crow tribe of which US state?
Montana
Who wrote the 2014 British historical thriller film directed by a French film director from the TV series "Dead Set" (2008) and "Top Boy" (2011)?
Gregory Burke
Which head coach of the Missouri Tigers football team amassed a 5-3 record during his 1911-1913 tenure?
Chester Brewer
Show Me Where the Good Times Are is a musical comedy with book by Leonora Thuna, and was inspired by Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, was a French playwright and actor who is considered to be one of the greatest masters of comedy in Western literature, and known by which stage name?
Molière
Are Drew Renaud and Mikael Salomon both editors ?
no
Which Earl was the Augustrus Legge, the Merton College graduate? 
2nd Earl of Dartmouth
Where did the bomber flown by Frederick Bock famously drop an atomic bomb on?
Nagasaki
Who used to coach for the university that ranked 27th in the nation in 2016?
Sharon Dawley
Where is the public-benefit corporation based that held the campaign for the relaunch of Socks the Cat Rocks the Hill?
Brooklyn, New York
In 1978 the chairman of Visy Industries established a philanthropic organisation based in what city?
Melbourne
Which award winning South Korean singer released the song "Through the Night" in 2017?
IU
What was the duration of the war that was in progress when the USS McAnn first served in the Atlantic Ocean?
1939 to 1945
What is the nationality of Chynna Phillips' mother?
American
What does Mangoplah mean in the traditional language of the people of Austalia?
Kooris singing
The Medal of Zhukov, named after Soviet Red Army officer Georgy Zhukov, initially awarded veterans from which Russian war?
Great Patriotic War
When was the  American magazine magnate who has Susan Rose-Ackerman as a  Professor of Jurisprudence born? 
April 3, 1898
Which genus contains more species: Columnea or Olneya?
Columnea
What hopital is ranked among the top 10 children’s hospitals in the country by "U.S. News & World Report, Children's National Medical Center or  Providence Hospital?
Children’s National Medical Center
Who was apart of more bands, Mick Jagger or Geoff Rickly?
Rickly is also a member of hardcore punk band United Nations
When did the team formerly known as the Renault team design the Lotus E20?
2012 Formula One season
Hard Days Night Hotel was used in the film directed by whom?
Richard Lester
Fairbanks International Airport and Wiley Post–Will Rogers Memorial Airport, are located in which U.S. state?
Alaska
American producer K.E. on the Track worked with Fetty Wap on a song named after which shoemaker?
Jimmy Choo
What American country music group, founded in 1998 released their first single from their album "The Road to Here" in May 2005?
Little Big Town
Who lived longer, Clarence Malcolm Lowry or Regina M. Anderson?
Regina M. Anderson
What did Sherman Alexie and Charles Olson have in common?
American poet
What talk show was the host of the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards famous for?
Chelsea Lately
Which building, the Park Row Building or The Spiral, was announced in 2016 by real estate developer Tishman Speyer as a 1,005 foot skyscraper with 2.85 million square feet and 65 floors?
The Spiral
What is the name of the actor who played Franz on Saturday Night Live and also starred in "Weeds"?
Kevin Nealon ( ; born November 18, 1953) is an American actor
Where was the brewery which merged with Coors Brewing Company to form the Molson Coors Brewing Company formed? 
Montreal
A national film award of France was won 3 times by See How They Fall, a 1994 film directed by what man?  
Jacques Audiard
Who was the Danish ballroom dancer, life coach and author with whom Tom Chambers partnered to win the sixth season of "Strictly Come Dancing"?
Camilla Dallerup
"Go Off" is a song on the album AIM by what rapper and record producer?
M.I.A.
What is the song known as the unofficial national anthem of Australia and written about a tourist route in the central part of the country?
Waltzing Matilda
Where Have All the Flowers Gone? and Darius Goes West, are films of which genre?
documentary
What is the name of the Canadian actor and musician born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia and played in the band Sandbox?
Mike Smith
Worker: Who wrote the British comedy horror film which was part of the "Dr. Phibes Rises Again" sequel?
William Goldstein and James Whiton
"Used to Love U" is the debut single by John Legend from his debut album "Get Lifted", John Roger Stephens (born December 28, 1978), known professionally as John Legend, is an American singer, songwriter, musician and what?
actor
Who wrote the second episode of the series for which Andrew James Clutterbuck is most recognised?
Frank Darabont
Who played the banker on the western drama television series starring Michael Landon?
Sam Edwards
Are both Berberidopsis and Cyclamen genus of flowering plants in the Primulacaea family?
no
Legs Diamond is a musical with a book by Harvey Forbes Fierstein, an American actor, playwright, and voice actor, born on which date?
June 6, 1954
Are Brian Levant and Bertrand Tavernier from the same country?
no
 What is the name of the city where West Ham United plays and has had only fifteen permanent F.C. managers including English football manager and former professional player?
London
Who defeated the Labor Party candidate, who graduated from a Roman Catholic day and boarding school for boys located in Woodforde, in 1966?
Kay Brownbill
Of the American alternative rock bands Anberlin and The Mowgli's, which one came from the west coast?
The Mowgli's
Who is the owner of the two Manhattan based restaurants Tetsu and Masa?
Masa Takayama
The actress who played the role of Armistice in "Westworld" played a bandit in a movie that premiered at what festival? 
Slash Film Festival
Which Norwegian composer and pianist is responsible for Lyric Suite, an orchestration of four to six piano pieces from Book V of his Lyric Pieces, Op. 54?
Edvard Hagerup Grieg
Who co-hosted The Headies 2016 with the singer of "Marry Me"?
Adesua Etomi
Are both University of the Pacific and Auburn University located in Alabama?
no
Andy Kerr played for the English team that was founded in 1880 as what team?
St. Mark's
The head basketball coach at Montana Tech from 1981 to 1985 was replaced by whom as interim coach after leaving Indiana University?
Dan Dakich
Julian Nott is a film composer of what British clay animation comedy series about a cheese-loving inventor and his silent yet loyal and intelligent anthropomorphic dog?
Wallace and Gromit
Which term applies to the descendants of Africans who escaped from slavery who now living in the village of Santigron in Suriname?
Maroon
When was the  Australian politician who is  the Minister for the Environment and Energy born
17 July 1971
When was the novel published which features Dumbledore's Army?
21 June 2003
Who commanded the fleet of ships that included The San Juan de Sicilia?
Duke of Medina Sidonia
What other name is the war, where the Great Chain at Battery Cove during, known as?
American War of Independence
Are both bands The Killers and the Rain Parade US bands?
yes
When was the comedian born who hosted a show showcasing advertisements and weird video footage that lasted from 1999 to 2001?
16 November 1963
Wilson Tiago is a player for a mexican football team which plays its home games where?
Culiacán, Sinaloa
Who directed the 2004 Ecuadorian film produced the The Devil's Backbone creator?
Sebastián Cordero
Cantabrian mythology was likely diluted by what Iron Age mythology?
Celtic mythology
The first leg of the 1996 UEFA Cup Final was played at which stadium located in Munich, Germany?
Olympiastadion
The Veer Towers are located in what county?
Clark County
What pivotal event in the Texas Revolution occurred between February 23 and March 6, 1836 and involved Damacio Jiménez serving under Juan Seguín?
Battle of the Alamo
What developer created a themed restuarant owned by Landry's, Inc. of Houston?
Steven Schussler
Honky Tonk Angels is a collaborative studio album by Loretta Lynn, Tammy Wynette and an American singer who made her album debut in what year?
1967
God Seed was a black metal band from an ethic group whose people and their descendants are found in what?
migrant communities worldwide
Scott Stajcer was selected by the New York Rangers in a draft that took place in which city ?
Montreal, Quebec
Documentary series Deadly Affairs is hosted by Susan Lucci, better known as playing Erica Kane in what ABC series?
All My Children
What was the last play by Anton Chekhov, which also was a Japanese manga series?
The Cherry Orchard
Who is Kerry Kennedy related to that is the only child of President John F. Kennedy?
Caroline Kennedy
The star of George White's Scandals referred to his nose as what?
the Schnozzola
What was the year of birth of the mathematician that is credited with developing infinitesimal calculus and using Jean Picard's measurement of earth to create his theory of universal gravitation?
1642
John Henry Foley is best known for the statues he did in Dublin for a political leader born on which day ?
6 August 1775
Race is a 2016 biographical sports drama film, about African American athlete Jesse Owens, it co-stars Carice Anouk van Houten, a Dutch actress and singer, born in Leiderdorp, a town in the western area of which country?
Netherlands
The company that is a merger between AngloGold and the Ashanti Goldfields Corporation is located near what city?
Nova Lima
Which cast member of High Tide was a member of the band Zoot?
Rick Springfield
Technicolor Specials were short films produced by what U.S. Major film studio?
Hollywood studio
When did Omar al-Bashir, head of the National Congress, come to power?
1989
Which was an American racer, Fred Agabashian or Anita Darian?
Levon "Fred" Agabashian
Which Italian football club had Johannes Plöger as a player and currently plays in the Allianz Stadium?
Juventus F.C.
Skinny Puppy's "Worlock" samples a song from which Beatles album?
the White Album
What is the name of the American seismologist and physicist who collaborated with Beno Gutenberg when developing the Richter magnitude scale?
Charles Francis Richter
James D. Ewing is the publisher or a paper printed where?
Keene, New Hampshire
What genre are both For the Bible Tells Me So and Lake of Fire?
documentary
Which band has more members, U2 or The LaFontaines?
The LaFontaines
The Samsung F480 is available from which holding company for Deutsche Telekom AG?
T-Mobile
What Paraguayan actress performed in a play based on a folktale called The Little Glass Slipper?
Paola María Elena Maltese Mongelos
When was the  (NBA) player and coach which was signed midway 2003–04 Houston Rockets season born?
April 1, 1965
New York State Department of Transportation
New York State Department of Transportation
St. Paul's Catholic Seminary is located in a suburban town near what?
Omanjor
Which sprinter won the 80 hurdles at the 1667 Mediterranean games in Tunisia?
Carla Panerai
What Russian cabaret didVladimir Sirin write for in 1923?
Karussel
The Mecachrome GP2 V8 was developed for what re-branded racing series?
GP2 Series
What was the original title of the album on which the song "Be Alright" is released on?
Moonlight
Professor George W. Bernard typically debates with an English constitutional historian about which historical event?
reign of King Henry VIII
In what county is actor Ryan Castro's home town located?
Nassau County
James Rucker is the co-founder of Color of Change, an online activist organization that aims to strengthen the political voice of African Americans in the United States, it was founded by Rucker and Van Jones in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, and helped to raise awareness for the cause of the Jena Six, were six black teenagers in Jena, Louisiana, convicted in the beating of Justin Barker, that occurred in what year, a white student at the local Jena High School, which they also attended?
2006
What is the capital of the country Patlong is in?
Maseru
What stadium was located in Waco, Texas and used to be played with by the football team The Baylor Bears?
Floyd Casey Stadium
In what county was the 160th Air Refueling Group last based?
Franklin County
Which magazine was created first, Chatelaine or Arthur's Magazine?
Arthur's Magazine
What is the population of the seat of the county that Centerfield, Kentucky lies in?
8,082
What were both the Locarno Treaties and the Stresa Front?
agreements
Which software developed by Pito Salas was purchased by IBM in the 1990's?
Lotus Software
Which character created by Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely did Brianna Hildebrand play?
Negasonic Teenage Warhead
What is the name of the Italian Formula One racing team owned by a drink company whose headquarters is located in Fuschl am See, Austria?
Scuderia Toro Rosso
Which has more locations the University of Illinois system or University of Michigan?
The University of Michigan
In which year was Emperor Akihito's eldest son's only daughter born?
2001
What do both Ronnie Dunn and Jane Relf do?
singer
Who directed the film that was based on a murder for which Raffaele Sollecito was charged?
Rod Blackhurst and Brian McGinn
Where is the university, for which Scott Beerer was a pitcher and outfielder prior to his professional career, located?
College Station, Texas, United States
Marcus Söderlund has directed music videos for the indie pop band formed in 2005 in what part of London?
Wandsworth
Joaquín Mariano Sucunza, is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, he serves as auxiliary bishop since 2000, of which one of thirteen Latin Metropolitan archdioceses of the Catholic Church in Argentina, South America?
Archdiocese of Buenos Aires
What year did Chen Yin participate in the Olympics that were NOT held in London? 
2008
The James River provides the main drainage between two plateau regions, the large plateau on the eastern side and which other plateau?
Coteau des Prairies
The inaugural winner of the Karl Malone Award played college basketball at what university?
University of Louisville
Are Stockton Metropolitan Airport and Eagle County Regional Airport both joint civil-military airports?
no
Yvan Ponton played Drouin in a 1977 film directed by who?
George Roy Hill
What 1988 film starred an English actor, voice actor, comedian, and singer?
Pass the Ammo
What suburb of the Electoral district of Wright, is within the City of Tea Tree Gully local government area and also adjacent to Wynn Vale, Surrey Down, Greenwith, Yatala Vale, Fairview Park and Salisbury East?
Golden Grove
Are Laurence Olivier and Aleksandr Ivanovsky both directors?
yes
What Class II freight railroad line does the Orford Express operate on seasonally? 
Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway
Jean Tassy was born on this island?
Hispaniola
Chinese poles are vertical poles on which circus performers climb, slide down and hold poses, a few Chinese pole tricks have been incorporated with pole dancing, Pole dance combines dance and acrobatics centered on which type of pole?
vertical
Are Hoobastank and Julien-K both electronic bands?
no
When was the tank that The Panzerkampfwagen VII was dropped in favor of completed?
late 1944
What is the nationality of the director of What Happened to Monday?
Norwegian
USNS "Lone Jack" was a Type T2-SE-A1 tanker delivered to a company that its American headquarters in what area?
Energy Corridor area
Ennio Morricone won the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music for two consecutive years. For the second, who is the period-correct music by?
Duke Ellington
What number president was the father of Michael Gerald Ford?
38th
In which West African capital city is the Invincible Eleven and Majestic Sports Association Inc located?
Monrovia
Which "Please Give" actress also starred in "The L Word'?
Elizabeth Keener
Are Haicheng, Liaoning and Nantong in the same country?
yes
The owner of the radio station KWPW was born in which year ?
1924
In 2007, which network aired the eleventh season of the animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?
Comedy Central
Edge of Forever Tour was a concert tour that included the former lead guitarist of what band?
Amboy Dukes
Ivan Lendl and Ken Rosewall, have which occupation in common?
tennis player
Which American heavy metal singer, nicknamed "Ripper" from the Judas Priest song, "The Ripper", performs alongside guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen on his 18th studio album, "Relentless"?
Timothy S. "Ripper" Owens
What language do both Acinos and Carpobrotus get their names from?
Greek
What English comedian, screenwriter, actor and singer is a companion of the Twelfth Doctor in the "Doctor Who" series?
Matt Lucas
Season 3 of So You Think You Can Dance Canada is a dance reality show and competition that airs on CTV, the winner receiving the title of Canada's Favourite Dancer and $100,000, both the winner and runner-up received a Mazda 2, which supermini vehicle, manufactured and marketed globally by Mazda since 1996, currently in its fourth generation?
Mazda Demio
What team did Mark Wahlberg play for in a film where he acted with Dov Davidoff?
Philadelphia Eagles
What country was the winner of the 1979 South African Grand Prix from?
was a Canadian
Samuel Johnson played which Australian music critic and record producer in 2017?
Ian Alexander "Molly" Meldrum AM
Were On Our Backs and The Ladies' Mercury both aimed at a women's audience ?
yes
HMCS "Buctouche" was a Flower-class corvette that served in which organization, during the Second World War, she served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort?
Royal Canadian Navy (RCN)
Are the University of Minnesota and Berea College in the same state?
no
How was the university whose basketball team had a record of 13-12 between 1942 and 1944 established?
The university was established in 1865 as a land grant college and is the flagship university
What actor had varying roles in twenty episodes of CBS's "Gunsmoke" with the actor who was best known  for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon for 20 years?
Gregg Palmer
Which Irish dancing champion originated the principal female role of Riverdance?
Jean Butler
The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box stars an English actress, voice actress, and film producer who was born on October 3rd in what year?
1973
Which game was published first, Splendor or Shadows Over Camelot?
Shadows Over Camelot
What is the birth date of the person who plays Supreme Allah in "Oz"?
September 17, 1968
The company that created Frontier Communications Online and Long Distance is incorporated in what state?
Delaware
What was noteable about the earliest album that comprised of the second half of the Paul McCartney Collection?
first official retrospective release from McCartney's post-Beatles career
What American writer helped create Klutter?
Savage Steve Holland
Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner is the older sister of a king who ascended to the throne on which day ?
on 17 January 1991
What was the pre-1701 capital of the country that signed the Treaty of Töplitz with Russia and Austria?
Königsberg
The Lowestoft War Memorial Museum opened on the 50th anniversary of the holiday celebrated on what date?
8 May 1945
The play on which the 1953 film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz was based on was believed to have been written in what year?
1599
Which style of art were Gandy Brodie and Georges Rouault known for ?
Expressionism
What fictional character was portrayed by Rebecca Mader in "Once Upon a Time" on June 9, 2015? 
Wicked Witch of the West
Which English professional ballroom dancer won Strictly Come Dancing with partner Mark Ramprakash?
Karen Hardy
What is the name of the Baltic tribe duke known as King Vester?
Viestards
Which of the two Gumbel brothers, both sportscasters, is older?
Greg Gumbel
What are Hijara and Chicken Cha Cha Cha?
board game
Twin Cities Air Service is an American fixed-base operator and charter airline based at Auburn, Maine and operating from Portland International Jetport, a public airport two miles (3 km) west of downtown Portland, in Cumberland County, in which state?
Maine
Which university which has survived two devastating fires did National Football League player Mike Lucci play at collegiately? 
University of Pittsburgh
What province in Argentina, located in the extreme northwest of the country, is where Susques is located?
Jujuy Province
What is the former name of Jatto Ceesay's birth place?
Bathurst
A musical who has music by Matthew sklar, lyrics by Chad Beguelin and a book by Beguelin and Tim Herlihy was based on a film from what year?
1998
Community is an American television sitcom that follows an ensemble cast, including what actress who played Trudy Campbell in the AMC drama Mad Men?
Alison Brie Schermerhorn
Christine Chatelain gained a role in a satirical erotic romantic comedy film directed by who?
Michael Lehmann
Which movie came first Home on the Range or Herbie Rides Again?
Herbie Rides Again
Are Guang'an and Tongchuan both in China?
yes
Are Jan Troell and Gene Nelson both directors?
no
Hello Mr. and Cracked and what type of media?
magazine
What is the birthdate of this Dutch retired international football player, who is the father of Daley Blind?
1 August 1961
A Berliner is made from what single-celled microorganisms of the fungus kingdom?
Yeast
Maximum Chase is a 2002 action video game with one of the licensed cars being an automobile designed to compete with what?
Ford Mustang
Matthias Mann worked with in a group at Yale University with the man who won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry and shared half of the award with who?
Koichi Tanaka
Are TobyMac and Brett Scallions both Christian artists?
no
F. Matthias Alexander developed an ability that avoided what negative bodily issue?
muscular tension
What did the area which History of Leeds  was anciently a forested area of the Celtic kingdom of later became
the West Riding of Yorkshire
 Do Robert A. Heinlein and Lyudmila Ulitskaya both write science fiction?
no
What French-American animated television series features the fictional character Jon Arbuckle?
The Garfield Show
 The Blurred Lines Tour was by which American singer and record producer?
Robin Charles Thicke
Lisa Marie Presley the American singer songwriter and daughter of Elvis Presley who had multiple marriages including once to Michael Jackson but also to which famous actor who starred in 'Valley Girl', 'Birdy' and 'Peggy Sue Got Married'?
Nicolas Cage
Which plug-in hybrid car was designed by a Project Engineer Manager born in Buenos Aires, Argentina?
Chevrolet Volt
Dramatic School starred the woman who was the first actor to win more than one of what award?
Academy Award
Angela Noelle Schrute, is a fictional character from the US television series "The Office" played by American actress Angela Faye Kinsey (born June 25, 1971) is an American actress known for her role as the uptight, religious, cat-loving accountant Angela Martin in the series on which television channel ?
NBC
What year did the singer behind "Minstrel Boy" reach fame in?
1965
Who co-wrote the film that Thomas Robsahm produced in 2015?
Eskil Vogt
Are Callie Thorne and Denis Peterson both American?
yes
Which Russian composer composed Symphony No. 5?
Dmitri Shostakovich
Were Baylor University and Ateneo de Manila University founded the same year?
no
What property on Fremont Street is owned by Landry's, Inc.?
Golden Nugget Las Vegas
Which Oklahoma All-American defensive tackle helped the 2010 Tampa Bay Buccaneers achieve the best turnaround in franchise history?
Gerald McCoy
Who directed the film "What Happens in Vegas" that Kryten Ritter had a role in?
Tom Vaughan
Bernard Vonnegut I was grandfather to which author who wrote "Slaughterhouse-Five"?
Kurt Vonnegut
What year did the host prior to Alyssa Milano on Project Runway All Stars, appear in the film "CQ?"
2001
When was the brewery founded by the family who resided in the Lemp Mansion founded?
1838
Who recorded this song, whose remix was nominated for a Grammy Award and whose original was featured on Now That's What I Call Music! 59?
Sia
Which US Supreme Court case was argued first, Strickland v. Washington or Garner v. Louisiana?
Garner v. Louisiana
Which mass murderer was the Wilson brother who sang on "In the Back of My Mind" associated with?
Charles Manson
Il trovatore and Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District, are which type of theater?
opera
What Canadian journalist from Nairobi wrote the Pirates of Somalia?
Jay Bahadur
The Alliance for the Future of Austria  is a right-wing populist and national conservative political party in Austria that lost how many seats from 2008 in the municipal council ?
2
What was the population as of the 2010 census of the city where Chris Dyson was born?
32,736
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was a ballet rising from the success of the ballet composed by whom?
Sergei Prokofiev
Brandon Mychal Smith played Stubby in what 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Sterling Knight and Danielle Campbell?
Starstruck
Who son of Bruce Lee starred in Showdown in Little Tokyo
Brandon Lee
What title does both Fabián Bielinsky and Murray Grigor hold in the film industry?
film director
What place did the driver demoted by Manor after round 12 od the 2016 Formula One season finish in the 2015 Bahrain GP2 Series round?
second
Which actor starred in 2016 thriller I.T. and was a friend to Beau St. Clair?
Pierce Brosnan
What profession does Bruiser and Ricky Gervais have in common?
writer
Hops and Alisma, are a type of what?
plant
What name is given to followers of this religion whose architecture is described as open, symmetry-driven and on a square grid of 'padas' an example being the Varaha Cave Temple?
Hindu
Anello & Davide (founded 1922) is a footwear company based in Covent Garden, London, they are perhaps best known as the shoemakers responsible for which style of boot that has been worn since the 1960s made popular by the English rock group the Beatles, for whom they were originally made?
Beatle boot
From where was Patty Wetterling's son kidnapped?
St. Joseph, Minnesota
Vittorio "Little Vic" Amuso (born 1934) is a New York mobster and boss of the Lucchese crime family, he is currently serving a life sentence,on murder and racketeering charges in the Federal Correctional Institution, Cumberland (FCI Cumberland) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in which state?
Maryland
Which of the judges of The X Factor is an Irish entertainment manager?
Louis Walsh
The Aviation Hall of Fame and Museum of New Jersey is located in what county?
Bergen County
What Bill Murray movie features a score composed by Danny Elfman?
Scrooged
Who hosted Saturday Night Live during the premier episode of the season in which Luke Null joined the cast?
Ryan Gosling
Love is Blindness was the final track on the 1991 U2 album produced by which two men?
Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno
Jonathan Hyde played the role of Herbert Cadbury in a movie directed by Donald Petrie in what year?
1994
The offical chess set used in competions is named after who?
they are named after Howard Staunton
Del Webb and Dan Topping co-owned which baseball club?
the New York Yankees
who wrote the South Korean romantic comedy film which Han Ye-seul  played leading roles
Kim Jung-hwan
Notable players for the 1951 Sugar Bowl included a football player who would win the Heisman Trophy in what year?
1952
David Campbell is a faculty member at this fully accredited college located in the Arts District where?
Portland, Maine
What is the name of this British-American computer programmer and businessman, born in 1945, who provided a subsidy for the Molokai Isand Times?
John McAfee
Which song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 was on  the group's second studio album, "It Won't Be Soon Before Long," as well as the third studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna?
Good Girl Gone Bad
Which American media and content company based in New York City has signed Nas, the American hip hop artist?
Mass Appeal
The Jessica Simpson Collection is a fashion line  initially launched as a shoe collaboration with an American fashion wholesale and retail company headquartered where?
White Plains, New York
How long after the assasination of Gerry Hutch did the shoothing of his brother take place?
The shooting of Eddie Hutch Snr occurred on 8 February 2016
Beacon Global Strategies LLC (BGS) is a Washington, DC-based strategic advisory firm founded by Jeremy Bash, Philippe Reines, and Andrew Shapiro in which year?
2013
What is the stage name of band Triptykon
Tom G. Warrior
Harald Sunde played for the Norwegian football club from which city?
Trondheim
What actore appears in the film Best Seller and was also in First Blood?
Brian Dennehy
Where does the state, where Annett State Forest is located, rank, by land area, in the United States ?
5th smallest
The congressional distric that John E. Sweeney represented includes all of which two counties?
Albany and Schenectady
Seraphim Falls stars an actor born in 1958 that also starred as Ed Gein in what movie?
Hitchcock
Which breed of dog, know for driving cattle long distances, was Robert Kaleski known for breeding?
Australian Cattle Dog
Michael Dante DiMartino and Cyma Zarghami are developing a new series for which network?
Nickelodeon
7 Seconds stars Wesley Snipes along side an actress born in what year?
1970
What type of programming language was created by Tony Hoare and can be seen implemented in the Elliot ALGOL complier? 
occam programming language
What state was the woman, who met Mr. Edwards "the wildcat from Tennessee," originally from?
Wisconsin
Which magazine is published in 16 different languages: Mothering or Burda Style?
Burda Style
In which world war did Operation Grenade and Gothic Line occurred?
World War II
Goldfinger is planning to steal the gold reserves in the depository in what US state?
Kentucky
New Zealand born British conductor Ross Pople has worked with what Polish Composer whose best known works include Polish Requiem, Anaklasis and Utrenja?
Krzysztof Penderecki
What English actress performed a pantomime of "Captain Beaky and His Musical Christmas"?
Twiggy
Who is the current head coach of the team where Alex Singleton played as a running back?
Philip Montgomery
Anna Magdalena, is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film, which stars Kelly Chen Ho, a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress, and has been referred to as a what?
diva of Asia
Kaine Harling worked on what 2003 film?
Ned Kelly
Are Moloko and Surrounded from the same country?
no
Who pitched for 20 seasons for the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves and was the older brother of Joe Niekro?4
Phil Niekro
 John Stewart, Earl of Mar was the youngest son of an unpopular and ineffective what?
monarch
Which is farther north, Gainesville Regional Airport or John F. Kennedy International Airport?
John F. Kennedy International Airport
Putnam County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York, Putnam County formed in 1812 from Dutchess County and is named for Israel Putnam, a hero in the French and Indian War, comprised the North American theater of which worldwide war of 1756–63?
Seven Years' War
The volcano that destroyed the Roman city of Pompeii is located where?
Gulf of Naples
Band of Horses and Young Guns, are of which genre?
rock
The Stockholm International Film Festival has been host to which actress and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador?
Susan Abigail Sarandon
Who wrote the play that Jack Thompson was the lead actor in 1980?
David Williamson
 In the Mouth of Madness starred which New Zealand actor?
Nigel John Dermot Neill
What popular breed that is a grief therapy dog can be found in the mountains and originated from the canton of Bern?
The Bernese Mountain Dog
Best-Lock Construction Toys are compatible with a line of construction toys manufactured by a privately held company based out of where?
Billund, Denmark
What is the name of this Indian singer, who appeared in Comedy Circus Ke Taansen and recorded a dance song Main Tera Boyfriend with Meet Bros and Arijit Singh?
Neha Kakkar
The Battle of Køge Bay, this indecisive battle took place on 4 October 1710, during the Great Northern War, a conflict in which a coalition led by the Tsardom of Russia successfully contested the supremacy of the Swedish Empire in Central, Northern, and Eastern Europe, and occurred during which span of year?
1700–21
Which early leader of the Haitian Revolution conducted a secret ceremony during which the first major slave insurrection was planned in 1791?
Dutty Boukman
What nationality is the vocalist to which the song Ask is credited ?
English
In what year did James Holloway co-conspire to assassinate King Charles II of England and James, Duke of York?
1683
Which host of Dancing on Ice is most recognized for presenting the lifestyle programme "This Morning"?
Phillip Schofield
Electronic Gaming Monthly and Tall Timber Short Lines, are what type of publication?
magazine
What is the sixth album of Judas Priest's?
British Steel
Ogre is a 2017 computer game based on a tabletop wargame by what American game designer who was born in 1953?
Steve Jackson
When was the earliest version of the story told in La bella dormente nel bosco composed?
between 1330 and 1344
What open-air stadium in Philadelphia hosted the 1985 event that was billed as the "global jukebox"? 
John F. Kennedy Stadium
The Fruit Bowl was a post-season college football bowl game held in December at Kezar Stadium, an outdoor athletics stadium in San Francisco, California, located adjacent to Kezar Pavilion in the southeastern corner of which location?
Golden Gate Park
Florence Mall is noted for what adjacent water tower owned by the city of Florence, Kentucky, United States
Florence Y'all Water Tower
“Regarding Margie” is an episode from a Simpson's season that was released in Region 1 on which day ?
December 2, 2014
Which was released first, Fred Ott's Sneeze or Mala Mala?
Fred Ott's Sneeze
Are  Kill Hannah and Flyleaf from the same state?
no
What country bordered by Costa Rica to the west is known for Drescoma cyrdipsa?
Panama
In what year was Samuel David Koch drafted by the professional American football team based in Baltimore,  Maryland? 
2006
 Are both The Caribbean Pioneer and Time published at the same frequency?
no
The dance double in the Black Swan dance double controversy involved which principal dancer of the American Ballet Theatre?
Sarah Lane
Who won the Pulitzer Prize, Albert Kapikian or William Saroyan?
William Saroyan
Bruce Edwards Ivins worked at Fort Detrick which hosted most elements of what?
United States biological defense program
This city is known as the "heart of the Ruby Valley" and contains Gordon Peak which has an elevation of 8478ft?
Sheridan
Who directed the 2010 American comedy film written by Josh Klausner?
Shawn Levy
Which book was written following the first of ten books of the Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson?
Words of Radiance
Tommy Knight played the role of Brodie in the drama series created by whom?
Daisy Goodwin
Who is the director of the 2017 American 3D computer-animated auto racing sports comedy adventure film for which Ben Queen wrote the screenplay?
Brian Fee
What is character for which the ballet dancer who appeared in a 1946 American romantic comedy directed by Alfred Green was known?
Daniel Pontipee
Who is the Hawaiian native of Portuguese descent had a number one hit song with a rap verse by Bobby Brown?
Glenn Medeiros
What fictional character appearing in American comic books was played by Aytekin Akkaya in a Turkish cult action film?
Captain America
What singer has sold over 3 million albums and 5 million singles worldwide released his second studio album on May 15, 2012?
Adam Mitchel Lambert
Holger-Madsen and Lucile Hadžihalilović, are a writer and director?
yes
Which character was adopted as the official Warner Bros. mascot, and featured in cartoons such as 1951's "Hare We Go"?
Bugs Bunny
Who was born first, Arthur Penn or Ron Clements?
Arthur Hiller Penn
What actress plays "Frankie" in an American sitcom about a middle-class family living in Indiana facing the day-to-day struggles of home life, work, and raising children?
Patricia Helen Heaton
The JanBus is a heavy duty passenger bus manufactured in what country?
India
Anthony Asquith and Charles Jarrott, have which mutual occupation?
film director
Who directed the film for which Aerosmith performed the song "Sweet Emotion" ? 
Michael Bay,
The World's Funniest! is a reality show hosted by the sportscaster known for what CBS Sports program?
The NFL Today
Noall Wooton was the lead prosecutor of which person who demanded the death penalty for his own trial and was the first person to be executed in 1976?
Gary Gilmore
The Cody Michelin Cup Biplane was built by a man born in what US city?
Davenport
What is the Australian soap opera that features an actor from the movie "The Girl is in Trouble"?
"Neighbours"
What is the name of this season that premiered on Comedy Central on September 25, 2013 created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?
South Park
When was the American resonator guitar and lap steel player born who produced "From Ankara to Izmir"?
May 28, 1956
Who was born first Thornton Freeland or  L. Ron Hubbard ?
Thornton Freeland
The novel, "The Paris Wife" is the fictional account a marriage that occured in what year?
1921
When was the community, where Nicodemus National Historic Site is located, founded?
1877
What case, involving an enslaved man of "the negro African race" who had been taken by his owners to free states and territories, attempted to sue for his freedom, referenced American Insurance Co. v. 356 Bales of Cotton?
Dred Scott v. Sandford
What is the name of the actor who played Pee-wee Herman on Pee-wee's Playhouse?
Paul Reubens
Who has sold more albums, Papa Roach or the Goo Goo Dolls?
Papa Roach
Who is an American musician, principally known for his work as guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for alternative rock bands Hüsker Dü in the 1980s and Sugar in the 1990s,  Amanda Wilkinson or Bob Mould ?
Robert Arthur Mould
Tommy Henriksen was part of the rock supergroup formed by Alice Cooper in which year?
2015
Do Murphy Jensen and Pablo Cuevas play the same sport?
yes
What 1987 television film directed by Jud Taylor stars the actress best known for portraying Beverly Marsh in the "It" miniseries?
Broken Vows
What year was this team promoted to La Liga after promotion from the Segunda División B in 2007-08?
2016–17
The human rights campaigner who was the subject of an unauthorized biography by Jerry Oppenheimer is the widow of what politician?
Robert F. Kennedy
What historic warehouse district field held the 2013 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament and is also the occasional home of Minnesota Golder Gophers baseball?
Target Field
Who directed the music video for the song for which Taylor Swift stated was the first time she had ever apologized to someone in a song?
Yoann Lemoine
Who won the French Open more times, Andrés Gimeno or Lucie Šafářová?
Lucie Šafářová
What canal acquires water from the Rio Grande from the American Diversion Dam at the Texas-New Mexico-Mexico border, 2 miles northwest of El Paso, Pennsylvania Canal or American Canal? 
American Canal
Which tennis player was born first, Garbiñe Muguruza Blanco or Tomás Carbonell Lladó?
Tomás Carbonell
TextEdit was first featured in what American computer and software company founded in 1985 by Apple Computer co-founder Steve Jobs?
NeXT
Who wrote the first song Anthony Mandler directed the music video for with Rihanna?
Shaffer "Ne-Yo" Smith
Souvenir d'un lieu cher was written by a Russian composer of the romantic period, who was honored in 1884, and awarded a lifetime pension by who?
Emperor Alexander III
Are either Bruce Dickinson or Bob Geldof American?
no
What is a Christian theme park in Orlando, Florida, owned by a company who owns a television station that broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 51?
Holy Land Experience
In between Tagetes and Tetradium which one was described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753?
Tagetes
Who was the founding chairman of the company whose name is an acronym for South Australia Northern Territory Oil Search?
John Bonython
What Disney Channel movie sequel had a song peak at 77 in the Billboard Hot 100?
Descendants 2
What region is the city, in which Francesco Filidei was born, located?
Tuscany
Gwendolyn Elaine Armstrong, along with a veteran of which branch of the armed services, attempted to integrate universities in the South?
Air Force
The actor who played Carl Sweetchuck in the "Police Academy" films wrote the screenplay for "About Last Night" along with who else?
Denise DeClue
Which documentary film released first, Shoah or Little Man?
Shoah
 Between King Charles and The Joy Formidable, which is a band with 3 members?
Joy Formidable
Military expression is an area of military law pertaining to the United States military that relates to the free speech rights of its service members, That hearing also included references by which U.S. Representative, and American politician (D-TX), who also referred to the area of law as "military expression"?
Sheila Jackson Lee
Tam Lin is a character in a legendary ballad originating from Norfolk, it's also associated with the Glasgow Reel, a folk dance type, as well as the accompanying dance tune type, is called?
Reel
The player voted SEC Player of the Year in 1990 played college football at what university?
University of Florida
Who was the Dutch theoretical physicist that created the 't Hooft η symbol?
Gerard 't Hooft
Henrietta d'Oultremont was the second wife of a king born in what year?
1772
What is the management company of the band that created the song "The Shock of the Lightning"?
Ignition
Who was the director of the flim in which an American actor, known for playing Stuart Bloom on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", was a star??
Jeff Buhler
Jimi Hendrix and Demis Roussos, have which mutual occupation?
singer
Charles Dwight Sigsbee si remembered as the captain of a naval ship that sank in which harbor ?
Havana Harbor
Which singer left The George Duke Band opened for Prince's Parade Tour, the first full tour in Europe by Prince?
Sheila E.
A progressive parlay is a joint wager on multiple events, for example team sports or horse races, however, unlike a regular parlay, if some of the individual bets lose, but most win, the bettor still wins, although with a much smaller payout, what is called, an accumulator, or combo bet is a single bet that links together two or more individual wagers and is dependent on all of those wagers winning together?
parlay
When was the brewery who owns The Princess Louise founded?
1758
"The Great Louse Detective" is the sixth episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television sitcom "The Simpsons", Bart's mortal enemy Sideshow Bob is sent to live with the Simpsons so he can help find Homer's attempted killer, who turns out to be the son of which man, from the twenty-third episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series, titled what?
Homer's Enemy
Today's American image of the Santa suit, created by Thomas Nast, is based off of which traditional German figures?
Sankt Nikolaus and Weihnachtsmann
Between Indiana University and University of Washington, which institution has more campuses?
Indiana University
Which British TV series featured "Eddie the Eagle," a British skier who in 1988 became the first competitor since 1929 to represent Great Britain in Olympic ski jumping?
The Jump
Mohandas Gandhi is an outdoor bronze sculpture depicting Mahatma Gandhi by Kantilal B. Patel, located at which important and historic intersection and surrounding neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue – came together in the early 19th century?
Union Square
In 2011 Walt Anderson was named as a referee for a super bowl held in what stadium?
Cowboys Stadium
Who played Pauline Fossil on a show that premiered on BBC in December 2007?
Emma Watson
Who is known for nonlinear storylines, Richard Donner or Quentin Tarantino?
Quentin Jerome Tarantino
Which producer produced the vocal group that dropped "El Lute" / "Gotta Go Home" 
Frank Farian
Which guest judge on Under the Gunn appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue"
Heidi Klum
What state is an Iroquois named town with a privately owned public airport in? 
New York
Who was born first, Herta Müller or Arthur Koestler?
Arthur Koestler
Brian Henson and Pedro Costa have both worked what occupation?
director
Between The Border Surrender and Florence and the Machine, which band has more core members?
The Border Surrender
 What is an Italian language weekly women's and fashion magazine based in Milan, Italy, Elle Girl or Donna Moderna? 
Donna Moderna
Which American filmmaker directed the 2011 film Spy Kids 4: All the Time in the World and launched his own cable television channel El Rey?
Robert Rodriguez
Jonathan Glazer and Robert Rodriguez both work as what?
filmmaker
In which year was Robert Baillie involved in a conspiracy which aimed to assassinate King Charles II of England?
1683
Diana Ross and Leslie West, are Americans with which occupation?
songwriter
The artist who released the album "Al Despertar" is sometimes known as what?
La Negra
Isla Pitahaya is an island in Bahía Concepción near Playa Santispac, in Baja California Sur, the island's name is derived from the fact that the island has many tall pitahaya cacti that are clearly observable from afar, they are the fruit of several cactus species indigenous to which locations?
Americas
The subject of James Scurlock's most recent book was co-founder of what company?
DHL Worldwide Express
Who wrote the music for Danny Burstein's Tony win in Follies? 
Stephen Sondheim
Marguerite Duras and Leni Riefenstahl, is French?
no
When did the father of George J. Gruen pass away ?
1911
During which years was the German politician, who issued the Nero Decree, Chancellor of Germany?
1933 to 1945
The nationality of Adèle Exarchopoulos, the lead actress from Blue is the Warmest Colour, and the graphic novel written as the premise for the role are?
French
John Elwood Schweitz, is a retired American basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA), he played in two NBA seasons, for which American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington? 
Seattle SuperSonics
Actor and dancer Corey Snide graduated from high school in what state?
New York
Which co-founder of Garmin Ltd. was born in Lenexa, Kansas and has a  personal wealth estimated at $3 billion?
Min Kao
Maggie Lawson has starred in TV sitcoms including "Inside Schwartz", "Crumbs" and which CBS show opposite Charlie Sheen?
Two and a Half Men
The 1999 Louisville Cardinals football team were led by the college coach who now leads what team?
Kentucky State University
This author wrote the best selling Dragon Tears in 1993 and have appeared on what Bestseller list?
The New York Times
Sheila Nix most recently served as chief of staff to a woman born in what year?
1951
Avengers in Galactic Storm was based on primarily the characters briefly known as the Ruul and what other group?
The Avengers
What game with Ellie as the main protagonist was announced at the PlayStation Experience event in December 2016?
The Last of Us Part II
Which is a rare breed of sled dog, the Thai Bangkaew Dog or the Chinook? 
Chinook
George William John Reston was a member of both St Albans and than for who
Warwick
 "D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune)" is a song is the first single on an album released through distribution from who?
Atlantic Records
In what year was the famous preacher of San Marco, Florence born?
1452
Nazi Party leader Adolf Hitler used the term Blutzeuge in his dedication in his autobiographical book in what year?
1925
What Scottish actor starred in the 1989 Sidney Lumet directed comedy Family Business?
Sean Connery
Managed by American record producer Mike Sapone, what city in Florida does Mayday Parade call home?
Tallahassee
Who is the patron saint of hop-pickers and belgian brewers that was born in the village of Tiegem?
Arnold of Soissons
What interactive movie game was originally released for the arcades in 1983?
Dragon's Lair
Which power generating plant is at Killingholme in north Lincolnshire, and powers Lindsey Oil Refinery?
Immingham Power Station
The lead singer of The Snapdragons shared a moniker with what man who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000?
James Taylor
The Chinese sitcom "Home with Kids" is considered equivalent to what US sitcom that ran for seven seasons from 1985 to 1992?
Growing Pains
When was the asteroid, discovered at Palomar Observatory by the JPL Near Earth Asteroid Tracking Program and named after an astronaut who was killed in the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster, discovered?
July 19, 2001
What is the height of the person that defeat David Wright of the New York 
6 ft and weighs 240 lbs
How many acres is the campus of the rival of The Hill School?
700
What year did flower show that is, held annually in the same site as the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne, Australia, begin?
1995
Who was born first, Dave Evans or Tom Barman?
Dave Evans
Are Alicia Molik and Todd Woodbridge both retired professional tennis players?
yes
The album Speak Now was a follow-up to which album in which Taylor Swift made her debut as a record producer?
Fearless
Sayyid Baba Azmi is the child of a poet and lyricist remembered as the one who brought Urdu literature to what?
Indian motion pictures
The Panzer Grenadier series was a game that was based on the conflict that last during what time period?
1939 to 1945
Speed 3 was an episode of Father Ted written by the comedy director who partnered with whom?
Arthur Mathews
In 2010, Sharron Angle ran unsuccessfully against which U.S. Senator and Majority Leader?
Harry Reid
Who is the lead singer of the Ernesto Juan Castellanos produced group that was had ten songs i the top 10 UK Singles Chart?
Mick Hucknall
The author the "Breaking the Surface" won Summer Olympic gold medals in which years?
1984 and 1988
What was the official position of this American career diplomat who died during the attack in which Ahmed Abu Khattala participated in 2012?
U.S. Ambassador to Libya
What is the surname of the person the Czech winner of 12 Grand Slam doubles titles and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles defeat in the 1998 wimbledon women's singles semifinals?
Hingis
The Greatest Songs of the Sixties is Barry Manilow's sequel album, includes the classic song And I Love Her, recorded by which English rock band, written primarily by Paul McCartney?
Beatles
Whose novel inspired the 2013 American paranormal romantic zombie comedy film in which Teresa Palmer played the leading role?
Isaac Marion
The game  Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse was developed by a company based in what California city?
San Rafael
In which state of Australia can you find the Fitzroy Football Club where Norm Hillard, an Australian rules footballer, played and which represents an inner-Melbourne suburb?
Victoria
This American drama film starring Colin Firth was directed by an American fashion designer who directed what 2016 film?
Nocturnal Animals
Kim Woo-bin (born Kim Hyun-joong on July 16, 1989) is a South Korean model and actor, in 2016, he took on his first leading role on television in which South Korean television series starring Bae Suzy and himself, it aired every Wednesdays and Thursdays on KBS2 at 21:55 from July 6 to September 8, 2016?
Uncontrollably Fond
The 2009 animated film entitled The Princess and the Frog is based off of a children's novel by which author?
Elizabeth Dawson Baker
What American actress began her career playing Lily Lebowski on the series Crossing Jordan and was in the movie Len and Company.
Kathryn Hahn
"Enough" is the third single by a Finnish vocalist born in what year?
1977
What industry are both Arnold Johnson and Rocky popular?
film
Carolyn Sherwin Bailey contributed to the American magazine published by the Meredith Corporation that announced on what day that it would no longer be publishing the magazine as a monthly?
On April 24, 2014
An American producer and director on Broadway was the father of an American Screenwriter and film director who was born where?
New York
Who was the husband of Tashlultum and father of Rimush ?
King Sargon of Akkad
Cyber is a villian who appears in a comic book series created by what writer?
Stan Lee
Rays from the Rose Cross and The American Prospect, are which type of media?
magazine
Which battle gaming and live-action fantasy roleplaying game was featured on season 1 of "Beyond Geek"?
Amtgard
Who is the lyrics writer for the album Candles, Snow & Mistletoe and the children television show that premiered in November 1969?
Mark Saltzman
Are both Grey Gardens and The Cove documentary films?
yes
What was the film debut of the woman that KDrew collaborated with on "Summer Ashes"?
Crazy/Beautiful
Which band is best known for their 1963 recording of Richard Berry?
The Kingsmen
The 36th Chamber of Shaolin, is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Liu Chia-liang and starring which Chinese martial arts film actor and martial artist, that became famous for playing the lead role of San Te in the film, and its sequels?
Gordon Liu
Which of the professional Boxers that Bruce Trampler helped was born on February 13, 1967 ?
Johnny Tapia
what spanish verb does the eastern waterfront and roadway of the Port of San Francisco which  Market Street begin at derived from
"embarcar"
What toy company received the license to produce a toyline based on a series that aired in 1974?
Tiger Toys
What sports governing role has been fulfilled by both Helmut Käser and Stanley Rous?
President of FIFA
Anmol Ratan is a 1950 Bollywood film that co-starred what Indian film actress who is the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda?
Nirmala Devi
What offensive was a major part of the final Allied offensive of World War I, Meuse-Argonne Offensive or Korean War?
The Meuse-Argonne Offensive
Which 2007 Harry Potter film, which is the fifth installment in the "Harry Potter" film series, is one of the movies in which Lego Harry Potter: Years 5–7 is based on? 
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Which American actor acted in Drive 
Bryan Lee Cranston
In what year was the lyricist of "Beautiful Love" born?
1888
In addition to the Austrian passport, what is needed to gain access to 173 countries and territories?
national identity card
The Battle of Stones River and Battle of Chickamauga were both fought during what?
Civil War
What privately financed project was led my Andre Borscheberg, Bertrand Piccard, and Brian Jones?
Solar Impulse
What is the population of the city which hosted a Forum for the  G8 Climate Change Roundtable?
permanent population of (2016 )
Which South American country has the city Barranquilla and is the birthplace of Jery Sandoval?
Colombia
Who was governor of Minnesota when Republican David Brown unseated Democrat Lisa Fobbe?
Tim Pawlenty
What type of group does The Design Revolution and William A. Dembski have in common?
community
How many times was Deltha Lee O'Neal, III selected for the all-star game of the National Football League?
two-time
When was the company founded that owns Safal ?
1974
What type of food are the Goombas from the popular 80s Nintendo games?
mushrooms
Who is younger, Dennis Locorriere or Crispian Mills?
Crispian Mills
What ranked 7th on the list of largest banks in the United States helped CommonBond Communities in 2000?
U.S. Bancorp
Skookum is the name of a breed of cat similar to its parent breed which come in what?
many colors and patterns
Express 24/7 was a sister channel to the news channel in what language?
Urdu
On what frequency was the Radio station on which Julian Schiller started presenting the "Drive" program?
891 kHz
Murder in Texas was a film starring the actress who won a Golden Globe for what movie?
Voyage of the Damned
Which Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference previous guest was born on August 15, 1964 ?
Melinda Gates
In what year was the mother of Rani Varma born?
1926
Justin Brooks is a defense attorney that represented the NFL player who played for what team in 2013?
Atlanta Falcons
In de mix is a Belgian Flemish television series launched in 2012 and hosted by Moroccan-Belgian R&B singer Brahim Attaeb known as Brahim, it's an adaptation of original series of shows done on Dutch television station TROS and hosted by which fellow Moroccan-Dutch artist?
Ali B
Saint Petersburg Academic University is headed by a physicist born in which year ?
1930
What year was the Polish composer of Symphony No. 3 born?
1933
"The Sun Always Shines on T.V." is a song by Norwegian pop rock music band A-ha, it was released as the third single from their hit debut album,Hunting High and Low, released on which date by Warner Bros?
1 June 1985
What do Cenxi and Ulan Hot have in common?
county-level city
What is the name of the 2006 film that Jean-Michel Bernard with Director Michel Gondry?
The Science of Sleep
Who operates the services on the line where Watford Junction Motive Power Depot was situated?
London Overground
Which wing was the Air Force Station located at the Air Force Space and Missile Museum in?
45th Space Wing
Joseph Wolfe is the son of the late conductor of which orchestra founded in 1904?
London Symphony Orchestra
Where is the head coach of the 2009 Southern Miss Golden Eagled football team now employed ?
University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill.
Who was the coach of the team that played against the Iowa Hawkeyes in the 2010 Insight bowl?
Gary Pinkel
Which star from Dracula in the Provences was also featured in a lead role in a television production of "Design for Living"?
John Steiner
Do both Piers Haggard and Lasse Hallström work with musicians to produce music videos?
no
What do Pale Saints and The Vaselines have in common?
rock band
The actor that plays Max Raban in the tv series "Midnight Man" played what role in the film "Hear My Song"?
Fintan O'Donnell
 "Long Live" is a song from an album released by which record label ?
Big Machine Records
The Forum Novum was a municipium located today in this Comuni?
Torri in Sabina
The University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma is funded by what system?
state university system
What actor starred both in the movie "The Culling" and the HBO series "The Deuce?"
Christopher James "Chris" Coy
Name the nationality of the dependent territory of Bouvet Island which has the internet country code top-level domain of bv, with the nation having a further two top-level domains of no and sj?
Norwegian
Which American musician wrote Brass in Pocket
Christine Ellen "Chrissie" Hynde
What actor born in 1973 starred in a 2003 South Korean film directed by Bong Man-dae?
Kim Sung-soo
Who is set to appear in the remake of a 1992 movie that's based on One Thousand and One Nights?
Naomi Grace Scott
What nicknames were applied to Margaret de Audley, 2nd Baroness Audley royal great grandfather ?
Edward Longshanks and the Hammer of the Scots
What year was the author of Samarkand born?
1949
What was the previous name of the suburb that is included in Norwood electoral district?
"College Town"
Because these areas have tribal sovereignty what proposal was approved by 51.51% of the voters on November 5, 1996 by the state of Michigan?
Michigan Gaming Control and Revenue Act
One of the musicians who released the Grammy-nominated "Fallling Slowly"  is also a guitarist for what Irish group?
The Frames
are Peter Murphy and Dave Mustaine from the same country
no
What filmmaker made 40 predominately B-movies, Scott Shaw or Seijun Suzuki?
Seijun Suzuki
Which American recording engineer recorded Van Morrison's fifth studio album?
Wally Heider
Inside was written for the advert in the UK created by the company founded in what year?
1853
Leighton Jordan is an American beauty pageant titleholder from a city located in this county in Georgia?
Gwinnett County
Who cared for the castle with which was the caput of Lord of Liddesdale?
Historic Scotland
When did the singer who originally recorded "Twisting the Night Away" pass away?
1964
Escape from Colditz is a strategy card and dice-based board game based on the prisoner of war camp located where?
between the towns of Hartha and Grimma on a hill spur over the river Zwickauer Mulde, a tributary of the River Elbe
Al-Battani and Ibn al-Shatir, have which mutual occupation?
astronomer
What date was the Foo Fighter's album released which contains the single "Rope?"
April 12, 2011
Prior to Football at the 1983 Pan American Games, this national team was the national champion that is administered by which organization?
Brazilian Football Confederation
Route 66 State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri, located on the former site of which ghost town in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States, 17 mi southwest of St. Louis and 2 mi east of Eureka?
Times Beach
Felix Aderca belonged to a literary movement that started in what country?
Germany
In what year was the 2007 National League Championship Series Most Valuable Player's agent born?
1952
which church has more counties, Chichester Cathedral or Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford?
Christ Church Cathedral
Which building is taller, Marine Midland Building or W New York Downtown Hotel and Residences?
Marine Midland Building
The Mask, starring Jim Carrey, also marked the film debut of which star actress and voice artist?
Cameron Diaz
Who is the coward character who plays appears in one of Shakespeare's lesser-regarded works that has been adapted for the opera on several occasions?
Ancient Pistol
What year was the science fiction novella that was parodied in the 33rd "Tom and Jerry" short serialized?
1897
Which 2000 American action film featured the rapper professionally known as DMX?
Romeo Must Die
Which opera was the first opera specifically composed for television in America, Partenope or Amahl and the Night Visitors?
Amahl and the Night Visitors
Which group is from the United States, Gnarls Barkley or The Joy Formidable?
Gnarls Barkley
 Thomas Joshua Cooper is an American photographer who decends from an indigenous people of where?
Southeastern Woodlands
What was the primary subject of both the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom and I Have a Dream?
civil and economic rights
Are both Said the Whale and Black considered to be in the Rock genre of music?
yes
What is the passenger count of the airline alliance that is larger than the last of the major alliances formed?
689.98 million
The Castle Dairy implies a connection to which medieval fortification to the east of the town of Kendal, Cumbria, in northern England?
Kendal Castle
Which breed is from India, Kromfohrländer or Mudhol Hound?
Mudhol Hound
Who was the creator of the episode entitled "My Sister, My Sitter"?
Matt Groening
In what year was the author of "Paths of Glory" born?
1940
What Australian dramatic coloratura soprano collaborated with Richard Conrad?
Dame Joan Alston Sutherland
In what year was the actress who starred with Arjun Rampal as the lead pair in the film "Moksha" born?
1970
What century was the castle that required repairs to the seat by John MacLeod of MacLeod first built?
13th century
Sihung Lung had a role in the Taiwanese film about a gay immigrant released in what year?
1993
When was the person that stars in 3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom that is also in Sons of Anarchy born?
10 April 1980
What was clipper ship, built in Sunderland, England, and launched on 7 May 1864, was the headquarters of the founder and honorary commodore of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Club?
City of Adelaide
Who was best known for her role in "Andy Warhol's Bad", Ivan Galamian or Cyrinda Foxe?
Cyrinda Foxe
Flip Saunders was an American basketball player and coach, of which American professional basketball team, based in Detroit, Michigan?
Detroit Pistons
William McEwan, was a Scottish politician and brewer, he founded the Fountain Brewery in which year, which distributes McEwan's is a brand of beer that originated in Edinburgh, Scotland?
1856
Which is more widespread, Cimicifuga or Andropogon?
Andropogon
Sarovar Hotels & Resorts, is a privately owned hotel chain in India, affiliated with which American privately held international corporation, active in hospitality services, in the hotel and travel industries?
Carlson Companies
Erin Dilly portrays Truly Scrumptious in the 2005 musical based on a film by what author?
Albert R. Broccoli
What four-time Olympic gold medalist did Francis Xavier Cretzmeyer, Jr. often come in second to?
Jesse Owens
Who created this character who is a member of the Infinity Watch and the Guardians of the Galaxy?
Jim Starlin
Which expedition was the man who developed the Chinook dogsled breed part of?
Byrd Antarctic Expedition
Who was a director of theatrical revues that featured the actress and singer Shirley Kellogg, Albert de Courville or Edgar Selwyn?
Albert de Courville
What is the distinctive characteristic of this African equid featured in Pearls Before Swine?
black and white striped coats
When was Rupert von Trapp father born? 
4 April 1880
Who was best known for his orchestral suite "The Planets" who had his music in the opening and closing of an hour-long children's television program
Gustav Theodore Holst
What 2015 Kenny Ortega film has songs appearing in Just Dance: Disney Party 2?
Descendants
Which rapper put out an album that featured a guest appearance from a hip hop artist that had won Best Grime Act at the 2014 and 2015 MOBO Awards?
Giggs
Jim Denomie is a painter of an Anishinaabeg group of indigenous peoples who are are one of the largest Indigenous ethnic groups north of what?
the Rio Grande
Not including guest members, which band consisted of more members, Temple of the Dog or The Sugarcubes?
The Sugarcubes
The Arcus Foundation is a charitable foundation focused on issues related to, which laws, affecting lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people vary greatly by country or territory—everything from legal recognition of same-sex marriage or other types of partnerships, to the death penalty as punishment for same-sex romantic/sexual activity or identity?
LGBT rights
Who is the Ivorian actor born on August 12, 1957 that starred in the 2014 Irish drama film Calvary?
Isaach de Bankolé
The band that made the album "The Green Book" is from what city?
Detroit, Michigan
In which battle did Ukita Hideie fight Tokugawa Ieyasu resulting in Hideie's exile?
Battle of Sekigahara
Anthony Stephen Burke (born 4 November 1969) is a Labor member of the House of Representatives, in the Australian Parliament representing which Australian electoral division, in the state of New South Wales?
Division of Watson
n recent years Pakistan champions cricket league (PCCL) matches have been telecasted live through a channel that belongs to which corporation ?
Independent Media Corporation
What conference did Lindsey Michael Mason play in during college?
Big 12 Conference
What will be the first newly-constructed resort on the new upcoming gondola lift system for Disney?
Disney Riviera Resort
"High Enough" is a song by an American supergroup formed in what year?
1989
Ship of Fools starred which English stage and film actress?
Vivien Leigh
How many Latin Grammy Award nominations did the artist, who released "Latina" album, receive?
seven
Are Anatole France and Charles Reznikoff both poets ?
yes
Who has recorded more albums, Sunny Day Real Estate or Against Me!?
Against Me!
What is the full name of the electronic producer that released "Life Is Full of Possibilities"?
James Scott "Jimmy" Tamborello
Who is the narrator of the TV series where Mae Whitman played Ann Veal ?
Ron Howard
Which three Disney locations host a ride in which an animatronic character described as "an elderly [male] ghost ... clutching a hatbox" originally appeared in the ride's attic scene?
Disneyland, Magic Kingdom, and Tokyo Disneyland
In what city are both Howard University Hospital and MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital located?
Washington, D.C.
Who opened Dorin Park Special School and former football player?
Phil Neville
Drive Angry is a 2011 American fantasy action film starring Nicolas Cage and Amber Laura Heard, an American actress, who made her film debut in which year?
2004
What American criminal defense attorney defended an American domestic terrorist who killed two people in the southern United States by bombing?
Judy Clare Clarke
Which Hawaii Democrat, and first American Samoan of the Unites States Congress, sponsored the "Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2017"? 
Tulsi Gabbard
The creator of the Volta Laboratory and Bureau was credited with patenting what first? 
telephone
What is the nationality of the Sprinter in the theatrical release documentary I Am Bolt ?
Jamaican
Are Daphne and Jenůfa both operas?
yes
Peter Griffith's granddaughter had her screen debut in what 1999 film?
"Crazy in Alabama"
Who is an American singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT rights activist who released a 1985 song  for the film "The Goonies"?
Cynthia Ann Stephanie "Cyndi" Lauper
St. Albert is a city in Alberta, in which country, on the Sturgeon River northwest of the City of Edmonton, is the capital city of the Canadian province of Alberta?
Canada
Eliza Doolittle was first presented on stage in what year?
1913
What profession is shared by Paul Thomas Anderson and Russell DeGrazier?
filmmaker
 Sir William Ewart Bell  was the president of a managing rugby union that has it's home ground at which stadium ?
Aviva Stadium
A Celtic Journey is an album by a singer that was part of what musical ensemble?
Celtic Woman
When will the current class of Australian multiple unit cars operated by NSW Trainlink in New South Wales enter service?
between 2019 and 2022
Which alternative rock band did the singer of "Violently Happy" used to be a part of?
The Sugarcubes
What Canadian electronic rock band formed in London, Ontario released a DVD directed by Dan Ouellette?
The Birthday Massacre
What are The Bohemian Girl and Der Kaiser von Atlantis?
The Bohemian Girl is a ballad opera
Robert Lincoln Patterson served during World War I in a branch of the Armed Forces that dates its institutional inception to what year?
1775
Which NBA All-Star MVP also played for the Michigan State Spartans in 1979?
Magic Johnson
Were Natalia Ginzburg and Hart Crane both poets?
no
Gregory Blaxland is credited with what achievement?
1813 crossing of the Blue Mountains
What does Dunn's Famous Deli and Steakhouse serve is a raw meat is brined, partially dried, seasoned with herbs and spices, then smoked and steamed?
Pastrami
In which country was the company that released "Extracts from the Film A Hard Day's Night" first founded?
Germany
Which artist who released the album "Hello, I'm Dolly" has collaborated with Kathy Mattea?
Dolly Parton
Dawson's Weekly is a seven-part series of half-hour comedy plays, starring which English comedian, actor, writer, and presenter, who is best remembered for his deadpan style, curmudgeonly persona and jokes about his mother-in-law and wife?
Les Dawson
The Montana Freemen engaged in a standoff with the FBI, Catherine Wessinger was a professor that served as a consultant to federal law enforcement during this, at which school did she work?
Loyola University New Orleans
What year was the Disney movie starring Telly Blackwood released?
1997
The Harry Winokur owned Mister Donut chain was was bought out by which large coffee and baked good chain in 1990?
Dunkin' Donuts
 Hum Tum stars which Indian film actor and producer born on August 16, 1970?
Saif Ali Khan
The team that lost to the team coached by Steve Prohm in the second round 2015-16 season's NCAA tournament was coached by whom?
Chris Beard
What country are NBCUniversal Archives and 30 Rockefeller Plaza operated in?
United States
What is the nationality of a player that was traded during the 2010–11 Phoenix Suns season, and also went on to play for the Houston Rockets?
Slovenian
Who created the game mechanics that were later used by the "Mother" series of video games?
Yuji Horii
The 2009 United States Open Championship was held in what county?
Nassau
The Logan & Southern Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of West Virginia, it's a state located in which region of the Southern United States?
Appalachian
As Far as I Can See... included the singer and record producer who is of what nationality?
English
Which dog breed is used as a gundog in hunting, the Seppala Siberian Sleddog or the Wirehaired Pointing Griffon?
The Wirehaired Pointing Griffon
When was the album that "Wildest Dreams" was on released?
October 27, 2014
Was either the Tet Offensive or Western Allied invasion of Germany started on a holiday?
yes
"Everybody's on the Run" is a song from an album that was the first studio release since it's frontman departed from Oasis in what year?
2009
The Cirrus SR22 aircraft was built by a company founded in what year?
1984
Which of the following was founded by the Society of Jesus: Ateneo de Manila University or Washington State University?
Ateneo de Manila University
Arrhenius equation was proposed by this  Nobel-Prize winning Swedish scientist who is one of the founders of the science of what?
physical chemistry
"Woman Don't You Cry For Me" was released in what month?
November
Where is the mobile company named Tecno Mobile, who created HiOS, located?
Hong Kong
What fruit, often soaked in a suspension of food coloring, is found on top of a Manchester tart?
Maraschino cherry
The Apples in Stereo and SafetySuit are both what?
rock band
Which Republican House Representative was defeated by Thad Cochran for a Senate Chair in 2014?
Chris McDaniel
When did the TV series which showed the episode Nepotism start on NBC ? 
March 24, 2005,
The New York City Airport that is associated with Shuttle America is located on which New York bays?
Flushing and Bowery Bays
What FIA drag racing class is similar to the Australian Top Doorslammer clas?
Pro Modified
Exile was a game that was in the demoware series created by whom?
Jeff Vogel
Which national park has more land area, Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park or the Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
Ordesa y Monte Perdido
Gummibar is most notable for a novelty dance song that was first released in Hungary, and was written by who?
Christian Schneider
Chris McKay directed three seasons of the show that was shown on which channel?
Adult Swim
Nick Debout was an American Football player who played for the Atlanta Falcons, Seattle Seahawks and Minnesota Vikings.  He attended a University often pronounce "U-Dub".  What University did he attend?
University of Wyoming
Who played the role of Frank castle in the 2004 action film in which Ben Foster played a role?
Thomas Jane
Who served as the Oklahoma Sooners football coach in 1949?
Bud Wilkinson
What title does George Sanders and Shere Khan have in common?
Jungle Book
What son of Zeus in Greek mythology was said to have fatheres an Argonaut seer?
Apollo
Are Soul Asylum and Live from the same country?
yes
Who is the producer of the film in which Dan Dehaan played title character? 
Besson
Which Canadian mine hasn't been confirmed to exist, Beanland Mine or Lost Lemon Mine?
The Lost Lemon Mine
Helen Fielding and Anita Loos, have which occupation in common?
screenwriter
Dark Side of the Moon is a French mockumentary featuring a guest appearance by  an American retired politician and businessman who served as the 21st Secretary of Defense under who?
President George W. Bush
FNQ Rugby, formerly the Cairns and District Rugby Union (CDRU), is the umbrella organisation for Rugby Union, in Far North Queensland, and where?
Cairns
When was the airline alliance founded whose one of the member among 20 member carriers is Korean Air?
June 2000
Which actress, known for her role as Harper Munroe on the MTV comedy series "Happyland", starred alongside Laura Marano, Parker Mack, Michelle Clunie and Kathleen Wilhoite in the film A Sort of Homecoming?
Katherine Grace McNamara
Asia Cosmopolitan Awards is an international award established by Economic Research Institute for ASEAN and East Asia (ERIA) in the context of commemoration of the 1300-year anniversary in 2010 of Heijo-kyo, (ancient capital of Japan located in present-day Nara), Japan is a sovereign island nation, in which eastern subregion of the Asian continent?
East Asia
Michael Gordon and Vincenzo Natali, have which mutual nationality?
American
 Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey, a journalist, and Paula Fox, an author, are of what nationality?
American
What Danish island with a defunct lighthouse is located between Zealand and Funen?
Romsø
Yunost, is a Russian language literary magazine created in which year, in Moscow (initially as a USSR Union of Writers' organ) by Valentin Kataev, was a Russian and Soviet novelist and playwright who managed to create penetrating works discussing post-revolutionary social conditions without running afoul of the demands of official Soviet style?
1955
In between Adam Gontier and Andy Childs who's highest charting single is "Simple Life"?
Andy Childs
Which TV show was hosted by a former professional wrestler known by the ring name Goldberg?
Automaniac
Who directed the 2012 romantic-comedy film Jeom Deok-su starred in?
Daniel Hsia
The Staffordshire Bull Terrier and Galgo Español are both what type of animal?
dog
Figureskaters Milan Brzý and Radmila Chroboková teamed up to repersent the Czech Republic during a worldwide competition; what amphitheatre was this event held in?
Hamar Olympic Amphitheatre
At which Air National Guard installation within Joint Base Cape Cod is this United States Air Force intelligence unit located, which participated in Operation Northern Watch, and was dispatched during the September 11 attacks in an attempt to stop the attacks?
Otis Air National Guard Base
In what state is the corporation which Tom Monaghan founded headquartered?
Michigan
Which retired Australian musician and songwriter is  George Redburn Young  younger brother
Malcolm Mitchell Young
Which character, from a 2008 American rock musical, is Meghann Fahy known for?
Natalie Goodman
Robert Wisden played Richard Nixon on Watchmen which featured characters acquired from what company?
Charlton Comics
Walker was a film that starred the actor who currently stars in what HBO drama?
Westworld
Yoko Ono's son, who was a member of Between My Head and the Sky, was born on what date?
October 9, 1975
What nationality is the striker who scored 19 goals in the 2007–08 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season ?
Paraguayan
In what year did the singer behind "Eh, Eh" rise to prominence?
2008
Are both Jim Thompson and Joe Orton citizens of the same country?
no
What global management agency funded Chewy along with Volition Capital, Mark Vadon, New Horizons Fund, BlackRock, Allen & Co, Verlinvest and Greenspring Associates?
T. Rowe Price
Did Laura Esquivel, a Mexican novelist, or Harold Robbins, an American author, have a novel that was later developed into an award-winning film?
Laura Esquivel
Christoph Sanders played the role of Kyle Anderson in a tv series that aired on what network?
ABC
Winter formal, also called Winterfest, Winter Ball, Sweethearts, Snow Ball, or Queen of Hearts Dance, is a dance held by high schools in the United States and Canada, at some schools, this dance may supplement or replace which informal dance sponsored by a high school, middle school or college, in which female students invite male students?
Sadie Hawkins Dance
Are both the Swedish Vallhund and the Šarplaninac associated with the care of livestock?
yes
While the monthly American magazine, Club, stands as a pornographic publication, Architectural Digest's principal subject is what? 
interior design
Who did Timothy L. Spall portray in the film "The Enfield Haunting"?
Maurice Grosse
Which game is a board game, Carrom or Ludo? 
Ludo
Anna Phelan received a Oscar nomination for Gorillas in the Mist, but Michael Apted was nominated for how many Academy Awards?  
five
What came first, the release of the Greatest Hits, Etc. or the formation of Simon & Garfunkel?
Simon & Garfunkel
Revenge is the debut single from what album released on August 25, 2017?
17
Fear the Voices was co-written by the bassist for the group he was a part of until which month?
January 1993
Lee Ki-young, which stars in Love Me Not, is from which country?
South Korea
Which rock band started playing music first, Pinback or Noir Désir?
Noir Désir
Which previous Senator representing Illinois did Vivek Kundra  served as the first chief information officer of the United States?
Barack Obama
What Indian actress was a contestant on an Indian reality television series that began October 16, 2016?
Antara Biswas
Wasp is a short film starring Natalie Press in pursuit of rekindling a relationship with an ex-boyfriend played by an English actor whose breakthrough roll was as Moff in what?
Human Traffic
Which writer used more names to write, Annie Proulx or René Crevel?
Annie Proulx
What position is currently held by the husband of Brigitte Macron?
President of France
Memorial Ossuary Cer, was built in the village Tekeriš on the mountain Cer, the remains of the killed Serbian soldiers after what, which was fought between Austria-Hungary and Serbia in August 1914 during the early stages of the Serbian Campaign of the First World War?
Battle of Cer
Woree is the suburb of the what most populous city in Queensland?
5th-most-populous
University Preparatory Charter Academy, also known as "U-prep" or "UPREP", was a charter high school in the Oakland Unified School District, California, it was founded in 2001 by Isaac Haqq in the Eastmont Town Center, was founded in 2001 by Isaac Haqq in the Eastmont Town Center, was founded in what year, by Isaac Haqq in the Eastmont Town Center, a shopping mall and social services hub located on 33 acre bounded by Foothill Boulevard,?
2001
Are both Billy Corgan and Seth Putnam from the same country?
yes
Who created the show that features Ryan Sands as Geoffrey Wilder?
Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage
Which American actress appeared in "One Tree Hill" and "The Narrows"?
Sophia Bush
What is the nationality of the man who scored in the 67th minute of the The 1956 European Cup Final?
Spanish
Sherman Adams headed New Hampshire's state government before serving President Dwight D. Eisenhower is which office?
White House Chief of Staff
Are both Erigeron and Catalpa native to Asia?
no
The actor who filled in for Allen Jenkins as the Falcon's sidekick, "Goldie" Locke in The Falcon Strikes Back was born in what year?
1895
Season of Love is a 2013 Hong Kong TVB romance drama that explores the complexity of human love, the Summer segment featured which  Hong Kong actress, who is best known for her work with Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB), and to an extent, for her film work?
Kate Tsui Tsz-shan
Mark Elliot was a voice actor in what comedy drama film about involving an encounter with a seal?
Andre
The 2006–07 Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team was an NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Big East Conference representing Georgetown University, the team was led by which junior center, a Jamaican-American professional basketball player who last played for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA)?  
Roy Hibbert
When was the Australian opera and musical theater performer born who is a classically trained lyric baritone and opposite to whom Marina Prior starred as the original Christine Daaé?
18 November 1961
Louisiana contains Clairborne parish and was governed by which youngest Congressman in U.S. history?
William C. C. Claiborne
Club Deportivo Chivas USA was an American professional soccer club that was located in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2016 ?
3,976,322
Dream Your Life Away includes which song by Australian singer-songwriter Vance Joy?
Riptide
Collateral starred the American actor who won a BAFTA Award for which 2004 biographical film?
Ray
What singer's eighth studio album got released later than expected due to their work on the 2008 American-German action thriller film loosely based on the comic book miniseries of the same name by Mark Millar and J. G. Jones?
Common
Which hospital has more beds George Washington University Hospital or Children's National Medical Center ?
George Washington University Hospital
Who founded an American family notable for their social prominence, wealth, business enterprises and philanthropy, who has a member by marriage who isan American poet, writer, racehorse owner/breeder, socialite, and philanthropist ?  
John Whitney
What are occupations of one of the weekly guests of Frankie Boyle's New World Order?
writer, stand-up comedian and actress
What is the country in the South Caucasus region, situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe bound by to the east, which is the country of a olk musician and tar-player ?
Caspian Sea
Who has the highest scope of profession in Troy Duffy or David Lean 
David Lean
There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow is the theme song to the prime feature of the GE Pavilion for the 1964 New York World's Fair and what other attraction?
Innoventions at Disneyland
Cash collection Accounts receivable is the recovery of cash with which you have issued a commercial document relating to what?
a sale transaction
Although similar, the Istrian Coarse-haired Hound was breed from Croatia, while the Tyrolean Hound: originated from where? 
Tyrol
The Ages of Lulu starred which Academy Award-winning Spanish actor?
Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem
Which genus contains more species, Scopolia or Epigaea?
Scopolia
When was the American physicist  won the Nobel Prize in Physics who was the residence of The Arthur H. Compton House from the late 1920s until 1945?
1927
Which American musician was born first, Micky Dolenz or Chris Robinson?
George Michael Dolenz, Jr.
In what year was the politician to whom Rajeev Topno was appointed private secretary on 16 July 2014 born?
1950
Doo-Wah Days was recorded by what American country singer that was born in 1936?
Mickey Gilley
The 2009–10 La Liga season was Xerex's first season as well which overall season for La Liga since it's establishment?
79th
Which professional basketball player was born first, Ray Allen or Ben McLemore?
Ray Allen
What town and state does the band who created the album "The New Game" come from?
Peoria, Illinois
Slackness refers to vulgarity in the culture native of the Antilles and what archipelago?
Lucayan Archipelago
 Andrei Svechnikov is a russian hockey player who is projected as a top pick for a draft that will be held on what dates?
June 22–23, 2018
What animation company worked on How to Train Your Dragon and its four short films?
DreamWorks Animation
Who is the the epic poem The Rage of Achilles is based on attributed to?
Homer
What anime are both Enrique Mederos and MewTwo known for?
Pokémon
Koffi Gbondjidè Gervais is the founder and president of what airline headquartered in Lomé, Togo?
ASKY Airlines
Where is the company, in which Laura Escude is a certified trainer, based?
Berlin
Norman Alden provided the voice of Kay in film produced by who?
Walt Disney
Sons of Hollywood starred which former actor and life coach?
Randall Gene "Randy" Spelling
Rakfisk is a Norwegian fish dish made from trout or sometimes char, salted and fermented for two to three months, or even up to a year, then eaten without cooking, this cuisine in its traditional form is based largely on the raw materials readily available in Norway and its mountains, wilderness and coast, cuisine titled?
Norwegian cuisine
Which director is Italian, James Rolfe or Liliana Cavani?
Liliana Cavani
Which movie was scored by Danny Cocke's and starred Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara? 
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Get Carter starred which Scottish-American actor and activist?
Alan Cumming
What is Bunshaft Residence connection to Georgica Pond?
sole residential design
Which animated television series was slated for inclusion in the video game Cartoon Network Backlot Party and first aired in 2011?
The Amazing World of Gumball
Who was the mother of the majority owner and chairwoman of the NFL team the Detroit Lions?
Elizabeth Parke Firestone
John André (2 May 1750 – 2 October 1780) was a British Army officer, hanged as a spy by the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War for assisting with the attempted surrender of the fort at West Point, New York to the British, assisting which general during the American Revolutionary War, who fought for the American Continental Army, and later defected to the British Army?
Benedict Arnold
What is the author's name who wrote "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man?"
James Joyce
What was the hunter culture in 12900 to 11700 BP in Sweden?
Ahrensburgian
Earlsdon is a suburb and electoral ward of Coventry, England, it's the birthplace of aviation pioneer Frank Whittle, was an engineer air officer, of which organization?
English Royal Air Force (RAF)
Who was the first authorized biographer of, Julia Child,American chef, author and television personality?
Noël Riley Fitch
When was the library that is located in the Cultural Education Center with items over 20 million established?
1818
"Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone" is a song written by Glenn Martin and Dave Kirby, and recorded by which American country music singer, musician/guitarist, recording artist, performer, and business owner?
Charley Pride
 The Wu experiment was conducted by the physicist who was part of what field of study?
nuclear physics
How do retailers make up for losses due to shoplifting?
increase prices
Who was considered to have achieved more in their lifetime occupational wise, Metodi Andonov or Luchino Visconti?
Luchino Visconti
Ibn Zuhr and Sameera Moussa share names of what similar descent? 
Arabic
What kind of artist does I Mean It and These Things Happen have in common?
rapper
The 2001–02 FC Barcelona season contained a retired footballer who played in what capacity in his days before becoming the current manager?
central defender
WNHW is a radio station licensed to a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, whose population was what at the 2010 census?
7,356
What country was featured in the Killing Fields?
Cambodia
The uprising that happened when John P. Buchanan was governor primarily took place in what county?
Anderson County
Papoose Lake lies within the iconic classified Area 51 within Edwards Air Force Base in which western U.S. state?
Nevada
Huascarán is a mountain that is just shorter than what type of formation in La Rioja Province, Argentina?
extinct volcano
What is derived from the recipe, which blends three types of whiskey together, Nikolaschka or Three Wise Men ?
Three Wise Men
Persona Non Grata depicted the life of a diplomat who served in Lithuania for what country?
Japanese Empire
What is the name of the 1942 live-action American animated package film, which is Spanish for 'Greetings, Friends', produced by Walt Disney, which was a precursor to the 'Three Caballeros', which premiered in Mexico City in 1944 before its release in the United States? 
Saludos Amigos
What was the name of the Christmas album Darlene Love performed on that was produced by the man who helped write Not Too Young to Get Married?
A Christmas Gift for You
On War Against the Turk was a book written during the critical period marked by the first attempt by the Ottoman Empire to capture the city of what?
Vienna, Austria
The Raid on Alexandria was a British victory during the War of 1812, but by delaying the British forces may have contributed to the heavy causalities on them in which sea/land battle fought later that year?
Battle of Baltimore
What is the name of the play released by singer, songwriter and actress Jennette McCurdy, who also appeared on iCarly?
Not That Far Away
Which Chinese singer recorded the Mandarin version of the song performed by singer Idina Menzel in the American version of Disney's 2013 animated feature film "Frozen"?
Yao Beina
Bobby Mackey's musical style can be described by his loyalty in part to an AMerican country music singer-songwriter who was notable for recording what David Allan Coe song?
Take This Job and Shove It
Ikea furniture model was from where?
Sweden
What retired Spanish footballer, born 30 March 1982, played for Fiorentina?
Javier Portillo
What country features Chelmsford Cathedral and Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Portsmouth? 
England
Which movie is older, Man from Plains or Chicken Ranch?
Chicken Ranch
"Thodi Der" is a song from the soundtrack of a Bollywood film directed by who?
Mohit Suri
What television network are both Mia Michaels and So You Think You Can Dance on?
Fox
What recreational arcade game and gambling machine is used in the Magical Halloween
Pachinko
Who is older, Casey Wilson or June Diane Raphael?
June Diane Raphael
What were the names of the directors of the first movie exhibited in the Ottoman Empire?
Auguste and Louis Lumière
Which air-line flies through Fort  Collins - Loveland Municipal Airport and employees 3,700 employees? 
3,700 employees
The Proximity effect is sometimes mistakenly attributed to a professor at what univeristy?
University of Cambridge
The Battle of Bardia included explosive charges that are placed in what kind of connected housings?
tubes
One of the largest breweries by volume in the country hosts a music festival in what location?
Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return is a 2013 American-Indian 3D computer-animated musical fantasy film, the film stars the voices of which Canadian-American actor and comedian, known for his work on the television programs "SCTV" and "Saturday Night Live"?
Martin Short
What senator delivered the 1980 speech that criticized both a former actor turned 40th American president, and rebuked the then incumbent president?
Ted Kennedy
Which album by Ringo Starr succeeded his 1973 studio album?
Goodnight Vienna
What defensive midfielder/center back was contracted by the same man who contracted Carlos Tevez?
Javier Mascherano
The band Luna Amară is named after a Roman Polanski movie released in what year?
1992
One of the world's largest Internet payment companies, that was funded in early stages by a venture capital firm focused on IT investing charges what ?
a fee
Morrnah Nalamaku Simeona taught her updated version of hoʻ oponopono,  a Hawaiian practice of reconciliation and what?
forgiveness
Which type of Elf is mentioned in The Tale of Beren and Luthien?
Beren as a Noldorin elf
When did William Michael Albert Broad's drummer start playing the drums?
Tichy began playing drums at age eight
Ali Awni al-Harzi was a suspect in a coordinated attack against two United States government facilities in which country?
Libya
What is the best known work of Swiss historian who Henk Schulte Nordholt admired?
"The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy"
Jean Luc Gbayara Assoubre plays for a spanish club that plays in what division?
Segunda División
Which band was formed first, The Smashing Pumpkins or The Mighty Lemon Drops?
The Mighty Lemon Drops
In what year was the novel featuring the character Bill the Lizard written?
1865
The inspiration behind the 2001 comedy film "Rock Star", Tim "Ripper" Owens was a tribute band singer who took over when the real lead singer left which band?
Judas Priest
Nam Woo-hyun and Roy Wood, have which mutual occupation?
singer
The home of the Missouri Tigers football team is located west of what river? 
Mississippi River
Who directed the British musical comedy film that starred the singer who reached number one with "Singing the Blues" in 1957?
John Paddy Carstairs
Lake Calabay is a freshwater lake located on the south border of the fifth-most populous county in Florida, which had what population in 2010?
1,145,956
Who is the husband of the female star of the film Showdown ?
Alex Karras
Name the general who led a branch of the Mexican army in a historic battle that took place at what is currently the Fannin Battleground State Historic Site in Texas?
General José de Urrea
What is the name of this Indian businesswoman, former model turned and Indian television actress, starring in Meethi Choori No. 1?
Gauri Pradhan Tejwani
Taylor Swift's song that won Best Female Video of the Year at the 2009 MTV Music Video Awards was from what album?
"Fearless"
What was the nickname of the book that was released in 1959 that was a follow up to another book sharing the same character?
Giant Eagle
What year was the city founded that is famous for the Tombb of Sheikh Salim Chishti?
1569
What is the name of this American actor, film director, film producer, and film distributor, who starred in Rocky V with his real life dad?
Sage Moonblood Stallone
William Shepard protected the Springfield Armory during Shays' Rebellion, firing cannon into the force a soldier who passed away in which year ?
1825
Simonas Stanevičius, was a Lithuanian writer and an activist of which titled event, an early stage of the Lithuanian National Revival, alternatively Lithuanian National Awakening, was a period of the history of Lithuania in the 19th century at the time when a major part of Lithuanian-inhabited areas belonged to the Russian Empire?
Samogitian Revival
What was the 2014  poplation of the city at which Khürelbaataryn Tsend-Ayuush scored in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying?
1.3 million
Where is the firm that Robert Crittenden founded headquartered in?
Little Rock, Arkansas
David Wilson has directed music videos for the Australian psychedelic rock band founded by whom in 2007?
Kevin Parker
Keighley Bus Company is a subsidiary of a company that was formed in what year?
1991
What company did David McCormick become president of after Ray Dalio?
Bridgewater Associates
When was the man who became a member of a formal body of advisers to the Chief Executive of Macau, a former First Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of Macau?
1996-2009
he M&I Bank Border Showdown Series is the official name for the Border War rivalry between the University of Kansas Jayhawks and which athletics programs include the extramural and intramural sports teams of the University of Missouri, located in Columbia, Missouri, United States?
Missouri Tigers
The Beatles' 1964 US album "Something New" contains "When I Get Home", "Slow Down", and which classic song sung in German?
I Want to Hold Your Hand
What is the total inmate population in the state New Hampshire State Prison for Men is located in?
2,791
Where was the singer of "Under The Sun" born?
Tyneside
The Lana Sisters put an advert for a third member in this British weekly newspaper that was founded in which year?
1880
How many recorded singles does the artist whose song shares the same name as the twenty-second studio album by country singer Willie Nelson have?
35
The formally known Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show spent how many weeks at number nine on the "Cash Box" Top 100?
two weeks
The creationist museum, Northwest Science Museum, in Idaho, say that their collection of Ica Stones, found in the Ica Province, Peru, are proof that humans and dinosaurs did what?
coexisted
Which German actress starred in the horror drama film directed by Christopher Leitch, airing on the Lifetime Movie Network on October 24, 2010?
Jeri Ryan
Which horror film was previously directed by the same director as a 1978 film starring Marlon Brando and Gene Hackman?
"The Omen"
Who wrote the tenth track on Oasis' only full album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll?
Noel Gallagher
No Kidding is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas featuring Leslie Phillips, and which English actress, who had a long career in theatre, television and film?
Geraldine McEwan
How long was the NBA career of the player named NBA Finals MVP in the 1999 NBA Playoffs ?
19-year
Which of the following is known for his role in the drama "Mystic River": Larry Hagman or Sean Penn?
Sean Justin Penn
NGC 1808 is a Seyfert galaxy located in the constellation Columba, The which astronomical event that occurs during the last stellar evolutionary stages of a massive star's life, whose dramatic and catastrophic destruction is marked by one final titanic explosion, 1993af appeared in NGC 1808?
Supernova
When did the suspected serial killer to which John B. Harman was notable as a medical expert witness for his defence died? 
4 July 1983
What is the nickname of the singer who released the album Baba Bulleh Shah in 2003?
Queen of Sufi music
What is a center-right to right-wing political party in Israel, was a political party in Israel, and is one of the ancestors of A secular party?
Likud
Doug Edwards played basketball for the Hawks and another team established in what year? 
1995
Has Nuri Bilge Ceylan worked on more television shows than Jon Amiel?
no
Big Dan Mine and Copperfields Mine are both located in?
Ontario, Canada
New Cathedral Street has the largest store that is located outside London that is a part of what stock index?
FTSE 250
Which plant is native to Australia, Pultenaea or Carmichaelia?
Pultenaea
What German commander of the Jagdgeschwader fighter wing had a personal emissary to Benito Mussolini that later became an arms dealer?
Hermann Göring
The Judiciary of Macau's court with the highest final adjudication power of laws in Macau is?
Court of Final Appeal
Tory Woodbury is an undrafted free agent out of a university which is a member-school of what college fund?
Thurgood Marshall College Fund
 Le Chiffre is a fictional character appearing in a novel in which other authors have written authorised Bond novels or novelizations since what year?
1964
Revival Bar and Kitchen is a farm-to-table eatery in Berkeley, a city on the east shore of which location in northern Alameda County, California?
San Francisco Bay
What is the name of the character in the sitcom "Community" who is portrayed by an American comedian and actor who is a former student of the acting teacher Cynthian Szigeti?
Jeff Winger
The director of Young Captives film Irvin Kershner is from which country?
American actor and director
Who directed the film "A Felicidade" was composed for?
Marcel Camus
Which band formed first, Envy on the Coast or Skypilot?
Envy on the Coast
What actor who is famous for his role in the series Taxi, played Arnold Schwarzenegger's tiwn in the movie Twins?
Danny DeVito
Riding in Cars with Boys is a 2001 American biographical film based on the autobiography of the same name by who, it stars include Brittany Murphy, was an American actress and singer, that died on December 20, 2009?
Beverly Donofrio
Mads Clausen was the founder of what company that is a global producer of products and services that are used in areas such as cooling food, air conditioning, heating buildings, and controlling electric motors?
The Danfoss Group
A Modest Video Game Proposal is an allusion to the essay written in what year?
1729
Who won more grand slam titles Lisa Raymond or Stan Wawrinka?
Lisa Raymond
What is the capital of the district in which the town of Barekese is located ? 
Nkawie
Were Danny Elfman and Darius Rucker both members of Hootie & the Blowfish?
no
Christmas Love Duets includes the John Lennon song that was released in what year as a single?
1971
For how long does the son of Viviane Senna raced in Formula One?
2010–12
In what series has Ikue Ōtani voice-acted that is based on manga by Kishimoto?
Naruto
When did Gerald Alphin's university open?
1863
What is a sub-group of Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast in which David A. Boxley identifies with?
Tsimshian
Taylor Michel Momsen,  frontwoman of The Pretty Reckless, played Jenny Humphrey on what CW series?
Gossip Girl
The White Mountain National Forest includes over 100 miles of which marked hiking trail?
Appalachian Trail
What did the plane of the pilot that was a scheduled American Airlines domestic transcontinental passenger flight from Washington Dulles International Airport in Dulles, Virginia, to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California, crash into?
the Pentagon
Were both Dave Pirner and Aaron Pauley lead vocalists at some point in their music careers?
yes
Are Ozzy Osbourne and Andy Partridge both English?
yes
In what state did Jamie Aube win a race in the  NASCAR Busch Series?
Maine
The European Space Agency has put the HD 10927 at a distance of how many light-years away?
185 light-years
Which film did Sara Tanaka act in which was directed by Todd Phillips?
Old School
Cat Marnell was an editor for the magazine founded by whom?
Jane Pratt
Hockwold cum Wilton (""Hock/mallow wood and willow-tree farm/settlement"") is 10 miles west of Thetford, Norfolk, England and is in the borough of King's Lynn and West Norfolk, it is located near several USAF airbases, notably which Royal Air Force station near the town of Lakenheath in Suffolk, England, 4.7 mi north-east of Mildenhall, and 8.3 mi west of Thetford?
Royal Air Force Lakenheath
What is the main occupation of the American football official Ed Hochuli who was part of the officiating crew for the 2009 NFL season which selected Tim Podraza as a line judge?
attorney
The author who wrote the book on which a 1953 French-Italian thriller film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot was based was born in what French city?
Montpellier
Which branch of the Indo-European language family does this language belong in which Kalyi Jag means "Black Fire?"
the Indo-Aryan branch
Holland & Sherry is a fabric mill founded in London in 1836, on which street it the head office located, in Mayfair, central London?
Savile Row
Are Irving Wallace and J. K. Rowling both American authors?
no
What type of series is the Argentine telenovela "Sos mi vida"?
romantic comedy television series
What is the legal name of a music producer who performed a song at the Summerburst Festival in Sweden which was also released as a digital download?
Mikael Persson
Volcano Live was commissioned following the success of a British television programme on astronomy that first broadcast when?
January 2011
The Simpson Episode Lisa the Greek was directed by a director born in which year ?
1963
American Blues 'Is Here' was a studio album that featured what future drummer for the rock band ZZ Top?
Frank Lee Beard
Kai Ken and Pembroke Welsh Corgi, are a breed of what?
dog
What year was the county founded that includes Big Card, Kentucky?
1821
Who owned the PA-24 plane that crashed in Camden Tennessee in 1963?
Randy Hughes
What year was the subject of He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin' born?
1934
What is a rotation of the body about the vertical axis that is known to be executed while completing a 360 Crescent kick?
In dance and gymnastics, a turn is a rotation of the body about the vertical axis.
Murray Lee Jones is currently a coach for a club located where?
Bermondsey, South East London, England
What nationality is Gennady Golovkin's opponent from his title fight on October 17, 2015?
Canadian
Are both Stephen Roberts and Louis King american film director?
yes
Jung Eun-pyo has appeared in which 2012 South Korean tv drama series?
Moon Embracing the Sun
KKFT (99.1 FM, "99.1 FM Talk") is a commercial radio station located in Garnderville-Minden, in Douglas County, Nevada, in which country?
United States
Who directed the movie that was commemorated on its 50th anniversary by "The Peanuts Movie"?
Bill Melendez
What area did this former United States Army soldier cross before defecting to North Korea, who was later released in 2004, which brought light to the abduction story of the Thai national Anocha Panjoy known to the world?
Korean Demilitarized Zone
Torsten Suel is a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at a school dating back to which year ?
1854
Batman: Under the Red Hood starred an actor known for playing which character on How I Met Your Mother?
Barney Stinson
What is the nickname of the professional boxer Krzysztof Zimnoch beat in an amatuer fight?
The Bronze Bomber
Who lived a longer life, Cid Corman or Witold Gombrowicz?
Cid (Sidney) Corman
When was the Norwegian professional footballer born who began his career with Norwegian club Tromsø and a member of The Players?
8 September 1981
Sir George Grimes supported the Royalist cause in a series of armed conflicts and political machinations that ended with what battle?
Battle of Worcester
What is the name of this character created by this American artist, political cartoonist, children's book author and illustrator, and songwriter, both December 24, 1980?
Raggedy Ann
Which came out first, Teacher's Pet or Dumbo?
Dumbo
What show is Adelaide Kane connected to that has 22 episodes in the season she is in?
"Once Upon a Time"
KIM-1 was produced by a semiconductor design and fabrication company that is based in what city in Pennsylvania?
Norristown
Which Baltimore Colts defensive end joined Alan Ameche to start the fast-food restaurant chain Gino's Hamburgers?
Gino Marchetti
What political term was coined by a co-owner of the winner of the 1889 Epsom Oaks ?
Tory Democracy.
Are both Lushan City and Qionghai in China?
yes
Danny Brown’s latest studio album is primarily produced by whom?
Paul White
What is the mission of the humanitarian aid and development agency of which Michelle Nunn is the president?
fighting global poverty
Who is the actor in the play Face Value who has had roles on Oz, Awake, and the first Jurassic Park film?
B. D. Wong
In addition to "A Minute with Stan Hooper," what other tv series was Norm Macdonald known for? 
Saturday Night Live
What is the name of the football team that defeated the Stanford Cardinal 31–27 on December 31, 2009 at the Sun Bowl?
Oklahoma Sooners
Name the 2004 telenovela from Mexico that stars Maite Perroni who released a solo album in 2013 titled Eclipse de Luna? 
Rebelde
Which university is a land-grant university, Mississippi State University or Quaid-i-Azam University?
Mississippi State University
Rob & Big follows Rob Dyrdek and his best friend with what nickname?
Big Black
Paramount Famous Productions is a made-for-home entertainment division of Paramount Pictures, it develops home entertainment sequels to films from which theatrical motion picture production arm, of the American children's cable channel Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon Movies
What commune, ecovillage, and spiritual community was founded by Oberto Airaudi?
Federation of Damanhur
Who, Michael Arlen or Mark Geragos, is an Armenian-American criminal defense lawyer?
Mark John Geragos
Martin R. Hoke, is an American Republican politician, member of which gaming control board in Ohio that provides oversight of the state's casinos?
Ohio Casino Control Commission (OCCC)
When was the NBA draft which drafted Derrick Favors as third overall by the New Jersey Nets held? 
June 24, 2010
Captain Dale Adam Dye Jr., USMC (Ret.) owns Warriors, Inc. and what other company?
Warrior Publishing Group
 Only 4 the K People was a paperback single from the electronic duo from what English city?
Manchester
Roman Grill is a former German football player that has turned into a player agent for which English footballer born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada?
Owen Hargreaves
what famous English comedian, actress, screenwriter and director co-produced  Dinnerladies...Answer Victoria woods
Victoria Wood
Which was premiered first, Candide or Siegfried?
Siegfried
Sara Baume was born near the canal on the flight of locks on which two other canals?
Leeds and Liverpool Canal
What was the least active Atlantic hurricane season on record only one known tropical storm, and following up behind it in second place is the second least active Atlantic hurricane season on record with only three systems reaching tropical storm intensity ?
1914 Atlantic hurricane season
Which companies produced the sitcom in which Pedro Romo is known for his role as Don Filemon?
Nickelodeon Latin America and Macias Group International
"Handle with Care", is the first track from the Traveling Wilburys' album,"Traveling Wilburys Vol.1",released in what year, and the group's most successful single, the British-American supergroup consisting of Bob Dylan, George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison, and Tom Petty?
1988
After releasing "Wavering Radiant" in 2009, how many full-length albums had Isis released?
5
Who was born first, Sergio Leone or Marc Evans?
Sergio Leone
Where did the football team that Bob Simmons coached from 1995 to 2000 play their home games?
Lewis Field
Metroshuttle 1 opperated from Mancehster Piccadilly station through what large shopping centre built in the 1970s?
Manchester Arndale
When was the English actress starred in Gone Girl born? 
27 January 1979
Which film, directed by Mathieu Kassovitz, has a sequel titled "Angels of the Apocalypse"?
The Crimson Rivers
What is the real name of the mentor that is joining Vishal-Shekhar and Sajid-Wajid?
Daler Singh
South Korean actress Bae Doona, known for her role in 2000 television series "Look Back in Anger", had an English-speaking role in which 2012 film directed by the Wachowski siblings?
"Cloud Atlas"
What is Matka?
Indian
Timo Kotipelto and John Waite, are Finnish?
no
Which network aired the American psychological horror drama television series Mike Vogel appeared in?
A&E
In what country did a popular actress play a role in a film about coming of age?
South Indian cinema
Which plant consists of more species and is native to over 7 different countries, Arachnis or Callistephus?
Arachnis
The american actress Ann Wedgeworth starred in a film originally titled Dragonfly, what was the name changed to? 
One Summer Love
Who directed the comedy film which was written by Tina Fey and based on a book by American parenting educator Rosalind Wiseman?
Mark Waters
Murder on the Waterfront stars an American model and stage and film actress whose brother was what bohemian surrealist?
Charles Henri Ford
Long Hard Road Out of Hell was used in the trailer for which 2001 American film?
From Hell
Of Scott Treleaven and Kelly Reichardt which is American?
Kelly Reichardt
Where is the church in which T. D. Jakes is the bishop located?
Dallas, Texas
In what year was the man after whom the Reynolds crater on Mars was named born?
1842
What British multinational confectionery company wholly owned by Mondelez International (originally Kraft Foods) since 2010, and owns a French brand of confectionery?
Cadbury
In what neighborhood of Brooklyn does a 1988-born Yemeni American professional boxer have a gym?
Bay Ridge
Ronald L. Smith is in the process of creating a children's novel using the Marvel Comics superhero who first appeared in what comic book?
"Fantastic Four" #52
Which Magazine publishes more frequently, Lucire or New Zealand Woman's Weekly?
New Zealand Woman's Weekly
Who  is known for directing "Monster"  and "Wonder Woman" , Umberto Lenzi or Patty Jenkins?
Patricia Lea Jenkins
New Synagogue, Düsseldorf was pillaged during the 1938 event that took place on which two days?
9–10 November 1938
 Wholeness and the Implicate Order is a book by an American scientist who contributed unorthodox ideas to what?
quantum theory
What  American big box department store was featred in n EP by the band MxPx, released in 1996?
Kmart
Thakur Srinath Singh (1901-1996) was a renowned Indian poet, known for his poems for who, such as Nani Ka Sndook, Makkhi Ki Nigah, memoirs of his early life is given in "Aatamkatha ank" of Hans (magazine) published by Premchand, better known as Munshi Premchand, Munshi being an honorary prefix, was an Indian writer famous for his modern Hindi-Urdu literature?
children
How Bridget's Lover Escaped was directed by what French illusionist who was one of the first filmmakers to use storyboards?
Georges Méliès
are Chuck Essegian and Ben Agajanianboth former athletes ?
yes
What is the full name of the child actor in the 1997 comedy film produced by John Hughes in 1997?
Alexander David "Alex" Linz
What types of music did this American guitarist and singer-songwriter who released the song "Fly Like an Eagle" play in the beginning of his music career?
blues and blues rock
Are Stefan Edberg and Patty Fendick both tennis players?
yes
Allen Gregory was created by an actor who received what Academy Award nomination for "The Wolf of Wall Street"?
Best Supporting Actor
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the town in which the college, at which Eloise Lownsbery obtained her B.A. degree, is located?
27,982
The actress that played Norma Watson in "Carrie" also starred in a 1981 film directed by who?
Ivan Reitman
Who helped manage the Senate campaigns, of the first African American to serve in the U.S. Congress?
Jesse Freeman Boulden
Andrew and Jeremy Get Married and Without the King are both what?
documentary film
Hot Summer Days is a 2010 Hong Kong romantic comedy film, featuring an ensemble cast including Angelababy, Angela Yeung Wing (born 28 February 1989), better known by her stage name Angelababy, is a Chinese model, actress, and singer based in where?
Hong Kong
What year saw releases of numerous video games including an action-adventure video game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix?
year 2015
A writer on "Bob's Burgers" also has writing credit on a show that parodies what region (the same where he grew up) using anthropomorphic squids?
the South
Without Limits is a biographical sports film about what distance runner who competed in the 1972 Olympics?
Steve Roland "Pre" Prefontaine
How many miles does the route that the Kenmore Square is the eastern terminus for span?
3365
Who directed the movies"Only God Forgives" and "Bronson"?
Nicolas Winding Refn
How much stake does Peter Harris own in the British private company which owns Haven Holidays, Butlins, and Warner Leisure Hotels?
£360m
Angeliki Papoulia starred in The Lobster, with what actor who played newly-single man trying to find someone so he can remain human?
Colin Farrell
What actress played in both Jackie Rush and Mean Guns?
Deborah Van Valkenburgh
What role did Malcolm Hebden play in a British soap opera that centers on Coronation Street in Weatherfield?
Norris Cole
What team did Carlos Dunlap play against in the 2009 BCS national championship?
Oklahoma Sooners
What is the name of this American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation whose 18th episode premiered in June, 2013?
Gravity Falls
In a modern film from 2000 reimagining the story of Hamlet, Steve Zahn plays Hamlet's childhood friend Rosencrantz. Where is the drama set?
New York City
Are Tony Hadley and Seo Eunkwang both radio presenters?
no
When does the rock singer born who was marked for his first live performance as a solo artist at the Gods Festival in Bradford?
November 4, 1965
Which happened first, the founding of the modern state of Belgium or Magellan's voyage of discovery of the Philippines?
Magellan's voyage of discovery of the Philippines
Who is the author born in 1817 that is associated with a pond from which Frederic Tudor sold ice?
Henry David Thoreau
How did both Rosemary Brown and Robert Schumann contribute to musical pieces?
composer
What was the born name of the person "Moody Street Irregulars" was dedicated to the cultural influences of?
Jean-Louis Kérouac
That's All Right had a B-side that was a cover of the song written in 1946 by which Bluegrass legend?
Bill Monroe
What position did Bertrand Robert's older brother play on the French national football team?
left winger
Peter Hobbs founded the company that is based in what town in Manchester?
Failsworth
What was the establishment date of this ancient kingdom that was annexed during the Southward expansion of the Han Dynasty, and consisted of the commanderies Nanhia, Guilin, and Xiang?
204 BC
What second album by Atif Aslam has the music video Urvashi Sharma appeared in?
Doorie
Where did David Lane try and promote Social conservatism?
United States
When was the album of Irish rock band U2 released by Jamaican-British record label that operates as a division of Universal Music Group (UMG)?
1 October 1984
Do the Majorca Ratter and the Bluetick Coonhound both originate from the same continent ?
no
Of which nationality is the guide book that has awarded chef Christian Le Squer with three stars?
French
What palace and government building is located facing the Frederiksholms Kanal?
Christiansborg Palace
What is the full name of the singer of the album Sólo un Momento?
Gabriel Julio Fernández Capello
The Jordanian jihadist who was also known as the "Shaykh of the slaughterers" was blamed for the deaths of how many during the 2004 Iraq churches attack in 2004?
12
Which genus of plants is found in more continents, Phytolacca or Symplocos?
Phytolacca
The reservation used by descendants of the Nipmuck Indians contains a lake of what size?
1442 acres
Are the singers Park Bom and Joey Tempest from the same continent?
no
What year was the band behind the album "OK Computer" formed?
1985
Anne de Mortimer, Countess of Cambridge was the grandmother of the last of the Plantagenet dynasty whose defeat at Bosworth Field marked the end of what in England?
Middle Ages
Who was the director of the 2012 American horror film, which was the sequel to the 2009 home invasion horror film The Collector?
Marcus Dunstan
Who directed a film where the actor who played Vizzini in The Princess Bride plays a fictionalized version of himself at Café des Artistes in Manhattan
Louis Malle
How many Emmy Awards did The Infinite Mind's weekly commentary provider win?
4
"The Long Legs of the Law" is the first episode of series 2 a the BBC sitcom created by who?
John Sullivan
Name a partner of Openbucks that is headquartered in Goodlettsville, Tennessee?
Dollar General
Who was a regular and prolific contributor to a British story paper aimed at young and teenage boys, published from 1879 to 1967?
Talbot Baines Reed
Xenon was a pinball machine released by the manufacturer based in what Nevada city?
Enterprise
What album, featuring song recorded by American rapper Vince Staples "Big Fish", was released on June 23, 2017?
Big Fish Theory
Which country built the Ouvrage Pas du Roc?
France
Who directed a 2016 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios , that had an american film director  best known as the writer and director of the 2013 Disney animated feature "Frozen" redited for story contributions to "Zootopia"?
Byron Howard and Rich Moore
What president of a brewing company located in Golden, Colorado, was also married to Holly Coors?
Joseph Coors
The artist behind the "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)" album had a career during which era?
rocksteady
Who wrote Shakespeare Wrote for Money and "Stuff I've been reading"?
Nick Hornby
Who was the center that the NAIAS is held named after?
Albert Cobo
Which has more species, Manettia or Leucophyllum?
Manettia
What Yemeni American professional boxer has a gym in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn?
Sadam Ali
"Separation Anxiety" is the fifth season premiere of which American spy thriller drama television series,  and the 49th episode overall, that premiered on Showtime on October 4, 2015? 
Homeland
What former Sri Lankan cricketer established a record with Sanath Jayasuriya while on the Indian cricket team in Sri Lanka in 1997?
Roshan Mahanama
Which opera has more acts Destiny or Rienzi?
Rienzi, der Letzte der Tribunen
Which Domestic Disturbance star was born on February 18, 1954 ?
John Travolta
Who did Donald trump defame in 2000 as a hitler lover?
Pat Buchanan
Which American dancer teamed with Derek Hough to release the album BHB?
Mark Ballas
The film "Redwood Highway" starsTom Skerritt and an actress born in what year?
1936
When was Canadian actor, comedian and writer, who starred in the 1989 American comedy thriller film The Burbs, born?
July 3, 1952
Slave Raider was an American heavy metal band formed in 1985, in the 1980s, which county seat of Hennepin County, and the larger of the Twin Cities? 
Minneapolis
The person Mark Havery took over as interim senior coach of the Brisbane Lions for currently serves as the midfield coach for whom? 
Port Adelaide Football Club
Which was formed first, Alice in Chains or Car Seat Headrest?
Alice in Chains
Lisa Howard created the character of Jenny for this Broadway musical which ran between what dates?
March 17, 2015 (previews) to August 9, 2015
A Lion's Trail is about the song originally recorded in what year?
1939
Who was first granted the land where the Sheldon Farmhouse was built?
James Duane
Lalla Miranda played the title role in this opera in three acts, written by whom?
Léo Delibes
Johnny Chung Lee is working on the Project Tango platform at an American multinational technology company that was founded in what year?
1998
Jean-Paul Roussillon won a Cesar award for the 2008 comedy-drama film by whom?
Arnaud Desplechin
Which documentary film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival? Pray the Devil Back to Hell or The World Without US?
Pray the Devil Back to Hell
Hailee Steinfeld, is an American actress and singer, and in Pitch Perfect 3, an American musical comedy film, directed by Trish Sie and written by Kay Cannonwhich, released in what year? 
2017
Isidorus led a revolt during the reign of an emperor who was the last of a group known as the what?
Five Good Emperors
Which of the following won the 2001 GMA award for "Male Vocalist of the Year": ICS Vortex or Mac Powell?
Mac Powell
About how many students are served by the high school attended by Bamikole Richard Ayi?
2200
Fergie and GoonRock recorded a song with Kamaal Ibn John Fareed whose stage name is?
Q-Tip
Stand-up comedian David Cross recorded his DVD "Bigger and Blackerer" in shows in which city?
Boston
Eva Quinn Dolan is best known for originating the role of Katie in the Broadway adaption of a rock musical that follows who?
Dewey Finn
Alice Sebold, published the book Lucky in 1999, the book The Almost Moon in 2007, and a story of a teenage girl who, after being raped and murdered, watches from her personal Heaven as her family and friends struggle to move on with their lives while she comes to terms with her own death, in what year?
2002
Between Fee Waybill and Juliette Lewis which claimed more "critical success"?
Juliette L. Lewis
 Metro Zapata depicts which leader of the peasant revolution in Mexico?
Emiliano Zapata Salazar
Q) Did Daniel serve under Cyrus?
serves the king and his successors with loyalty and ability until the time of the Persian conqueror Cyrus
Who published the magazine which  Akio Nakamori's 1983 essay is inside
Serufu Shuppan
Who did the runner up of the 2012 Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 replace as driver of the Toro Rosso STR9?
Daniel Ricciardo
Between University of Wisconsin–Madison and Liberty University, which institution is larger in terms of types of degrees granted?
University of Wisconsin–Madison
How was the first woman to earn an aeronautical engineering degree and whose story was told in a documentary film, known as?
Queen of the Hurricanes
How tall was the player traded by the Charlotte Hornets for B. J. Armstrong during the 1997-98 season? 
5 ft
Chunkey is a game originating in the historic site near what modern-day city?
St. Louis, Missouri
Who is currently a living American television film director, Barry Levinson or Leslie H. Martinson?
Barry Levinson
The TV movie that is a notable work of Loring Mandel takes place during what war?
World War II
Linda Ham chaired the mission management team for which shuttle that disintegrated during re-entry on February 1, 2003?
Space Shuttle "Columbia"
Groundhog Day is a musical comedy with music and lyrics by Tim Minchin, it's based on which 1993 film of the same name, written by Rubin and Harold Ramis?
Groundhog Day
Did Mauro Bolognini and Gregory La Cava have the same occupation?
yes
Which member of the Moran family, an infamous Melbourne-based criminal family, was shot dead outside his Aberfeldie home?
Mark Anthony John Moran
What country of origin does The Incredible Hulk and Jack Colvin have in common?
American
What American multi-instrumentalist took part in the Appalachian Journey?
Edgar Meyer
The Scribbler co-staring Kunal Nayyar, was directed by who? 
John Suits
Laura is a talk show hosted by the presenter whose work appears on what network?
Univision
Name the retired German footballer who played as a striker, possessing great aerial ability and finishing skills and considered one of the key players for VfB Stuttgart in the 2003-04 season where they only just failed to finish in the top three for the second season in succession?
Kevin Kurányi
Kōji Morimoto, animator of the 1988 Japanese film Akira, is co-founder of what studio?
Studio 4°C
What was the nickname of the 1978 National League MVP and a two-time batting champion, who started off in a minor league baseball team, based in Monroe, North Carolina?
The Cobra
Which star from pay or Die was born on December 2, 1908 ?
Robert F. Simon
Who is older, Bob Boone or Bret Boone?
Bob Boone
Which American professional basketball team was founded in 1946 and picked Jamie Feick in the 2nd round of the 1996 NBA draft?
Philadelphia 76ers
Name the novel published by VC Andrews and a best seller in North America, covering subjects such as brittle bone disease, rape, diabetes and autism which became a television film in 2016 and whose title character was played by India Eisley known for her role in 'The Secret Life of the American Teenager'?
My Sweet Audrina
When did the author of the 91st episode of Bob's burgers make his first international debut?
2005
Former Fath Tehran F.C. member, Vahid Hashemian, was born in what year? 
21 July 1976
Which World Cup was famous for allegations of match-fixing between West Germany and Austria, where the referee was from Scotland?
1982
What year was the magazine, which featured "A Sound of Thunder" in 1952, founded?
1888
In between John Millington Synge and Alan Paton, who was a South African author and anti-apartheid activist?
Alan Stewart Paton
BARGE, the Big August Rec.Gambling Excursion, is a yearly convention where well-known poker players who have participated either as speakers or players including poker player who has won a record of how many World Series of Poker bracelets?
fourteen
Are Lacey Sturm and Philip Bailey known for being American singers?
yes
When was the publisher based in Farnham and a subsidiary of a multinational events and publishing company based in London established?
1967
What is the author of Aleph most famous for writing?
The Alchemist
A by-election was held on 28 August 1909 triggered by the death of an Australian politician who was a  prominent member of what?
the inaugural Parliament of Australia
What do Léonce Perret and Larry Cohen have in common in the film industry?
producer, director
Which team did the head coach who resigned early in the season of The 2005–06 Miami Heat season go on to coach from 2007 to 2012?
Orlando Magic
Which former athlete managed both Macabi Tel Aviv and Cruyff Football?
Jordi Cruyff
Which Pacific State contains a part of the American Cordillera?  
California
No Impact Man and Traceroute, are American films, of which genre?
documentary
The team expected to make their home stadium upon its proposed completion is based where?
León, Guanajuato, Mexico
Which Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain was Victoria Island named for 
Queen Victoria
Are The Tea Party and Alien Ant Farm from the same country?
no
What building did Philip Hooker work on that has a 202 ft tall tower at its southwest corner?
Albany City Hall
What position in Nazi Germany did the author of Inside the Third Reich have?
Reich Minister of Armaments and War Production
Who was the brother of the title character in one of the Marvel Comics done by Esad T. Ribic?
Thor
What trophy did Larry Johnson earn in 1992?
the Eddie Gottlieb Trophy
Who was Richard G. Gotti's uncle a protégé of?
Aniello Dellacroce
Thomas Carleton lived in a village on the coast of what sea?
Irish Sea
Golan Sipel an Israeli consultant is best known for his relationship with this man the 52nd governor of new jersey
James Edward McGreevey
Gene Hackman won an Academy Award for best actor in a movie directed by who ?
William Friedkin
What show was Robert Sorcher a producer on that follows 3 siblings?
We Bare Bears
What Italian surrealist painter was André Pieyre de Mandiargues  a close friend of?
Leonor Fini
Who was an Indian professional tennis player a defending champion with at the 2008 Pacific Life Open?
Damm
 Si me llevas contigo is an album by a singer and songwriter of what nationality?
Mexican
Azeroth Choppers featured the company based in what New York city?
Rock Tavern
When was the actor born who starred in Pilot as Laurie Keller which premiered on ABC on September 23, 2009?
June 25, 1979
What animated series is Pent-House Mouse related to?
shorts
Which of the 2 movies, Voices of Bam or Land of Silence and Darkness, documented a natural disaster?
Voices of Bam
Who plays the role of a driver for hire in the film which included the Kanye West single, "Muzik" from the extended play L.A. Confidential presents: Knoc-turn'al? 
Jason Statham
No Deposit, No Return and Cars 3 are both considered what type of genre?
comedy
On Big Brother 18 a host returned who worked for CBS. She was a co-anchor on what?
The Early Show
Who did Keith Scholey co-directed "African Cats" and "Bears" with Disneynature, an independent film unit of Walt Disney Studios?
Alastair Fothergill
Who, born July 3, 1959, wrote the Simpson's episode "The Trouble with Trillions"?
Ian Maxtone-Graham
Tonight for Sure is a Western softcore comedy film, released in what year, the music was composed by Carmine Coppola,  was an American composer, flautist, editor, musical director, and songwriter who contributed original music to many films, all directed by his son Francis Ford Coppola?
1962
My Name Is Khan is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Karan Johar, often informally referred to as KJo, is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, costume designer, actor and television personality, who is primarily known for his work in which type of films?
Hindi
The actor that played the Artful Dodger in "Oliver!" stars with Mark Lester in a 1971 British film directed by who?
Waris Hussein
What was the title of the 2003 movie in which an Afghan actress gained international recognition for her role as a girl forced to dress as a boy?
Osama
Darren Criss wrote music an lyrics for a "Harry Potter" based parody, for what Chicago based musical theater company?
StarKid Productions
Who were the Showrunners for the eighth season of the show on which Homer's Enemy was an episode?
Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein
The Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) or Perspective Multi-role Fighter (PMF) is a fifth-generation fighter being developed by India and Russia, and is a derivative project of the Russian Sukhoi Su-57, the designation intended for a stealth, single-seat, twin-engine jet multirole fighter aircraft designed for air superiority and attack operations, being developed for which organization?
Russian Air Force
Antonio Lamar "Tony" Crocker stuck to his commitment under a new coach who had once played for what university?
Duke University
Guillaume Roquille, a french poet, is known for writing in this Gallo-Romance language?
Franco-Provençal language
For which German team did winger Mario Basler and current manager score an early goal against Manchester United in the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final which was remembered for injury time goals giving United the win?
Bayern Munich
The San Diego Chargers drafted a new quarterback in 1998, who eventually played how many seasons in the NFL?
four seasons
What is the premiere date of this play by Samuel Beckett, in which Daeg Faerch starred as the messenger?
5 January 1953
What award did the animator of the semi-sequel spin-off to Kung Fu Panda receive?
Annie Award
SMUD Headquarters Building is the headquarters for the residents of what neighboring county?
Placer
What now occupies the old Dunes golf course that is a 1679700 sqft urban complex?
CityCenter
Stan Lee's Mutants, Monsters & Marvels, released in which year, is an American documentary film produced by Creative Light Entertainment, the two talk about Lee's life, his marriage with Joan Boocock Lee, was a British-American hat model and voice actress?
2002
Thomas William Seymour Hunt has written for what bimonthly magazine?
The American Interest
William "Bill" Taylor, was an English footballer who played as a half-back for Southwell, Mansfield Mechanics, Notts County, Shirebrook, Oldham Athletic, Newark Town, and which professional association football club based in Burnley, Lancashire?
Burnley F.C.
Shannon Bell is a programme director for what third-largest university in Canada?
York University
What  battle of the Civil War involved the largest number of casualties of the entire war and is often described as the war's turning point, Second Battle of Bull Run or Battle of Gettysburg?
Battle of Gettysburg
Which of these musicians has appeared on the show "American Idol", Kelly Jones or Chris Daughtry?
Chris Daughtry
How many performaces did the Opera, that John Stoddart designed the set for "The Magic Flute", give in 2004?
226
What year was the American Politican born that collaborated on Champions?
1967
The Panismahas were a sub-group of a tribe that historically lived in what two states?
Nebraska and Kansas
In between Pizza Inn and Extreme Pizza which one was founded in 1994?
Extreme Pizza
the eastern terminus of the Tung Chung Line sits underneath an integrated commercial development  located where?
the waterfront of Hong Kong's Central District
Toy Soldiers Parachute Drop is a Paratower, a parachute jump-style ride at Walt Disney Studios Park in France and Hong Kong Disneyland, the ride is part of the Toy Story Land in Hong Kong, "Toy Story" Land (known as Toy Story" Playland at Walt Disney Studios Park) is a themed land at Walt Disney Studios Park, Hong Kong Disneyland, and soon-to-be at Disney's Hollywood Studios and which location?
Shanghai Disneyland Park
What is a fortnightly women interest magazine published in English in India, New England Offering or Woman's Era?
Woman's Era
What is the singer of "I Love You... Te Quiero"'s full name?
Belinda Peregrín Schüll
Who directed the film which featured the song "Who Feelin' It?" ?
Mary Harron,
On what date did Luke Nell make his first debut on Saturday Night Live?
September 30, 2017
What is a construction and management simulation video game published by an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California?
SimCoaster
What were the active years of this vaudeville and comedy team, who were the stars of the short film Oil's Well That Ends Well?
1928 until 1970
Did Wilfred Noy and Edwin Greenwood both direct films?
yes
What town is 80 km from the Wonawinta mine, and on the eastern edge of the outback in Australia?
Cobar
Who's husband was a British historian who wrote and lectured on Bhutanese, Tibetan and Himalayan culture and history, who starred in a French-British biographical film directed by Luc Besson?
Aung San Suu Kyi
The failed Escobar Rebellion of 1929 challenged the political power of what political leader, who had been the interior minister under Mexican President Alvaro Obregon?  
Plutarco Elías Calles
Roger Thomas is best known for his work on an MGM owned and operated resort built on the site of what demolished hotel and casino?
Dunes
The Democratic nominee for a US Senate seat in Missouri in 2016 defeated what Republican politician in 2012?
Shane Schoeller
Do Jonathan Lethem and Diana Athill have the same nationality?
no
What is the area of the country where Trichaeta parva is found?
36125 km2
What 2013 American science fiction horror film was scored by Joseph Bishara?
Dark Skies
Were both Brian Robbins and Marc Allégret American?
no
What treaty ended the war in which the Battle of Vác was fought?
Treaty of Karlowitz
Between a Bearded Collie and a West Siberian Laika which dog originated in Ural and West Siberia? 
The West Siberian Laika
Who has won more prizes, Giuseppe Ungaretti or Boris Pasternak?
Giuseppe Ungaretti
Who was the British Conservative Party politician who was the highly energetic Prime Minister of the Wartime Coalition Government (1916–22)?
David Lloyd George
What is the real name of the author of "The Uncomfortable Dead"?
Rafael Sebastián Guillén Vicente
Where is the private research university that Stephen Salisbury III is a trustee of located?
Worcester, Massachusetts
What county in Massachusetts has a state forest and an island that the Rowley River runs by?
Essex County
The 1994 Sun Bowl ended with the decisive points being scored by the player who was signed as an undrafted free agent in 1997 by which team?
Baltimore Ravens
Debbie Burton is best known for dubbing the singing voice of the young Baby Jane Hudson in a 1962 film directed by who?
Robert Aldrich
Who does Kristen Stewart's character get married to in the fourth novel in "The Twilight Saga"?
Edward Cullen
Shahab-ud-Din Virk of Punjab was from a land that literally means what?
"land of five waters"
Which Australian politician died the year after Sir Reginald William Colin Swartz became known as the Minister for Civil Aviation?
Harold Edward Holt
What is the name of the home ground of Goku's football team?
Estadio Municipal
What do Through a Blue Lens and There Is No Authority But Yourself have in common?
documentary
Rafe Joseph Spall, is an English actor, best known for his roles in which 2011 British-American romantic drama film directed by Lone Scherfig, and starring Anne Hathaway?
One Day
What island is included in the geographic area home to a variety of publications describing Hong Kong Cantonese as "Hong Kong speech"?
Hainan island
What social and legislative movements does this Native American attorney and founder of Native American Rights Fund (NARF) advocate to reverse the paternalistic policies enacted upon Native American tribes since the U.S. government created treaties and established the reservation system?
Native American self-determination
Where does the college which John Abercrombie studied also operate a campus?
Valencia, Spain
John Logan took part in expeditions against the Shawnee tribe, led by which frontiersman and explorer who founded the Wilderness Road?
Daniel Boone
Do the flowering plants Alisma and Parkinsonia share the same family?
no
Who is an English alternative comedian also known as a writer and presenter of radio and television?
Jimmy Carr
Manuel "Manny" Sobral, is a former boxer, competing in the welterweight (– 69 kg) division, a resident of Vancouver, British Columbia, he represented Canada at which event that took place in the "Chamshil Students' Gymnasium" in Seoul between September the 17th and October the 2nd in 1988?
Boxing at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Ken Babbs known for his participaction in the Acit Tests was a cohort and follower of an American author in what year?
1964
Where was the battle that Hans-Heinrich Sixt von Armin surrendered in fought?>
Southern Russia
The B-series automotive engines are sold concurrently with an engine used in the first-generation of what?
Integra
In which year computer Associates international, Inc. and CA, Inc aquired 3tera, Inc ?
2010
Who was one of the authors of the "The Big Moo: Stop Trying to be Perfect and start Being Remarkable (2005)" and a Silicon Valley venture capitalist?
Guy Kawasaki
Ayers Island Dam is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
3,054
Dombeya and Epigaea, are a genus of which specific type of plant?
flowering
The Louisville Brecks left which city after finishing 19th in the National Football League in 1923?
Louisville, Kentucky
Which 2012 Hong Kong police thriller film stars one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Hong Kong?
Cold War
Q: What year did Pauline Collins and her husband star in Thomas & Sarah for the first time?
1979
What was the role of Cate Blanchett in a production of the Tennessee Williams play that received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1948?
Blanche DuBois
Which country which borders Benin in the west is the Kob found in?
Nigeria
The Snowball family included Nathaniel, who was recorded in a document that held names and descriptions of what?
3,000 Black Loyalists
In what year was the person who was said to have sheltered in Prince Charlie's Cave for 5 days in 1746 when on the run from the Duke of Cumberland after the defeat at the Battle of Culloden born?
1720
 Rand is a small village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England and Wragby is a small town and civil parish located where?
East Lindsey
What John Lennon/Yoko Ono Vietnam War protest song was covered by The Incredible Penguins to support research on little penguins?
"Happy Xmas (War Is Over)"
Author and businessman Rolf Dobelli created a non-profit foundation in his native city to connect science, business and cultural figures. In which country?
Switzerland
Philippine Airlines Flight 434, was a flight on which date, from Cebu to Tokyo on a Boeing 747-283B that was seriously damaged by a bomb planted by terrorist Ramzi Yousef, killing one passenger and damaging vital control systems, it was flying the second leg of a route from Ninoy Aquino International Airport, to Narita International Airport?
December 11, 1994
Days of Future Future is a continuation of the Simpsons episode that originally aired on what date?
December 11, 2011
Ron Weasley is a fictional character, in which series of fantasy novels, written by the British author, J. K. Rowling?
Harry Potter
Paul Migliazzo was drafted to which NFL team in 1987 under coach Mike Ditka?
Chicago Bears
When was the Scottish musician and songwriter  which was one of those that left rock band Wings born? 
4 June 1953
Casey Mitchum is portrayed  by the actor who had what role in Grand Theft Auto IV?
Brucie Kibbutz
Who leads the corporation that the Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam is now part of?
Christopher J. Nassetta
What nationality is the scientist who along with Antony Hewish discovered PSR B1919+21 ?
Northern Irish
Out of Jay Gordon and Chris Cornell, who was born first?
Chris Cornell
What was the position of Glenn Branch in a not-for-profit membership organization in the United States whose stated mission is to educate the press and the public?
Deputy Director
In which county was the airbase where the 82d Training Wing was stationed ?
Maricopa County,
What is the name of the Grammy award winning song written and produced by Justin Timberlake for the film "Trolls"?
Can't Stop the Feeling!
Deer Medicine Rocks is a sandstone formation located in what county in Montana?
Rosebud County
What two states share the same capital where GVIET is located?
Haryana and Punjab
What was the name of the expedition led by the explorer buried at Grinder's Stand?
the Lewis and Clark Expedition
What does the magazine that voted Steven Smith #1 All-Around Summer five years in a row feature?
interviews, equipment reviews, and columns offering advice on technique, as well as information for the general public
Which restaurant opened first, Jet's Pizza or East of Chicago Pizza?
Jet's Pizza
Who is this American rapper and actor who was one of the best-selling music artists of all time and worked on the 1995 song Runnin' from tha Police with a few other artists?
Tupac Shakur
What Indian film actor and producer starred in the films Jwar Bhata and Sangdil?
Dilip Kumar
What tv series is the star of Beautiful & Twisted known for being the title character of?
Murphy Brown
What actress, best known for her role as Sophia Petrillo on The Golden Girls, also starred in the made-for-TV movie No Man's Land in 1984?
Estelle Getty
The World of Henry Orient starred the actress, producer, and songwriter who is of what multi-nationality?
British-American-Irish
What is the name of the character who has a son named Louis and has been played by the same actor since the series' inception?
Charlie Fairhead
Which is an older breed of dog? The Briard or the Shetland Sheepdog?
Briard
When  is the  41st President of the United States which Mark J. Albrecht was his advisor born 
June 12, 1924
In what nationality's folklore is the cat mentioned in Live Fast, Love Hard, Die Young?
American
What U.S. politician attended the oldest university in Victoria?
Charles Plympton Smith
Which parent of Angelina Jolie and James Haven also worked as a Humanitarian Worker?
Marcheline Bertrand
The 2010-11 season Celtic football coach is now the head coach of what team?
Hibernian
Monte Sano State Park has cottages built in the era of which public work relief program that operated from 1933 to 1942 in the United States for unemployed, unmarried men from relief families as part of the New Deal?
Civilian Conservation Corps
What year did the network, in which Sal Paolantonio replaced was the original anchors for, launch?
1993
Are both Nigella and Leucanthemella both plants?
yes
where is the company situated which developed the game tetris ultimate?
Hawaii
What is the elevation of the birthplace of Oscar Castro Ramirez?
520 m
What was the nationality of the playwright who wrote the one-act theatrical sketch Rough for Theatre I?
Irish
Who was the University of Kansas basketball player who played for the Phoenix Suns with his twin brother?
Markieff Morris
What is the counterpart of the conference that the Arizona Cardinals belong to?
American Football Conference
David Coles and Sam Allardyce held top positions in what popular european sport?
football
Lee Hudson Teslik holds a degree from INSEAD, which is an acronym for what?
European Institute of Business Administration
Kumail Nanjiani starred in an Adult Swim series that premiered in which year ?
2013